 While trying to save their childhood orphanage, Moe, Larry and Curly inadvertently stumble into a murder plot and wind up starring in a reality TV show. An imaginative tale chronicling the adventures of a diverse band of crayons as they strive to protect not only their magical multihued homeland but the imagination of children everywhere from a terrifying monster. A fateful meeting with a mysterious stranger inspires Pee-wee Herman to take his first-ever holiday. Welcome to Hotel Transylvania, Dracula's lavish five-stake resort, where monsters and their families can live it up and no humans are allowed. One special weekend, Dracula has invited all his best friends to celebrate his beloved daughter Mavis's 118th birthday. For Dracula catering to all of these legendary monsters is no problem but the party really starts when one ordinary guy stumbles into the hotel and changes everything! A teenager finds herself transported to a deep forest setting where a battle between the forces of good and the forces of evil is taking place. She bands together with a rag-tag group characters in order to save their world--and ours. Dorothy wakes up in post-tornado Kansas, only to be whisked back to Oz to try to save her old friends the Scarecrow, the Lion, the Tin Man and Glinda from a devious new villain, the Jester. Wiser the owl, Marshal Mallow, China Princess and Tugg the tugboat join Dorothy on her latest magical journey through the colorful landscape of Oz to restore order and happiness to Emerald City. Bilbo Baggins, a hobbit enjoying his quiet life, is swept into an epic quest by Gandalf the Grey and thirteen dwarves who seek to reclaim their mountain home from Smaug, the dragon. Pete Weaver has  out of the break-dancing world for a long time and his father, and daughter needs expensive medical treatment. With training assistance from his old break-dancing buddies, he sets his sights on winning a competition that promises enough winnings to save his daughter's life. In this fun children's adventure tale, 19 kids spend a few days in a mountain camp together with their caregivers, Florentina and Vasile. When little Radu gets lost in the woods, all the others, including his little sister, are worried sick and imagine all kinds of terrible scenarios. But Radu receives help from where he least expects it. In 1992, during a meeting held at the family estate in the interior of Minas Gerais, all young heirs of the Baumann family mysteriously disappeared. The event is revisited by filming and old photographs, hoping to reconstitute his last days and solve the case. On a scorching July day in the Mojave Desert it's all about dirt bikes, adventure, and love.   Are you using your egg and germ cells in a manner useful for the society and the humankind? Junko is nearly 30, nearing the traditional 'best before' of the Japanese society, and feels increasing pressure: without a partner candidate or even a particular wish to have children anytime soon, she decides to become an egg donor. And not just for the free Hawaii trip that would be the prize if her candidacy is successful. At a counseling session, she meets her niece Aki who has similar plans. Together, they soon see how competitive social and evolutionary rules can mess up the best human relationships, particularly when such rules are mixed with the fossilized attitudes of a society which is frantically hanging on to traditions. The film chronicles the rise and fall of the world's most feared drug lord Pablo Escobar and his volatile love affair with Colombia's most famous journalist Virginia Vallejo throughout a reign of terror that tore a country apart. This colorful adventure tells the story of an impetuous mermaid princess named Ariel who falls in love with the very human Prince Eric and puts everything on the line for the chance to be with him. Memorable songs and characters -- including the villainous sea witch Ursula. Abbott and Costello's version of the famous fairy tale, about a young boy who trades the family cow for magic beans. The story is more or less familiar to everyone, though if your entire point of reference is Disney, you are missing a wide range of interpretations and odd deviations. In this version, things are slimmed down for the brief runtime, and Aladdin's role as a weaver reminds more of The Thief and the Cobbler than the street rat of the most famous Western interpretation.  A former American G.I. joins a yakuza family after his release from prison in post-World War II Osaka.     At Kinetech Labs, an inventor named Allan Topher designs a robot for search and rescue, but when he finds out that the robot will be used for military purposes, he programs the robot to flee. The robot escapes but is damaged in the process. It is discovered by 12-year-old Henry Keller, who fixes it and names it Cody. The robot does not remember its past, and Henry and Cody develop a friendship. Eventually, Kinetech and the inventor find Cody and bring the robot back to the laboratories. The inventor feels guilty for taking Cody away, so he returns the robot to Henry. The inventor meets Henry's mother, Joanna, in the process and falls in love. Kinetech wants the robot back, so it kidnaps the inventor and Joanna. Henry and Cody embark to save them and to bring down Kinetech.  After 50 years the Fabeltjeskrant is back. In this family adventure a brother and sister, Mo and Melody, join up with the brilliant scientist and inventor Professor Shonku and his robot helper Robu to find their missing legendary explorer father. Soon they find themselves deep in the Himalayas followed by the evil Franzotti who is tracking a hidden treasure. Along the way they encounter unicorns and other magical creatures, and uncover a hidden paradise kept away from the world. Artie and Diane agree to look after their three grandkids when their type-A helicopter parents need to leave town for work. Problems arise when the kids' 21st-century behavior collides with Artie and Diane's old-school methods. After moving to a small town, Zach Cooper finds a silver lining when he meets next door neighbor Hannah, the daughter of bestselling Goosebumps series author R.L. Stine. When Zach unintentionally unleashes real monsters from their manuscripts and they begin to terrorize the town, it's suddenly up to Stine, Zach and Hannah to get all of them back in the books where they belong. Behnaz is a really talented football player. Her dream is to play for the Iranian national football team and play in the best European leagues. She trains hard and is determined, but being a girl and living in a small town in Iran presents difficulties. Ray Livingston is a relationship-blogging hack ("freelance writer, actually") responsible for Brooklyn's infamous blog, "Occasionally Dating Black Women." The well-written, if not controversial, blog has generated some notoriety, but Ray is chafing from an overextended stay in New York, romantic ennui, and a stagnating writing career. After a particularly crappy week, he goes off on a tirade and harasses a gorgeous random passerby, only to discover that it's Rochelle Marseille, one of New York's up-and-coming authors. Moving to make amends in an effort to preserve his media clout, Ray is stunned when Rochelle gives him more than he ever thought she would. Long-term Coldplay collaborator Mat Whitecross directs 'Live In Sao Paulo' an exhilarating concert film captured at the climax of the band's record-breaking 'A Head Full Of Dreams Tour' A story about funny adventures of the group of children during their summer vacations. Richard Cooper is a married man and father of two who is just plain bored with married life. Not getting any sex from his wife, he resorts to ogling random women on the street to the point that he takes lunch late to look at them. When old crush Nikki Tru visits his office to get a reference letter, she becomes obsessed with Cooper and they begin a complicated relationship. In 1979, an Indian family moves to America with hopes of living the American Dream. While their 10-year-old boy Smith falls head-over-heels for the girl next door, his desire to become a "good old boy" propels him further away from his family's ideals than ever before. A young Peruvian bear travels to London in search of a new home. Finding himself lost and alone at Paddington Station, he meets the kindly Brown family. A story of food. When his father's restaurant is bankrupted, Hooshan decides to offer Beryani, an Isfahani cuisine, as the main dish. Ava, 13, is spending the summer on the Atlantic coast when she learns that she will lose her sight sooner than expected. Her mother decides to act as if everything were normal so as to spend their best summer ever. Ava confronts the problem in her own way. She steals a big black dog that belongs to a young man on the run... When a car hits young Victor's pet dog Sparky, Victor decides to bring him back to life the only way he knows how. But when the bolt-necked "monster" wreaks havoc and terror in the hearts of Victor's neighbors, he has to convince them that Sparky's still the good, loyal friend he was. Tinkerbell wanders into the forbidden Winter woods and meets Periwinkle. Together they learn the secret of their wings and try to unite the warm fairies and the winter fairies to help Pixie Hollow. A nature documentary centered on a family of chimps living in the Ivory Coast and Ugandan rain forests. Wisecracking, gum-chewing 12-year-old Gilly is well known in the foster system. Totally unmanageable, she has stayed with more families than she can remember and has outwitted them all. After all, how can she settle down when her real mother, the beautiful and glamourous Courtney, might be out there waiting for her? When Gilly is sent to live with the Trotters, the weirdest family yet, she isn't planning to stick around. But cheerful, affectionate Maime Trotter isn't giving up on Gilly just yet... Four children dream of escaping the tedium of a summer holiday with their mother. When finally given permission to camp on their own on an island in the middle of a vast lake, they are overjoyed. But when they get there they discover they may not be alone... The battle for ownership of a lonely island teaches them the skills of survival, the value of friendship and the importance of holding your nerve. Amazonia is an adventure in 3D inside the largest rainforest on the planet: the Amazon rainforest. Chestnut is a Capuchin monkey domesticated who survives a plane crash and finds himself alone in the dense forest. The monkey needs to learn to live in freedom, in a new world where animals of all kinds: Jaguars, alligators, snakes, tapirs, hawks. Gradually, Brown learns to live in the forest, making new friends, especially the monkey Gaia, their fellow species. Adapted from the 1951 non-fiction account by psychoanalyst Georges Devereux, "Psychotherapy Of A Plains Indian," the film follows the true story of Picard (Del Toro), a Plains Indian of the Blackfeet nation, as he returns from WWII and begins experiencing unexplainable symptoms shortly thereafter. He travels to the famous Winter Hospital in Topeka, Kansas, where he meets Devereux (Amalric), thus beginning a professional and personal friendship guided by compassion and understanding of Native American culture. Seventeen-year-old Mariah Mundi's life is turned upside down when his parents vanish and his younger brother is kidnapped. Following a trail of clues to the darkly majestic Prince Regent Hotel, Mariah discovers a hidden realm of child-stealing monsters, deadly secrets and a long-lost artefact that grants limitless wealth--but also devastating supernatural power. With the fate of his world, and his family at stake, Mariah will risk everything to unravel the Curse of the Midas Box. A man who stops into a foster home to drop off some donations soon tells the kids a story about two teenage friends who uncover a long-lost medallion that transports them back in time. no Overview available After suffering a career ending knee injury, pro-baseball superstar Jimmy Easton (Dave Stone) returns to a place he has not been in a very long time....home. Here, Jimmy confronts dark memories from a tragic past as he tries to make peace with a life he once left behind. Things take an unexpected turn when he is forced back into the world of baseball as the coach of an underachieving college team. Coach's Jimmy's rocky relationship with Brandon Elliot (Johnny Meier), the team's only star, challenges both of them to deal with their similarly troubled pasts (intriguefilms.com). A street-wise teen from Baltimore who has been raised by a single mother travels to New York City to spend the Christmas holiday with his estranged relatives, where he embarks on a surprising and inspirational journey. Based on an inspiring true story, a small-town news reporter (Krasinski) and a Greenpeace volunteer (Barrymore) enlist the help of rival superpowers to save three majestic gray whales trapped under the ice of the Arctic Circle. 'Big Miracle' is adapted from the nonfiction book 'Freeing the Whales: How the Media Created the World's Greatest Non-Event' by Tom Rose. During the Royal Ball, Cinderella and her mice fellows discover a secret that could shake their world: the real prince has turned into a mouse by the evil witch, and the "Prince" from the Royal Ball is in fact a fraud. Now, Cinderella and her friends are going to begin a whole new adventure to save the real Prince, and help him defeat the evil force. Nono, a Dutch kid lacking two days being thirteen, runs away from problems at home and, disguised as a girl, takes up with the world's cleverest thief, who unbeknownst to Nono, may hold the bizarre key to his true identity. Gritty adaption of William Shakespeare's play about the English King's bloody conquest of France. As a teenager, Andre Robert Lee's full scholarship to attend a prestigious Philadelphia prep school was supposed to be his way up and out out of the ghetto, but this elite education came at a high personal cost. Join him as he revisits the events of his adolescence while also spending time with current-day prep school students to see how much has changed inside the ivory tower and find out who really pays the consequences for yesterday's accelerated desegregation and today's racial naivete. A childless couple bury a box in their backyard, containing all of their wishes for an infant. Soon, a child is born, though Timothy Green is not all that he appears. The adventures of teenager Max McGrath and alien companion Steel, who must harness and combine their tremendous new powers to evolve into the turbo-charged superhero Max Steel. A young girl loses her mother and is left to find her biological father with the help of a news crew that takes her under their wing. As the trio travels Middle America in search of the girl's father named John Smith they meet discover that what you looking for may be unattainable but what you need is right in front of you. A half-striped zebra is blamed for the drought and leaves his herd in search of his missing stripes. He is joined on his quest by an overprotective wildebeest and a flamboyant ostrich; they defeat the tyrannical leopard and save his herd. A young boy plays with his trampoline that just might give him a greater power The goal of Hawaii, a Voice for Sovereignty is to raise awareness of the issues that threaten the Hawaiians ancient and once-environmentally-sustainable culture. It is an epic documentary about Hawaiian spirituality and the peoples close connection to the land. It focuses on the complicated social, economic and ecological issues that have arisen in Hawaii since the overthrow of Queen Liliuokalani by the United States in 1893. For Hawaiians, sovereignty is the legal, political and moral right to live on and care for the land; build and grow a sustainable economy; protect natural resources; practice spiritual and cultural traditions; honor their ancestral past; and care for family and community. The film is in the voice of native Hawaiian people who address the issues they continue to face in their long struggle to regain sovereignty over their rights and the native lands lost after the U.S. businessmen and military overthrew the Kingdom of Hawaii. In a California desert town, a short-order cook with clairvoyant abilities encounters a mysterious man with a link to dark, threatening forces. It's Schluufy's birthday, and the Oogieloves (Goobie, Zoozie and Toofie), along with their friends J. Edgar, Windy Window and Ruffy, are organizing a party. (Shh! It's a secret.) Everything is going along just perfectly until J. Edgar trips and loses the last five magical balloons in all of Lovelyloveville--OH NO! The Oogiloves set out to find the magical balloons in time to save their friend's party. Along the way, they meet some very interesting characters indeed, including Dotty Rounder (Cloris Leachman), Bobby Wobbly (Carey Elwes), Milky Marvin (Chazz Palminteri), Rosalie Rosebud (Toni Braxton) and Lola and Lero Sombero (Christopher Lloyd and Jaime Pressly). Can these new friends help them recover the magical balloons and get back to the cottage in time to celebrate Schluufy's surprise birthday? Andy, at the urging of his former mentor and Magic Camp owner Roy Preston, returns to the camp of his youth hoping to reignite his career. Instead, he finds inspiration in his ragtag bunch of rookie magicians. The story of a mild-mannered radio executive (Ferrell) who strives to become the best stepdad ever to his wife's two children, but complications ensue when their freewheeling, freeloading real father arrives, forcing stepdad to compete for the affection of the kids. SMITTY is a family film about a rescue dog. When life gets tough for Ben, a friendly paw is all it takes to pull him through. Mischievous thirteen-year-old Ben is sent to his grandfather's farm for the summer, where he crosses paths with a lovable mutt. With help from the unlikely canine companion, Ben learns the importance of friendship, family and responsibility. When Melanie and Phil ask their son Danny what he wants for his birthday, they are greeted with the response that every parent dreads: a dog. When Danny selects his dog from the local shelter he lovingly names her Shelly in honour of all sheltered dogs. Realising that Shelly has a talent, Danny decides to enter her in the illustrious Wiener Dog Nationals race. Only one thing stands in their way: Ms Merryweather and her champion dog Princess. A recovering alcoholic college professor trying to put his life back together meets a seductive new student. She offers him a sensual escape from reality until he realizes she may be insane. Palo Alto weaves together three stories of teenage lust, boredom, and self-destruction: shy, sensitive April, torn between an illicit flirtation with her soccer coach and an unrequited crush on sweet stoner Teddy; Emily, who offers sexual favors to any boy to cross her path; and the increasingly dangerous exploits of Teddy and his best friend Fred, whose behavior may or may not be sociopathic. Tradition is a Temple explores New Orleans' unique musical culture and the fragility of tradition in the modern world. Maleficent and her goddaughter Aurora begin to question the complex family ties that bind them as they are pulled in different directions by impending nuptials, unexpected allies, and dark new forces at play. In the town of Copper Canyon, people are cashing in on an economic housing boom, and the local country club is buzzing about the investment opportunity. Once vivacious couple, Roger (Vincent D'Onofrio) and Georgie  (Kyra Sedgwick), have settled into a complacent lifestyle of mediocrity where their marriage is falling apart and their children are turning away from them. Nonetheless, the desperately discontent Georgie pushes Roger into finding a way to invest in the market bubble in the hopes that their family can be saved with the money they are sure to make. When local tennis pro and part-time drug dealer, Pat (Rhys Coiro), comes to Roger for investment advice, Roger sees his opportunity.  Torn by the reality that his family could be saved by this dirty money, Roger finds himself staring down the barrel of a moral conundrum. Asterix crosses the channel to help second-cousin Anticlimax face down Julius Caesar and invading Romans. A twist of fate brings the national spotlight to a forgotten Texas town and a once famous preacher has an opportunity to regain his former glory or seize one last chance to restore his fractured family.  Narrated by his fifteen-year-old daughter, Beyond the Farthest Star tells the story of Pastor Adam Wells, a minister driven by the prospect of achieving greatness as the next nationally syndicated TV Evangelist who must decide whether to give up his opportunity at "celebrity" and, even his own life, in order to become something even greater...  A loving husband and father to his wife and daughter. The story of four high school boys whose undefeated basketball season and friendship are threatened after a drive-by shooting leaves one of them in a coma and one of them with a secret. Brent Fencett, Jed Bracken, and T.J. Lewis are star players on the Charlevoix High School Basketball team; Jackson Carlson is their most obnoxious fan. They are unbeaten on the court and inseparable off it - until Brent gets caught up in his older brother's mixed up life. The consequences of Brent's choice leave T.J. in the hospital, and Brent's soul in turmoil. Written by Frontier Boys Marco the Monkey works as a beach officer. But he spends most of his time trying to win the heart of the beautiful Lulu. He is just about to succeed, when Marco's rival, Carlo, builds a gigantic monkey-shaped casino right on Marco's beach. Lulu is fascinated by the charming Carlo. Jealously Marco starts an undercover investigation of Carlo's strange casino. Soon he discovers the truth. Carlo will take over the island and force Lulu to marry him! When Marco tries to arrest Carlo a problem rises. Literally from the ground. Because Carlo's Casino is a giant robot. 'All's Well and Fair' juxtaposes the lives and ideals of three single punk rock mothers on welfare during the 1990s with their realities and opinions ten years later - giving a unique perspective on alternative culture, growth and identity. After the disappearance of her scientist father, three peculiar beings send Meg, her brother, and her friend to space in order to find him. A documentary exploring how Albanians, including many Muslims, helped and sheltered Jewish refugees during WWII at their own risk, and trying to help the son of an Albanian baker that housed a Jewish family for a year return some Hebrew books that the family had to leave behind. Oscar Diggs, a small-time circus illusionist and con-artist, is whisked from Kansas to the Land of Oz where the inhabitants assume he's the great wizard of prophecy, there to save Oz from the clutches of evil. A film crew travels to the Valley of Baztan to make a film about certain events that occurred in the seventeenth century is the history of discrimination suffered by so-called "agotes", people who were forced to live apart from the rest almost to our days. Set in rural Ohio, the birthplace of football, UNDERDOGS is the story of a small-town high school football team destined to play their cross-town rival, a perennial powerhouse, while standing up for an entire community. After his sudden death, a devoted father's search for heaven brings him back to his distraught family and his wilderness fishing camp for a few precious days in the body of a wanted man. Selling the world from the trunk of his worn and dented 1948 Tucker, James Frederickson travels across the American countryside with nothing but a car full of altlases and a sales pitch. However, as he arrives in the mysterious town of Periphery, Texas, he begins to realize that the small desert community might not be what it seems. Encountering a farewell parade that sees one of Periphery's elderly citizens off to an unertain destination and a one-man welcome wagon named Peter who can only hint at the town's closesly guarded secret, James comes to learn that even when everything becomes clear, the best things in life can remain unexplained A heart-warming tale about friendship, honour &amp; courage, which sees a young boy become a man as he embarks on a quest to become a knight. After the unexpected death of their daughter, a couple work to build a state of the art children's hospital where families are welcomed into the healing process. When her father unexpectedly passes away, young Ella finds herself at the mercy of her cruel stepmother and her daughters. Never one to give up hope, Ella's fortunes begin to change after meeting a dashing stranger in the woods. When the number one junior player in the country is injured, she begins to discover the teenage life she never got to live... and find the love she never thought she'd have. A film experimenting with the use of multiple exposed colored lights evoking the mystery of creation, stars and planets, atoms and electrons, souls and spirits Lisa, a high school sophomore, has been hiding her hopeless crush on Todd, the irresistibly likable junior in her art class. Her life starts to unravel when he asks her to help him get to know the beautiful Ellie, her longtime friend living in England. All the while Cindy, Todd's ruthless ex, resorts to sinister schemes to stop Lisa and Ellie, so she can win him back, and Todd's image-conscious friends try to discourage him from befriending the ordinary-looking Lisa. Ace Wonder is a 10-year-old detective, struggling to find a storyline for his latest novel. When his path tangles with Derek Morton, a simple family mystery becomes a very real case of corporate espionage, scientific discovery, and one coldblooded killer. A six year old boy named Jojo wakes up from a car crash deep within the woods. He reluctantly pulls his baby sister from the wreckage, plops her into his back pack, and together they try to make it home alive An alien comes to earth with a botanical virus, but a gutsy Arizona widow wins him over with her garden-fresh cooking, and then tries to topple the corrupt government that put him up to it. Plant loving Hilda, has created a museum where she preserves endangered and rare plants from all over the world. Meanwhile Attilem, a new genetically modified cereal, is launched on the market. Growing with little water and fertilizer while generating high crop field Attilem looks like an ideal solution to eradicate starvation and provide an alternative to diminishing oil reserves. But nothing is at it seems... Two little league teams take on their coaches' sibling rivalry, and end up doing battle in a place the baseball world never expected: in the outfield of the Home Run Derby. A young girl in pursuit of her dreams of becoming a filmmaker against all odds. Shakey is a family film about a 35-year-old widower named J.T. O'Neil, his precocious 10-year-old daughter and their devoted mutt Shakey. After moving from a small town to Chicago and missing the fine print in their rental contract, J.T. is forced to try and get rid of his lovable pooch. Shakey and Chandler won't have it and hatch a plan to keep Shakey and teach J.T. a valuable lesson about loyalty and the importance of keeping family together. The United States. Today. A freight train crosses the landscape like a giant steel snake. To catch this train, you have to wait for nightfall so you're not seen. Because it's illegal. I'm doing it to follow some hobos* (*vagabonds). They're women, on their own, and they've chosen a life of travel, with no particular destination in mind.  Amid the noise of the iron horse, they adopt me as a traveling companion and tell their stories to my camera. I try to grasp what their ultimate quest is. They're stronger than men, stronger than society. They are free. Cynthia O'Neil enters a haunted asylum known as the Madison Seminary in search of her father who went missing in the asylum while shooting a reality television show. A family film which tells the unlikely and timeless story about almost ten year old Tony, whose father rises from being a crane driver to Secretary of State. As a result his parents get divorced and Tony does everything he can to bring them back together. He even calls in the help of the queen. Lonely toymaker Geppetto has his wishes answered when the Blue Fairy arrives to bring his wooden puppet Pinocchio to life. Before becoming a real boy, however, Pinocchio must prove he's worthy as he sets off on an adventure with his whistling sidekick and conscience, Jiminy Cricket. Alexander's day begins with gum stuck in his hair, followed by more calamities. Though he finds little sympathy from his family and begins to wonder if bad things only happen to him, his mom, dad, brother, and sister all find themselves living through their own terrible, horrible, no good, very bad day. This romantic fantasy movie is about two people who are the last survivors of an ancient line of goddess worshipers, who sell art at a shop. When their teenage daughter Rhea falls in love with a poetically inclined boy , she begins to develop magical powers of her own throwing everything into chaos. Cut through the flashy swastikas, and you can see the German Nazis were Christians fulfilling a historic obligation (the Final Solution). Relatively few were so well-read as to imagine themselves Nietzscheans.  When reporter Dan Geraldo (Alain Chabat) arrives in Palombia to hunt for a scoop, he never suspects that he is about to make an incredible discovery... With his resourceful local guide Pablito (Jamel Debbouze), D an has one surprise after another during a thrilling adventure that allows him to bring the world some spectacular news: the Marsupilami, a mythical and mischievous animal, really does exist! You too will believe in furry tails! When Samantha loses her scholarship, she is convinced by her retired vet father to compete in a high stakes horseshoes tournament to win back the squandered college cash. Samantha must then discover the physical and inner-strength she needs to succeed. While flying a routine reconnaissance mission over Bosnia, fighter pilot Chris Burnett photographs something he wasn't supposed to see and gets shot down behind enemy lines, where he must outrun an army led by a ruthless Serbian general. With time running out and a deadly tracker on his trail, Burnett's commanding officer decides to risk his career and launch a renegade rescue mission to save his life. Based on a true story. . . . In the late 1940s, Martha Beck and Raymond Fernandez were America's notorious "Lonely Hearts Killers." Their lethal scam was simple; they would swindle and then viciously murder lovelorn war widows who would answer their personal ads in which Ray would describe himself as a sexy Latin lover. The Last Prince of Atlantis is a beautiful fairy tale about love, an animated family movie. The dynamic intrigue, a bright and multidimensional shows keeps the audiences captivated. An old pearl-fisher Bltazar is forced to sell his boat to wealthy man Don Vincenzo. But this is not the worst part. Now Vincenzo wants to take his beautiful daughter Adrianna! The girl is against that, but for how much longer can she resist? Police and gangsters serve Vincenzo... But money and power are nothing when the real love comes around. The Last Prince Of Atlantis appears from the bottom of the sea, where he spent thousands of years in a stone sarcophagus. One day he sees Adrianna in the sea, strikes up looking for her and finds her... Long ago in a faraway land, a young wizard's apprentice named Alerik discovers a pathway under the wall that surround his land to a shining city alive with the magic of Christmas. A teen is visited by aliens after he broadcasts a message into space. A filmmaker is granted unprecedented access to a political candidate and his family as he runs for President. Neurotypical is an unprecedented exploration of autism from the point of view of autistic people themselves. Four-year-old Violet, teenaged Nicholas and adult Paula occupy different positions on the autism spectrum, but they are all at pivotal moments in their lives. How they and the people around them work out their perceptual and behavioral differences becomes a remarkable reflection of the "neurotypical" world -- the world of the non-autistic -- revealing inventive adaptations on each side and an emerging critique of both what it means to be normal and what it means to be human. Walking with Dinosaurs 3D is a film depicting life-like 3D dinosaur characters set in photo-real landscapes that transports audiences to the prehistoric world as it existed 70 million years ago. The film is based on the 1999 documentary television miniseries Walking with Dinosaurs, produced by the BBC. Walking with Dinosaurs 3D is being produced by Evergreen Studios, the company that produced Happy Feet, and it is was released on October 11, 2013. The last film made by Alexander Alexeieff and Claire Parker. Trois themes was made on the pinscreen, and first shown in Milan, Italy, in March 1980. It was based on three works by Mussorgsky. 'In Football We Trust' captures a snapshot in time amid the rise of the Pacific Islander presence in the NFL. Presenting a new take on the American immigrant story, this feature length documentary transports viewers deep inside the tightly-knit Polynesian community in Salt Lake City, Utah. With unprecedented access and shot over a four-year time period, the film intimately portrays four young Polynesian men striving to overcome gang violence and near poverty through American football. Viewed as the "salvation" for their families, these young players reveal the culture clash they experience as they transform out of their adolescence and into the high stakes world of collegiate recruiting and rigors of societal expectations. A vulnerable teenager with a deep perception of the world and no idea how to live in it. Ricky Rapper and Nelli Nuudelipaa leave the island, where Elvi Rapper operates the resort's wife. There will also Risto for Nelli and slightly older Wendy father Uolevi Horsma Niemi. Venla input confuse Ricky and Nell intervals, as Nelli begins to enjoy more and more Venla company. At the same time old friends the Freezer Elvi and Uolevi converge. The whole family musical comedy Ricky Rapper and Cool Wendy tells of friendship, loneliness and accepting differences. It's Lucky's first night away from home and it's scary... Until her kennel friends show her that a little independence can be Big Doggie Fun! The young daughter of a politician runs away due to lack of attention. She hides in the car of two not too bright crooks who are slowly converted into parent figures as the police web closes down on the supposed kidnappers. Two school kids strike up a friendship with an orphaned puppy named Benji. When danger befalls them and they end up kidnapped by robbers who are in over their heads, Benji and his scruffy sidekick come to the rescue. Adaptation of one of Benelux most famous children's novels. Tough prime school girl Akkie loves soccer and can be a real bully. Love is the only thing she's scared of. When Akkie is diagnosed with Leukemia, she has to fight for her life. On the verge of going to high school, Akkie has to allow love to enter her life, and thus gain courage to accept the inevitable. Fifteen-year-old Camilla Dickinson leads a sheltered life in New York City until her parents' marriage begins to fall apart. Terrorists hijack a 747 inbound to Washington D.C., demanding the the release of their imprisoned leader. Intelligence expert David Grant (Kurt Russell) suspects another reason and he is soon the reluctant member of a special assault team that is assigned to intercept the plane and hijackers. Annie is a young, happy foster kid who's also tough enough to make her way on the streets of New York in 2014. Originally left by her parents as a baby with the promise that they'd be back for her someday, it's been a hard knock life ever since with her mean foster mom Miss Hannigan. But everything's about to change when the hard-nosed tycoon and New York mayoral candidate Will Stacks--advised by his brilliant VP and his shrewd and scheming campaign advisor--makes a thinly-veiled campaign move and takes her in. Stacks believes he's her guardian angel, but Annie's self-assured nature and bright, sun-will-come-out-tomorrow outlook on life just might mean it's the other way around. First time filmmaker follows his girlfriend and boss chase their dream as musicians. His insecurities flair while struggling to find a story, and begins challenging their flaws, on camera, jeopardizing the film, relationships and careers. Mozzman takes a long journey to Mt. Fuji in search for his old friend Kitakitsune. A Coming of Arab story. Iraqi-American filmmaker Usama Alshaibi (Nice Bombs) shares his own story of experiencing racism in post-9/11 America. Showcasing the diversity of Arabs living in the United States, American Arab sparks a frank conversation about identity and perception, and argues for giving people "the space to be complicated." One girl's journey to inspire a movement. Juliette is fourteen years old and she is on a mission to save elephants. After single-handedly raising funds Juliette embarks on a life-altering journey to South East Asia to meet and work with her hero The Elephant Lady. This is the story of two women, one from the East, one from the West, coming together on common ground, saving elephants. It's the coming of age of a passionate emerging woman joining forces with the wise eastern animal advocate on an enlightening journey of compassion, action, and hope that is sure to motivate audiences young and old. The message: no matter what your age, your ethnicity, or disposition, no matter what the cause, you can make a difference. As a child, Michael Walker wished every day could be Christmas. That is, until a tragic accident crushed his holiday spirit. Thirty years later, Michael still can't muster any joy for the holidays, despite encouragement from his playful wife and well-intentioned parents. But when his young son faces a tragedy, Michael needs to make amends with his past. A mysterious man named Nick gives Michael a gift and instills in him the courage to find the joy that he lost. Lange stunningly portrays Patsy Cline, the velvet-voiced country singer who died in a tragic plane crash. A Single Mom's 9 Year old daughter (Chantal Stevens) and 15 year old son (Kenneth Stevens) are rebellious against the idea of mom (Mrs. Stevens) wanting to hire a Nanny. Follow this Family Comedy as Kenneth and Chantal have their hilarious brother and sister rivalry, while at the same time deterring potential nannies when one nanny really catches their hearts. Dewey Winfield is a lovable loser who wants nothing more than to beat the guy who has bullied him his whole life in a big fishing tournament.  In order to win, Dewey will need the help of some eccentric senior citizens who are about to be evicted from their assisted living home.  When they all go fishing, comedy ensues - tragedy strikes - and Dewey discovers that his hopes and dreams of winning the fishing tournament may not be the most important thing in life after all. The story of Diego, a boy of just eleven years old, who lives in a small fishing community north of Mexico. Eva is about to turn thirteen, she is the only daughter of Maria and Jacinto. Eva is dreaming of her birthday when some unexpected events are about to change her life for ever. Diego, her only friend, is the only one who can brighten up the darkest hour before dawn. All Ira Finkelstein wants for Christmas is...Christmas. Unfortunately, his parents are sending him to Florida to be with his Grandparents. Ira's spirit soars as he manages to land in Christmas Town, USA, instead. Up until the middle of the 19Th century, poverty stricken mountain farmers from the Ticino area of Switzerland frequently sold their children to Milan as chimney sweeps or spazzacamini. That is also young Giorgios fate. He is forced to climb through pitch black chimneys, flinging down the soot with his bare hands. But he does not lose heart. Together with his buddies sharing in the same misery, he establishes the association of Black Brothers. They stick together, struggling against their penury and getting involved in fights with the street gangs of Milan. The film tells of the gripping adventures of the chimney sweep boys and their spectacular escape back to their native land. In their quest to confront the ultimate evil, Percy and his friends battle swarms of mythical creatures to find the mythical Golden Fleece and to stop an ancient evil from rising. In answer to an orphan boy's prayers, the divine Lord Krishna comes to Earth, befriends the boy, and helps him find a loving family. Oliver is a bright 12-year-old who lives in the shadow of his parents' loss of their first son. His family appears fine on the outside, but is broken behind closed doors. As they work out their faith, Oliver is left to grapple with his own belief in God and the answers to life's biggest questions: Why am I here? What happens after death? Who made us? An angel disguised as a quirky traveler is sent to help him bring the pieces of the puzzle together. As Oliver's struggles cause him to look to science for answers, he discovers God is found by faith not by sight. American high school sweethearts, Wade and Lisa, travel to Australia to experience nature at its finest. As their relationship strains, they head inland to Uluru, navigating remote dirt roads with an unreliable GPS. Soon, they find themselves stranded and ill- prepared and, with only each other to rely on, the two are driven to extremes in order to stay alive in the harsh and unforgiving Outback. Viewers will take a trip into the heart of Africa, and become immersed in a spectacular world where wild animals seem so close you can touch them. Growing up in a rich ass family, getting laid, and being the boss. Farmer Emilio is forced to work for his cousin gathering the poppy crop while his nine-year-old son Simon befriends a girl of his age. She is obsessed with playing with a puppy dog she can't afford. Simon steals it for her every day, but returns it each night. One day, the cousin discovers Simon's secret and decides to use him for his own greedy plan. The movie focuses on Kristine, an art historian. Kristine's personal life take a dramatic twist when the whole family is gathering together and the secrets of the past are being revealed at her gracious mansion in the French countryside. Family film directed by Sheldon Renan. There is a plot under way to change the course of history. Four kids are chosen to be the Freedom Force--a gang of unlikely heroes who travel through time to change the outcome of sacred stories. A group of rodeo trick-riders recruits a young girl to join them. Meet Hal, 87; Charlie, 87 and Maurie, 87. Three of a group of friends who gather every day at one p.m. in the village of Dorset, Vermont to play a game called "paddle tennis". They have been playing together for years. Moving beyond paddle tennis, The Longest Game takes on the 'game' of life, the stories we tell and the underlying forces that connect us all. Intangible Blue is a portrait of the beauty and biodiversity of Mexico's seas and coasts. It shows people struggling both on and off shore to develop an exemplary sustainable model. It is a voyage through the country's northeastern seas, offering a new perspective on the interaction that can exist between oceans and city dwellers, to achieve a balance between resource management and preservation. A cliche hunchbacked evil scientist's assistant aspires to become a scientist himself, much to the displeasure of the rest of the evil science community. In cities like Paris there are countless people from Eastern Europe who have forsaken their homelands because they can see no future there. Lucia and her little daughter Marussia are two such people. They have been thrown out by the Russian acquaintances they were staying with and must tramp the streets with their trolley suitcases searching for somewhere else to live. A Russian Orthodox priest offers them their first night's shelter. They spend the second night in a homeless hostel and party through the third with a chance acquaintance. On the fourth night they sleep clandestinely in a cinema and on the fifth with a Russian artist in a hotel ... Lucia is good-looking, dresses elegantly and is certainly not shy of men. This serves the mother and her daughter well. In spite of all the uncertainties in their lives, the two frequently share tender moments. When Koichi Takahasi (Miutani) is transferred from Tokyo to a small village in Iwate Prefecture, they set up hoe in a two-hundred year-old farmhouse. The family is split between those who hate the move and those who are happy. Fumiko (Yasuda), the wife,  is unhappy at the change and doesn't get on with her elderly neighbours, Azumi (Hashimoto) is sad about having to transfer to a new school. Koichi's mother, Sumiyo (Kusabue), rather likes the new community while young Tomoya Takahashi (Hamada) really enjoys the new move because he can play outdoors. Koichi takes note of the split in the family but finds himself struggling at his new job. Thankfully the house has Zashiki Warashi (yokai) living there who will unite them with their antics. Judging by the poster these antics won't be terrifying. During the 1980s, a failed stand-up comedian is driven insane and turns to a life of crime and chaos in Gotham City while becoming an infamous psychopathic crime figure. Pia's life, a girl from a small German town, changes when surprisingly, finds in her garden  a huge black monster. She soon discovers that the mysterious creature, which called Yoko, is actually a kind yeti spiritually protecting animals and children worldwide. Yoko is constantly showing his friends Pia and their unique qualities, but children are not the only ones who want the Yeti. Its great value calls attention to two hunters who want to take advantage of the yeti. A young man is informed of his father's death. 1989: Caroline Meagher is a sergeant with the Royal Military Police, with 12 years' experience, stationed in Northern Ireland. Two men from internal affairs grill her for four days: someone has accused her of being a lesbian. It's an offense that leads to court martial. In a series of flashbacks, we see her enthusiasm when she joins the force, her various assignments including investigating suspected lesbians, and her own slow discovery of her sexual nature. She, like others in her situation, must go to great lengths to avoid detection. Once reported, will she withstand the interrogation? Meagher herself comments on camera at the end of the film. An out-of-work New York City actress returns home to the quaint small town she escaped 10 years before and finds a place far different than the hamlet she left. She suddenly finds performing possibilities and even romance that kind of blow her away. How Frans Afman, a banker from the Netherlands, developed a new system for film financing, revolutionized independent filmmaking in Hollywood, but could not prevent it all from crashing down, when ambition of others turned into greed. The true story of the 4-year old son of a small-town pastor who, during emergency surgery, slips from consciousness and enters heaven. When he awakes, he recounts his experiences on the other side.  Eleven years old Jeff and his friends are looking for a treasure buried in the old castle. A father and son must team up to save Christmas when they discover Santa Claus sleeping in their garage, having crashed his sleigh and found himself on the run from the police. A long-lost music producer finds a singer-songwriter right about the moment he has given up all hope on life. Anina Yatay Salas is a ten-year-old whose name spells trouble: those three palindromes in a row are an ongoing source of teasing at school. When a playground fight results in mysterious punishment, Anina will learn to put her problems in perspective and empathize with others in this sweet little daydream of a tale. The balance of nature is in danger and only Clara and her friend have the heart to solve the secret of the bears and to break a centuries-old spell. An experimental film that lifts the veil on the world of African American drag racing. Juan's life changes when he is fired from his job due to downsizing. The plight attached to family tension lead him to decide to leave their country to seek a better future in Barcelona. The Famous Five Thulasi becomes a child-widow the very next day after her marriage. Will there be liberation for her from her outcast status and her domineering uncle? In this family-friendly adventure, two teens must put their rivalry aside and join forces to stop notorious bandits and survive the brutal wilderness known as the Treasure State. An Alzheimer's patient is checked into a long-term care facility while he believes his wife to be missing. A hustler meets a client in a hotel room but he realizes that the young man needs much more than sex. Based on Daniel Wright's award-winning play "Colored Eggs", is a drama/comedy about life, loss and love among an eccentric group of characters whose lives intersect under less than ideal circumstances. In the beautiful underwater reefs off the coast of Florida's pastoral Pajaro Island, a fissure rips open in the ocean floor. When graduate student Greg Chambers encounters the seismic readings, he rushes to tell his professor, Anthony McAlister. Greg suspects that a massive earthquake is about to give the small island a rude awakening. To make matters worse, the epicenter is right under Pajaro Island's new resort, where Anthony's estranged wife Lynn is working. As they drive to warn Lynn, the quake tears through the small town, damaging downtown and leveling several homes. The bridge connecting the island to the mainland is wiped out. Lynn and three others are trapped underground in the resort's utility tunnels. When Greg is killed during a rescue attempt, Lynn is forced to rally the survivors to try and save themselves. With aftershocks tearing through the site, the tunnels growing more and more unstable... Bound by a shared destiny, a bright, optimistic teen bursting with scientific curiosity and a former boy-genius inventor jaded by disillusionment embark on a danger-filled mission to unearth the secrets of an enigmatic place somewhere in time and space that exists in their collective memory as "Tomorrowland." John - conscientious and romantic - and Michael - thoughtless and unfaithful - are surgeons at their father's private hospital. John felt madly in love with Priscilla, a wonderful nurse. But he is betrayed by Michael who decides to marry her. Shattered by his loss, John moves to Canada. But Michael's new project to dedicate the clinic to plastic surgery leads them to bankruptcy, forcing John to come back in the hope of saving the clinic... A young girl (Jade Pettyjohn) struggles to maintain her school grades while competing as a gymnast. Angela Cristina, mother of teenager Maria de Lourdes, has to deal with the difficulties and delights of guiding her daughter during one of the most complicated stages of life. When a Marshallese family man living in Kona, Hawaii is diagnosed with stomach cancer, he keeps his illness a secret and resolves to pay off his family's debts before his death. (TIFF) When Jim proposes to his girlfriend, Bridget, things go bad fast. A little boy, Kolya, accidently meets his father for the first time in his life. Father and son rediscover each other, overcoming inner misunderstandings as well as numerous obstacles in their life path. An emotional misfit named Molly believes she's found love in a drunken one-night stand with a gay-marriage lesbian activist named Mercedes. But once sober, Mercedes discovers she cannot escape the clingy and desperate Molly. As she's about to call upon all of her legal options to rid herself of Molly, Mercedes learns that Molly's father is actually an influential state senator opposed to gay marriage. Seeing this as a golden opportunity, Mercedes convinces Molly to pretend that they are an engaged lesbian couple, though Molly's not at all gay, as a way to drive a stake into the senator's politics. But as Mercedes gets to know Molly's family, she begins to understand who Molly is and why they surprisingly share so much in common. Trained in the skills of sea power, Pi the fish can fight a shark, sink a squid or batter any random predator that ever threatens his friends and neighbors on the reef. Unfortunately, being the only hero in town can take its toll, especially when a group of sharks declares that the end of the reef is soon at hand. Wiley and Sandra have been happily married for years and are now in the process of breaking up. Sam, his childhood friend, is just beginning to fall in love with a new teacher at the high school. As they try to adjust to these conflicting emotions they find themselves having to evaluate their own relationship as well. Red, Chuck, Bomb and the rest of their feathered friends are surprised when a green pig suggests that they put aside their differences and unite to fight a common threat. Aggressive birds from an island covered in ice are planning to use an elaborate weapon to destroy the fowl and swine. Mockumentary family adventure taking its cue from the YouTube viral video sensation. An Australian zoologist travels to China to find the baby panda - whose sneeze has been watched over 250 million times - in the hope that the star attraction will revitalise her ailing zoo. It was a bachelor's life for hard-working and fun-loving Ray Ray Dominguez (Joey Dedio) who dreamt of leaving the barrio for a more carefree existence in Miami. That's until one day when everything changed - and he became a reluctant "Tio Papi" aka Uncle Daddy to his sister's six children ages 6 to 16. Now, in charge of raising this energetic (and expensive) clan, Ray Ray must make important decisions on what life really is all about. Combining heart-warming drama with light-hearted comedy, TIO PAPI, directed by Fro Rojas from the original screenplay by Joey Dedio and Brian Herskowitz, is an upbeat story of life's unexpected surprises and ultimately what matters the most - the love of family. Berlin, Capital of Germany. The integration of East and West, multicultural society, departure, movement, creativity, active life, but also loneliness, solitude, and anonymity. Everyone yearns for togetherness, and each love is possible. 'At Second Glance' is a film about Kay and Falk, Benjamin and Elena, Till and Pan - three visually impaired couples in the big city juggernaut Berlin - who meet, discover, and feel attracted to each other. A documentary portrait of Maine's 2009 Question One referendum, addressing the rights of same-sex couples to marry. Ducobu goes on holiday in the south of France. An adventurous young boy, Albert, is diagnosed with terminal cancer and given only a matter of weeks to live. While undergoing aggressive medical treatments Albert befriends a laboratory chimp, Simon, at the company his mother works for. Through this newfound friendship with the gifted chimp, Albert finds new hope and courage, and a strength that leads him to undertake one final great adventure. With the help of his brokenhearted mother, Albert breaks Simon out of the laboratory and embarks upon a journey that teaches Albert and all those around him a valuable lesson about compassion for all living creatures, and the powerful healing effects that this can have on our lives.  A woman tormented by ghostly apparitions and a professor of psychic phenomena investigate other-worldly disturbances and unlock the secret of a malevolent force reaching out for vengeance from beyond the grave. School is out and Greg is ready for the days of summer, when all his plans go wrong. What on earth is he going to do all summer? This latest installment of Babylon 5 is in two parts: the first, is about an entity that has possessed a worker. It wants to be exorcised but Col. Lochley prevents the priest &amp; sends it &amp; the host both back to Earth. The second is about Galen trying to dupe President Sheridan into assassinating the future Centauri President to stop him possibly attacking Earth in 30 years time. 13 year old kind-hearted Sonja arrives at a tiny village together with a company of bandits. But there is a curse on the village. A long time ago, the King's only daughter Goldhair disappeared while searching for the Christmas Star. The Queen died of a broken heart, leaving the shattered King all on his own. From that day on, the King cursed the Christmas Star, thereby causing darkness and grief to descend upon the land. However, an old sage has revealed that Goldhair is still alive, and will return only if the King finds the way back to the Christmas Star. Ever since, the King has been searching for the Christmas Star every Christmas, but all in vain. Brian is a 16 year-old who can't play basketball, but he still wants to play like his hero, Kevin Durant. At an Oklahoma City Thunder game, Brian gets chosen to shoot a half court shot which he misses and hits the mascot in the process. Later on, he gets a chance to meet Durant and expresses his desire to play just like him. When Kevin gives Brian the ball, the two  unknowingly switch talents. Ethan Bortnick plays the leading role as Nathan,a young boy who's separated from his mother when she goes missing during a trip to Japan to help after the tsunami. The movie explores issues like homelessness, military family life and adoption. Ethan co-wrote the music with Grammy award winning songwriter and producer, Gary Baker and will also score the entire film. Ethan will become the youngest actor to co-write the soundtrack and play the leading role in a feature film. When Army lieutenant, MARGARET PETERS (Lacy Chabert) goes missing during a tsunami rescue mission in Japan, back in Detroit, her son, NATHAN (Ethan Bortnick), discovers that his father GEORGE (Jonathan Bennett) isn't his biological father. Learning that Child Care Services could take him away, Nathan runs away before his father can explain. While George goes on a frantic search, Nathan takes to the streets of Detroit where he meets CAPTAIN MILES, a homeless Iraqi war veteran. Captain Miles takes the boy under his ... Where Heaven Meets Hell follows four of the nearly 500 sulfur miners working at Kawah Ijen, an active volcano in Indonesia. This intimate portrait chronicles their attempts to escape the endemic poverty and lack of education that haunts their community. Drawing strength from their families and their Muslim faith, the miners search for meaning in their daily struggles and triumphs. "Hercules Saves Christmas" takes us on a magical, fun-filled and touching journey. MAX MOOGLE, an adorable yet mischievous twelve year old boy... A year spent with choreographer Allison Orr as she rides out with and tries to persuade employees of the Austin Dept. of Solid Waste Services to collaborate in a public dance performance. The performance eventually takes place, in the rain, on the tarmac of an abandoned airport, with over two thousand people watching--16 trucks, 24 people-- and sweeps local art and performance awards. A documentary film detailing Glen Campbell's final tour and his struggle with Alzheimer's disease. Watch clowns, acrobats and sword swallowers train and compete for the top prize at the grandest of circus festivals held in Monte Carlo. A FilmBuff Presentation. For three long centuries Creeporia has lived in an immortal freeze. A timeless soul lost in the breeze. Now, one way to win back her life is if she can become the wife of one who'll gladly give their heart to such a vain, repulsive tart! The second way to end this game is if she can regain her fame. Should she become a star once more. Then this curse gets thrown out the door! Will this undead actress escape her curse? Frank (12) and his sister Caroline (16) arrive in mythical Attic Town in Shadowland, where the Great Syndicate is ruling and robbing citizens. An army of Shadows kidnaps anyone out after dark and the Patrolling Thieves make the daylight miserable for everyone. Attic Town is a place where the streets have no names and there is no turning back. Not realizing that they shifted in space and time, Frank and Caroline part, looking for directions. Wandering the streets, the boy meets Donlore, a young Patrolling Thief, and trusts this somewhat shadowy figure despite his first instincts. Caroline finds herself on a farm outside of town. She soon sets on a journey to find her brother and help him realize his mistake. She has to find him before dark. When the night falls, he will remain one of the dark rulers forever and there will be no way back. In the meantime, the underground opposition of Attic Town begins to revolt. A combination of fantasy and comedy, director Shohei Shiozaki's debut film is a youthful tale portraying the importance of friendship through the struggles of an immigrant family, while offering a beautiful celebration of Japanese culture. This quirky documentary film tracks art dealer Harvey Jordan on his obsessive journey to find out about the mysteries of 'Bible Storyland', an ill fated Bible theme park intended to compete with Disney in 1960s Southern California. Complete with dream sequences, animation and of course, a curse, this fun film plumbs the depths of the many facets of 'Bible Storyland', and it's affects on Harvey and his family. -- IMDb Plot: Bible Storyland (2012) Kindness is Contatious profiles bleeding-edge scientists and authors from UC Berkeley, Harvard and everywhere in between as well as real life people whose lives illustrate their incredible discovery: THAT KINDNESS IS CONTAGIOUS. Street performers, soup kitchen volunteers, police officers, models, CEOs, baseball players, roller girls, concert pianists, artists, and many more tell you their heartfelt stories of kindness and generosity. The shocking revelation is that nice guys do indeed finish first. Learn how a little generosity can help you live a happier, healthier, wealthier, longer and more fulfilling life. Written by Anonymous The Grounded movie tells the true tale of an Alaskan wildlife filmmaker's persistent curiosity and quest to test the claims of what appears to be an outrageously simple and "too good to be true" healing concept - physical, bare skin contact with the Earth - which may have been known by civilizations throughout history.  New research has started to confirm the unexpected, that the surface of the Earth has a healing power, like a gigantic treatment table. This heartwarming story follows two families that are brought together by tragedy but forever joined through faith. Devin Wheeler and Matthew Daniels are loving, hard working men who believe in God, family, and helping others. Their lives quickly turn into a search for peace and understanding when a single horrific event impacts everything that they have ever loved. While Devin looks to his faith for strength, guidance, and refuge; Matthew shuns his faith placing blame and demanding answers. As the landscape of their lives continues to change, each man handles the road ahead in a very different fashion. An unlikely friendship would soon form, causing both men to meet at a crossroads faced with the same question...Would you love God for nothing? England, 15th century. Hal, a capricious prince who lives among the populace far from court, is forced by circumstances to reluctantly accept the throne and become Henry V. Like always, Postman Pat is happily going about his duty delivering letters and parcels around the fictional town of Greendale. One day, auditions for the TV talent show, "You're the One", are held in Greendale, which Pat manages to pass. With Pat required to be away from Greendale whilst participating in the contest, various Patbot 3000 robots are deployed to take Pat's postal duties. This soon turns out to be an evil plot to take over the world, which Pat must now stop. FOREST TALE is a family film unique Finnish forests, the colorful and diverse life. film starring Forest by numerous individuals: the bears and deer, snakes and owls, ants, frogs and flying squirrels, the ancient soul of birds such as the Siberian jay, woodpecker and many, many others. Central role are also hundreds of years old trees. There is still a primeval forest is an impressive experience, and gives us a reason to respect the forest environment like the old days of his contemporaries did. around a campfire in the woods has always been told and listened to  This is an independent documentary film that tells the stories of Jewish people who were displaced by the Second World War, but concentrates on the vibrant cultural and family life they experienced in their youth that ultimately was most influential in their lives. It explores the connection between old age and childhood, asking questions about what remains of childhood in our later years, as well as engaging interesting issues of self- identity, Jewish identity, and the struggle to make any sense of our experience. It includes interviews with Shimon Peres, President of the state of Israel, Walter Kohn, Nobel laureate in Chemistry, Robert Aumann, Nobel Laureate in economics, and Children's book author Uri Orlev. Dave has the American Dream and hates it. His eccentric friends, quite happy with their bizarre way of life, struggle to pull Dave out of his depressed darkness! During 82 years Leontina has lived in the isolated lands of southern Chile. Alone, separated from an absent family and modern developments, she seeks refuge in her own world. We will learn her memories and her intimacy, her everyday rituals and her worldview. We discover a secret that takes her to the past and we join her back to the sea after 50 years. This documentary is a grandson's tribute to his grandmother. This is the third movie from the "Mijn Vader is een Detective" film series. A quirky caveman sets out on a journey to find his family after they accidentally bury him alive and along the way he meets a very unusual traveling partner; a Chicken. When are you ready to find out who you really are? At the age of 10, adopted Russian children Grego and Alexa Ammon are rocked by the murder of their father Ted in the Hamptons by their stepfather Danny Pelosi. Soon afterwards, their mother Generosa died of cancer. Now twenty years old, they decide to unearth their roots in the Ukraine. Orphans made orphans again, seeking their identities because even reality doesn't seem real, 59 MIDDLE LANE is a deeply felt documentary that charts the human need to connect and the mysterious journey it takes to move from tragedy to joy. A teenager pursues his childhood dream of becoming the best at reverse running. In this mind-bending 'Sci-Fi Noir' a daring physicist folds time to travel into the past, trying to stop a mysterious woman from stealing his invention. But once there, he uncovers a surprising truth about the machine, the woman, and his own fractured reality. VAMPIRE DOG is a feature length family film about finding courage and discovering that you belong.  Ace, a 12-year-old boy is new in middle school. His grandfather from Transylvania passes away at the ripe age of 99, and sends him his dog, Fang, to look after. Ace soon discovers that Fang is a vampire dog.  Professor Warhol, a mad scientist and her bumbling assistant Frank, try to capture Fang to steal his DNA, in order to look young. They are constantly in pursuit of Fang but Fang uses his superpowers to stay one step ahead of them.  During their adventure Ace shows Fang how to behave like a normal dog and embrace his vampire powers. Fang helps Ace open up and come alive again through his music.  Ace and Fang discover with the help of each other, when they face their fears, they can do anything. Original footage of the prosperous farming community of Glencoe, Minnesota -- 60 miles west of Minneapolis -- was filmed in 1979 for a PBS documentary. But for the next six years, Malle was too busy with other projects to finish this work. He returned in 1985 for a follow-up and found the community reacting to the mid-eighties crisis of overproduction in farm country. With weekly foreclosures on family farms and many families moving to the south, Malle documented a sense of frustration and apprehension from the same participants he had befriended in better times only half a decade earlier. The PS22 Chorus from Staten Island became a YouTube sensation when their teacher started posting videos of them singing on his blog. At their annual Holiday Concert they received a surprise visitor. Anne Hathaway was there to invite them to be the featured performance at the 83rd Annual Academy Awards! Once in a Lullaby follows these lovable fifth-graders from the streets and hallways in Staten Island to the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood, where creative differences, lost voices, and homesickness threaten their performance. Documentary exploring the horrific Carrollton, Kentucky bus crash, which killed 27 people, mostly children, and injured many others. It was the worst drunk-driving related accident in US history. Agnes is a woman who has reached her early 40s without ever venturing far from home, family or the tight-knit immigrant community in which she was raised by her widowed father. That begins to change in a quietly dramatic fashion when Agnes receives a jigsaw puzzle as a birthday gift and experiences the heady thrill of not only doing something she enjoys, but being very, very good at it. In a small village in the Republic of Moldavia, an old woman dies, leaving her son Petru and her granddaughter Anisoara behind. According to their tradition, the whole village mourns and bids farewell. After the death watch during a stormy night they make their way to the cemetary. The old men carry the heavy coffin over stony paths up to the sacred hill. The sun is high and the way seems endless, but against the thirst there is wine and against the grief there is singing. So in this landscape of paradisal beauty, joy mixes with sorrow and in the end, life stands above death  Inspired by the true story of the first giraffe to visit France, Zarafa is a sumptuously animated and stirring adventure, and a throwback to a bygone era of hand-drawn animation and epic storytelling set among sweeping CinemaScope vistas of parched desert, wind-swept mountains and open skies.  Under the cover of darkness a small boy, Maki, loosens the shackles that bind him and escapes into the desert night. Pursued by slavers across the moon-lit savannah, Maki meets Zarafa, a baby giraffe - and an orphan, just like him - as well as the nomad Hassan, Prince of the Desert. Hassan takes them to Alexandria for an audience with the Pasha of Egypt, who orders him to deliver the exotic animal as a gift to King Charles of France. A decadent upper class family of mother and three grown-up children who lives in one of the richest neighborhoods of Sao Paulo, Brazil, is faced with the past as the long estranged father, who supposedly was the cause of the family's ruin, returns and accommodates himself in the house as if nothing had changed. Climb aboard for an extraordinary version of Mark Twain's sweeping adventure when Walt Disney presents The Adventures of Huck Finn, starring Elijah Wood (The Lord of the Rings). Directed by Stephen Sommers (The Mummy, The Mummy Returns), it's the unforgettable saga of a mischievous youngster and a runaway slave Street dancer Skyler comes out of the shadow of her trained dancer sister, Tosha, & joins a dance competition with the Honey dance studio; the prize is a college scholarship. Eighteen-year old Ashley's life is headed in the wrong direction. She's been hanging out with a bad crowd and seeking an escape from the drama at home. Everything begins to change when a handyman working on the family's house encourages her to volunteer for a Christmas play with underprivileged children. Ashley finds purpose by helping people in need and uses that to help heal her troubled family. Together, they discover the impact one person can make through the gift of giving. A haunting sociopolitical drama blending fiction and documentary to elucidate the turbulent history of a Kurdish family. Mehmet (co-director Zeynel Dogan) lives with his pregnant wife in Diyarbakir, eastern Turkey. His father was fatally injured while working in Saudi Arabia and all he has left is an audio tape letter. Now he is to become a father himself, he visits his mother to ask about more of these cassettes but she's evasive, reluctant to upset Mehmet's view of his father with the whole dark story.  It's recruiting time and despite being short and scrawny, Johnny Walker is America's hottest young football prospect. His dilemma: should he take one of the many offers from college talent scouts or should he attend the local state college with his girlfriend and give up his football career? After ruthless gangsters wrongfully accuse him of stealing from them, a retired criminal has 24 hours to creep back into his past life and retrieve a bag of coke before his fiancee is killed. When a mythical device from ancient times is rebuilt by a group of Confederates who feel the civil war never ended, Mickey Matson and his newfound friend, Sully, must follow a series of clues left by his dead grandfather to keep the evil men away from the three mystical objects that power the device. If he fails, it could mean not only the loss of his family's home, but maybe the demise of our country as we know it. This sequel to the popular British comedy sees a new teacher (David Tennant) take over. When he enters his school in the National 'Song for Christmas' Competition, he and his pregnant wife, and the schoolchildren, embark on an epic road trip that ends up with a birth and a donkey, where he must embrace his fears and become a hero.  Old farmer Pesonen gets a kitten from his neighbour Mrs Kosonen and calls the cat Viiru. When Viiru starts to talk, the two become inseparable friends. Paul and Phyllis van Amburgh, believing that a small, family farm is the best place to raise their children, take their life savings and buy a defunct dairy. With three children and a fourth on the way and armed only with their principles and determination, they fight to defy the odds as they become full time farmers. THE FIRST SEASON, through an intimate, cinema verite style, bears witness to the Van Amburgh's struggle as they fight against relentless toil, financial ruin and the harsh reality of diary farming to achieve their version of the American dream. Alex Montoya is a man who has fallen away from the Christian faith. He finds himself in a destructive relationship and in financial debt which causes him to become involved in various con jobs. Jacob, a wise and loving Christian man, offers Alex a better way to live his life in hopes of allowing Alex to change his ways and reconnect with God. The special is an installment (there's also a Passover version) of "Bubbe's Boarding House," an educational program that was released on VHS in 1989. The 42-minute-long musical features a Sesame Street-style puppet cast of animals and people-like creatures, many of whom live together in the boarding house. In the Chanukah episode, siblings Zack and Muffin and their friend Chester come to visit their bubbe (grandmother in Yiddish) for the holiday. After breaking out of a rehabilitation zoo, Frankie, a squirrel with all the angles, returns to his forest. He learns from his dim-witted best friend, Cody, a porcupine and street-con, that while he was in lock-up, the entire forest was picked clean by The A.C.O.R.N.S. Institute (Alternative Cosmetic Oils for Regenerative Natural Skin-care). No acorn was left behind. With winter just around the corner, it's a potentially devastating blow to all forest critters. So, Frankie has no choice but to bust into the brand new, state-of-the-art, rodent-proof A.C.O.R.N.S. Processing Plant and take back all of the acorns! Though a seemingly impossible heist, success would not only save the lives of his forest friends, but it would also give Frankie a chance to win back the love of his life, Lola, a local "show squirrel." Sadly, Lola has been burnt by too many of Frankie's false promises in the past. In an attempt to revive old glories, Juan, a keen follower of the bolero has raised the idea of   a public concert: The Ultimate Bolero, in a majestic theater which can touch his soul and move his feet.. The Last Bolero brings us the life of a team of professional musicians in retirement seeking to organize a last concert that will create a great night, their last great night. Meet these great artists who want to take their last Bolero! I'm with Phil is a feature length documentary concerning a series of events that transpire in a small Alabama town with a very unique name, Phil Campbell. When Santa Claus loses his magical powers and becomes stranded in their barn, two children from a small farming community help him save Christmas before it's too late. Bill Mitchell is the philandering and distant President of the United States. Dave Kovic is a sweet-natured and caring Temp Agency operator, who by a staggering coincidence looks exactly like the President. As such, when Mitchell wants to escape an official luncheon, the Secret Service hires Dave to stand in for him. Unfortunately, Mitchell suffers a severe stroke whilst having sex with one of his aides, and Dave finds himself stuck in the role indefinitely. The corrupt and manipulative Chief of Staff, Bob Alexander, plans to use Dave to elevate himself to the White House - but unfortunately, he doesn't count on Dave enjoying himself in office, using his luck to make the country a better place, and falling in love with the beautiful First Lady... Honza was born in 1974 into the cheerless era of socialism in Czechoslovakia. At that time, his parents Jana and Petr lived in one room in the apartment of Jana's divorced mother and her widowed grandmother. A few years later, the family moved from Prague to Liberec where Petr found a job and a little house for the family. When Honza was born, his father began writing a family chronicle and he has continued to do so for 37 years. "Private Universe" show not only the life of one ordinary family, but also how the Czech society has changed in last four decades. Who are we, where do we come from and where do we go? Publisher Will Randall becomes a werewolf and has to fight to keep his job. A struggling waitress, straddling the edge of drug addiction, gets a reality call when the daughter that she gave up at birth reappears. Village At The End Of The World is a witty, surprising and ultimately feel good portrait of an isolated village of 59 people and 100 sledge dogs, surviving against the odds. In the 1960's, filmmaker Myles Jewell's grandfather, Phil DiNatale, worked relentlessly as an investigator on the case of the Boston Strangler. But despite Phil's meticulous investigative efforts, the case got caught in Boston's political cross hairs and was never officially solved. Now, fifty years later, Myles plunges headfirst into his grandfather's immense homemade detective archive to reveal never-before-seen details about the strangler investigation. Part historical film, part personal documentary, and part whodunit, Stranglehold tells the story of a beat cop turned famed detective, Phil DiNatale, and the long-lasting effect his investigative legacy had on his family for generations. A teenaged girl is executed for going against a king's wishes and honoring her brother's death. Ella and Friends second film adaptation Victor is both thrilled and mystified when his family moves into his grand-uncles somber mansion filled with African masks, taxidermy crocodile mounts - and a dark secret: Four decades ago, his grand-cousin Cecilia, at the same age as he is now, lost her life in the mansions impressive staircase, and the circumstances of her death still remain obscure. Woody Woodpecker is back with his signature laugh, wacky antics and wisecracks in the first ever live-action/animated film. Woody must protect his forest home from Lance Walters (Timothy Omundson) who starts building his dream mansion in the forest with his son, Tommy and fiancee Vanessa (Thaila Ayala). To make matters worse, he must avoid the clutches of two grizzly poachers. With a series of crazy hijinks to sabotage their plans, Woody proves he'll stop at nothing to defend his turf. Get ready for big laughs in this hilarious comedy about everyone's favourite woodpecker!  An intimate portrait about the iconic filmmaker John Boorman directed by his daughter Katrine. The story is told through the relationship of father and daughter, it is a journey about film making, family conflict, love and reconciliation. A little boy thinks of nothing but cricket. His father, Rusy, thinks of nothing but his little boy. To fulfill his sons dream of playing at Lords cricket ground, the honest and upright Rusy takes a reckless step. He borrows a gleaming red Ferrari. Just for one hour. The only trouble-- he doesnt inform the cars legendary owner. A wild, breathless, bumpy ride begins. A naive Rusy must dodge bullets and bouncers for one unforgettable night, and play the role of a perfect father. Can he do it?  Ferrari Ki Sawaari is a fun-filled story of small guys and their big dreams and how these dreams turn into a mad comedy of errors.  Fasten your seatbelts. The joyride awaits Set in rural Ohio, the birthplace of football, UNDERDOGS is the story of a small-town high school football team destined to play their cross-town rival, a perennial powerhouse, while standing up for an entire community. A contemporary musical version of the classic Cinderella story in which the servant step daughter hope to compete in a musical competition for a famous pop star. A family drama dealing with real life events. It tells the story of a typical middle class family living in the United States and the dramatic real-world issues they confront that threatens to break the family unity apart. A former honor student spirals down the deep, dark hole of an addiction to prescription pills. Pierre Dulaine, an internationally renowned ballroom dancer, is starting to fulfill his life long dream - to take his program Dancing Classrooms to Jaffa, where he was born. He is teaching 10-year-old Israeli-Palestinian and Israeli-Jewish children to dance together. Pierre recognizes that the future is built by children. By breaking the syndrome of hatred, he will change their lives, and hopefully, the community around them. In this elaborately mounted seafaring adventure, Rolfe is a Viking leader with the cunning and devious mind of a pirate. Rolfe tells others sailors of "The Mother of Voices," a mammoth bell made of gold and as tall as three men, but he adds enough incorrect details to throw them off the proper trail. However, Aly Mansuh, the leader of a group of ambitious Moors, sees through Rolfe's story, and soon the two are in a breakneck race to be the first to capture the precious bell. In Search of the American Dream is a riveting story of five children and their adult brother as they desperately race across Texas for survival after their undocumented parents, were caught, arrested, and thrown in jail in one fell swoop... deportation is only a matter of time. In Search of the American Dream tells the story of one family torn apart, and the fear and agony the children are forced to bear alone. In Nelson, New Zealand, twelve-year-old Ben plans to build the race winning Kiwi Flyer for this years trolley derby. But Ben's dream is shattered when his father is killed in a car accident returning home with the newly built trolley.  When cocky class-mate Shannon and his thuggish boy-racer older brother Shane who will stop at nothing to retain the trophy insult Ben's late dad, Ben is determined to enter the race and uphold the memory of his father. No overview given. Ah Bee, a former superstar motorcycle racer who gave up on the sport after a bad fall on the track left him physically and emotionally scarred. Now Ah Bee is a self-loathing, boozing, gambling layabout with a faithful girl named Maniu, a spunky tomboy who cooks his meals, launders his clothes and constantly reminds him of what a loser he is. Of course, she needles him in an adorably sassy way, making her one of those awesome in-the-movies-only girls who'll love a man faithfully even if he's a boozing, gambling layabout. 13 Million Voices explores questions of peace and expression in Cuba through the parallel story lines of a massive peace concert in Cuba and the journey of young independent actors who supported, experienced, and suffered for it. After her werewolf lover unexpectedly dies in an accident, a woman must find a way to raise the son and daughter that she had with him. However, their inheritance of their father's traits prove to be a challenge for her. The story of a father and his son, or how to pass on the work of a lifetime? A movie about culinary art, tradition and emotion. A boxer from berlin gets involved in several schemes. When trouble mounts, he relocates to Turkey. Between fear of success and a tricky break-up, Ludovic is beyond all hope as he is getting close to the 30's stage. His unexpected meeting with a sick child, Raphael, shakes up his daily life and his future approach. Together, they go after their dreams... When Eric and Marsha break off their long-term relationship, journalist Eric is able to weather it pretty well. He still has his long time canine companion Gabe, and his boss, Ms Andrews, wants to send him to London to open an office. But first Ms Andrews says Eric must find out the true identity of the best-selling author R L Dutton. A bigger obstacle for Eric's trip, however, comes from his dog. Gabe does not want to face six months in quarantine with big pit bulls and mastiffs waiting for an OK to the UK. Getting ideas from a pretty TV host, Gabe acts as Cupid Dog, doing his best to bring Eric and their neighbor Sara together. Gabe's plan works, only to go up in smoke when Eric realizes Sara is the mysterious author. Now Sara thinks Eric was just using her for a story before leaving for London. Gabe the Cupid Dog must go to new lengths to get Sara and Eric to tie the "leash." The movie traces three real-life incidents that took place in '80s, 90s and 2000s respectively through the stories titled 'Orphan and the Convict', 'The Farmer and the Nun' and 'The Terror and the Mom'. A cop and a crook are exposed to a DNA altering formula that switches them into each other's bodies and forces them to work together in order to switch back. A Documentary film about an American man that travels to the Dominican Republic. He does not know Spanish but is introduced to a Dominican woman and they fall for each other. They each have two children and now a new girl (Hibana) on the way. The audience learns the Dominican culture through following this very unique family as he learns Spanish and is introduced to an entire new way of life. She incorporates his Islamic faith with her beliefs and Catholic culture. The film has a dramatic twist that is sure to surprise all. Men and women have been stumbling headlong into parenthood since the dawn of time. With no formal training, no license required and no how-to manual, the results can be full of unexpected hilarity. And lucky for us, the cameras are rolling. Bob Saget hosts this side-splitting look at parenting in a one-hour America's Funniest Home Videos theme show. With cameos by his real-life parents, Saget shows us the parent-child moments nothing could prepare us for. A college student finds himself through a trial by fire. Fragmentary short by Heinrich Brocksieper.  Yellow Day chronicles a young man's life-changing and inspirational journey through the mysterious Yellow Day. To many, the Yellow Day is simply a fun day celebrating outreach at a kid's camp, but to some, God bestows visions and miracles, transforming their lives. For this young man, the Yellow Day becomes an imaginative adventure: showing him true heroes, challenging him to face his fears, find love, and inviting him to accept grace, so that he can be shaped into who he is meant to be. A mother struggles to keep things under control as her daughter dies of cancer, her estranged father suddenly returns, and her faith in God is put to the test. Inheriting her grandmother's remote island Inn causes Amanda to re-evaluate her life and decisions. A couple on the brink of divorce decides to keep their marital woes a secret as they help their daughter plan her wedding. As the two work together on the happy occasion, they soon discover that their own marriage might just be worth saving. Pip thought he had it all, a pampered lifestyle, huge mansion and adoring owners, that is until the Taylor family booked an African safari. Pip finds himself separated from his clan, which forces him to reluctantly adapt to a new way of life in the jungle. As he bridges the divide between feuding wildlife he learns that caviar and manicures can never bring the same happiness as friendship. Follows the life of Stephen Dobyns as he deals with life, women, and his move from journalism to poetry. Based on the award-winning novel by Rusty Whitener, Season of Miracles follows the Robins, an underdog Little League team through their 1974 season with newcomer and autistic baseball savant, Rafer. Team leader Zack takes Rafer under his wing despite taunting from their rivals, the Hawks. Following the events of Captain America: Civil War, Peter Parker, with the help of his mentor Tony Stark, tries to balance his life as an ordinary high school student in Queens, New York City, with fighting crime as his superhero alter ego Spider-Man as a new threat, the Vulture, emerges. This documentary follows seven wine-making families in the Burgundy region of France, delving into the cultural and creative process of making wine. You'll never look at wine the same way again. The summer break is over and the twins returned to Lindenhof. That has now changed a lot. Because Mrs Theobald had to travel, Mademoiselle Bertoux has taken the lead. High schoolers Mitsuha and Taki are complete strangers living separate lives. But one night, they suddenly switch places. Mitsuha wakes up in Taki's body, and he in hers. This bizarre occurrence continues to happen randomly, and the two must adjust their lives around each other. Dancing Queen is a 1993 British romantic comedy film starring Rik Mayall and Helena Bonham Carter. It follows the misfortune of Neil (Mayall), a bridegroom trying to get back to his bride with the help of his newfound friend Pandora/Julie (Bonham Carter) the stripper. It was the third episode of the first series of the Granada Television series Rik Mayall Presents. Room To Breathe is a surprising story of transformation as struggling kids in a San Francisco public middle school are introduced to the practice of mindfulness meditation. ENGLISH VINGLISH is the story of a woman who does not know English and is made to feel insecure by her family and society at large. Circumstances make her determined to overcome this insecurity, master the language, and teach the world a lesson on the way to becoming a self assured and confident woman. After a construction project begins digging in their neighbourhood, best friends Tuck, Munch and Alex inexplicably begin to receive strange, encoded messages on their cell phones. Convinced something bigger is going on, they go to their parents and the authorities. The three embark on a secret adventure to crack the code and follow it to its source, and discover a mysterious being from another world who desperately needs their help. The journey that follows will change all their lives forever. Martin Taylor has totally lost touch with his family. He has no clue who his teenage daughter's friends are, why his son only communicates with an electronic sign outside his bedroom door, or why his youngest child only watches faith TV. Convinced the family needs to reconnect, Martin surprises the wife and kids with a little experiment-he locks them in their own home with no power, no heat, no running water, and absolutely no contact with the world outside! The sudden holiday staycation isn't what the Taylors had in mind for the weekend, but they'll have to team up to prove they can survive Dad's wacky mission. With a heartfelt message and some persistence, one little member of the family helps put their priorities back in the pews, because they'll need all the faith they have to get through this! Following her mother's death, an 11-year-old indigenous Australian girl named Shay moves with her father and brother to Belgium. Shay finds that her grief is readily accepted in her new town, which still bears scars from World War I. A young girl named Oshin is sent to work for another family, because of her own family's financial condition. Nevertheless, the young girl lives strongly. Margaret (Sara Matos) and Rui (Lawrence Ortigao) after studying in England, are now returning to Portugal for a holiday camp, where they reconnect with friends from other times and participate in a Summer Festival. Missy M, Tatiana (Mafalda Portela) eventually gets in the middle of the couple, and live a romantic adventure with Rui. Written by Joao Ferreira The Little Ghost lives in the castle over looking a small town and awakens for precisely one hour after the clock strikes midnight. Follow him on this adventure to see his first sunrise ever! Two kids look to throw an ambitious dance show in order to save their struggling youth center. The story of the film revolves around the lives of two individuals -- Satvinder Kaur Bedi, a 68-year-old lady, and Oliver, her 10-year-old young boy neighbor. When they meet, they discover that both of them share some common problems regarding loneliness. Soon, they develop a strange but sensitive relationship which gains momentum over the period of time. The ways in which they overcome several hurdles in the form of age, language and culture, and finally communicate with each other to create an intimate long-lasting companionship forms the climax of the story. Irish American writer goes broke hustling his book, then finds his fortune in his Irish heritage. When little fish Kevin is swept up in a net and taken from his home in the vast oceans to the small glass fish tank of a restaurant, he must find a way to escape and make his way back home. Negeri 5 Menara is a film by Kompas Gramedia production together Million Pictures, which is an adaptation of a novel by Ahmad Fuadi entitled Negeri 5 Menara . The scenario was written by Salman Aristo is also the author of the screenplay Ayat- Ayat Cinta , Laskar Pelangi , The Dancer . Directed by Affandi Abdul Rachman This movie was filmed in Pondok Modern Darussalam Gontor Ponorogo, East Java , West Sumatra , Bandung , to London . This movie was released on March 1, 2012 . Failed architect, engineer and vicious murderer Jack narrates the details of some of his most elaborately orchestrated crimes, each of them a towering piece of art that defines his life's work as a serial killer for twelve years. Relangi Mavayya is a gentleman from a small village Relangi and he believes in human values and relationships. He has two sons Peddodu aka Mallikharjuna Rao and Chinnodu aka Seetha Rama Raju. Peddodu is an emotional guy and his maradalu Seetha is in love with him since her childhood. Whereas Mahesh Babu is a witty and charming young man and he falls in love with Geetha, the daughter of Rao Ramesh. But Rao Ramesh ridicules Prakash Raj for his low wealth and this strains the relationships between both brothers. In the end Seetha's marries Peddodu, Geetha's marriage is planned with Chinnodu and Geetha's father apologizes to Relangi Mavayya. She lives her own little world. Will it explode and disappear forever? The story of Tom Sawyer and Huckleberry Finn, placed in the years right after the Second World War in Germany. A tale about friendship and courage.  A Hispanic family find hope in their extraordinary son named Sailboat when a personal gesture awakens a global desire. Armed with a "little guitar", Sailboat leads an offbeat cast into the miraculous story of the greatest secret never told. The Garretts are the envy of most families in their small town. But when their 14-year-old daughter falls victim to a skillful online predator, the family's strength is tested as they search with Sherriff Brown and the Internet Crimes Against Children task force to find their missing child. A spiritual search for answers leads the filmmaker to a California workshop run by a guru who promotes sexual adventure -- and the existence of aliens. A runaway boy befriends a pack of homeless puppies. Together, they stop a bank robbery and find a family to adopt them all. Elelwani is a young university-educated woman who has been brought up in an environment steeped in tradition. Her parents have promised her hand in marriage to the Vendaking and, as a dutiful daughter, she wants to obey their wishes. But in order to fulfil her promise, Elelwani must abandon her dreams of travel, further education and - most importantly - her commitment to her one true love. Years after being disqualified in a big fight and leaving the country in disgrace, an Argentinean boxer returns to restore his honor and reunite with the young son he has never met. Hollywood is a hot spot for celebrities, and tour guide Scott Michaels (E!'s "20 Most Horrifying Hollywood Murders," FindADeath.com) knows their, well, haunts. DEARLY DEPARTED is an all-access tour of the "backlots" of L.A. - locations where the most infamous murders, suicides and bizarre crimes involving A-listers have taken place. The Viper Room, the site where "The Black Dahlia" was discovered, and dozens more legendary spots are explored in this funny and equally shocking ride into L.A.'s seedy underground. A married couple finds a human analog in their basement. The Analog appears to be a woman of the age of 20 but in reality she is a clone with the intelligence of a toddler. After being blackmailed by big business, the couple takes on the task to raise this analog and teach her what it means to be human. Emiri, a timid high school girl, is bullied mercilessly by her classmates, but when her friend, Asuka, stands up for her, Asuka becomes the target of the bullying instead. Emiri, not wanting to be bullied again, avoids Asuka. Worn down, Asuka attempts to commit suicide, but is saved by the school janitor and remains in a comatose state in the hospital. A water polo feminine team trains intensely for a final competition. Eva, the team captain, wishes to win, but has noticed strange behavior from her teammates ever since trainer Omar's arrival on the team. Eva tries to discover the truth, but has no idea that she is facing a supernatural force, hungry for blood and violence. Two estranged sisters are forced to live together when they inherit their father's struggling horse farm. The strain of reconciliation and financial difficulties put the future of the family farm in jeopardy. Laid-back baby boomer Yuichi (Ryo Iwamatsu) is a middle-aged manga artist and singer-songwriter when he isn't at his salaryman day job or watching out for his elderly mother. Suffering from increasing dementia since her husband's death, Mitsue (Harue Akagi) is a constant source of comic energy or annoyance for Yuichi, and he and his son must soon decide if they should put her in a home for the elderly. Jumping back in time, we see how Mitsue (played by Kiwako Harada) tracked the tumult of the latter half of the 20th century, being raised as one of 10 brothers and sisters, surviving the war, and having to push her alcoholic husband (Ryo Kase) along in life. "Pecoross" is directed by the oldest active film director in Japan, Azuma Morisaki, who creates an emotionally complex work that is only the more profound and life-affirming for its cartoonish portrayal. The 37-year-old Munich survivor and rickshaw driver Basti struck by lightning than one day unexpectedly the 17-year-old Dina from Bitterfeld turns up on his doorstep and quite credible claims to be his daughter. Moreover, they presented him her baby Paul and asks Basti, fearing further turmoil, not only attention, but also money. In a California desert town, a short-order cook with clairvoyant abilities encounters a mysterious man with a link to dark, threatening forces. Chellapandi, a communist, all of a sudden turns spiritual and is made the priest of his village. Mayilu, who loves Chellapandi, weaves a plot to elope with him. Whether she succeeds in this attempt and what happens to her life is what Mayilu is all about. Francisco Brennand is an eighty-five year odl, painter, sculptor and ceramist from Brazil. He lives and works isolated in an open-air museum set in an old ceramic roofing tile factory that belonged to his father. Based on his diaries, written over the past 60 years, the film narrates the artist's journey from the moment he moved into the factory until today. Thomas and his engine friends deliver some Curious Cargo - from giraffes and cows to birds and bunnies and more! Thomas meets a tall challenge while taking a giraffe to the Sodor Wildlife Center, Percy learns to be gentle with the animals of Sodor, and Belle and Toby discover the importance of listening to others. Join Thomas on his wildest adventures yet! A scientific experiment unknowingly brings extraterrestrial life forms to the Earth through a laser beam. First is the cigar smoking drake Howard from the duck's planet. A few kids try to keep him from the greedy scientists and help him back to his planet. But then a much less friendly being arrives through the beam... Based on the life story of Mahendra Singh Dhoni, and his journey to being the world cup winning captain of the Indian cricket team. 30+ interviews in 10 U.S. states with authors, collectors, journalists, professors, bloggers, students, artists, inventors and repairmen (and women) who meet up for 'Type-In' gatherings to both celebrate and use their decidedly lo-tech typewriters in a plugged-in world. Ustad Hotel is a quaint place run by a foodie named Kareem, who is fondly called Ustad, on a beach in Kozhikode. He sells biriyani - not to make money but to ensure that his biriyani has his customers Faizie's stay in Kozhikode continues for a bit longer than what he had anticipated and during his stay with his grandfather, Faizie unearths a real world that exists beyond the sea and its shores. The film is about the bonding between Faizi and his grandfather and how a few days with his grandfather and Ustad Hotel changes his life for ever. In pursuit of the best that the winter of 2012 had to offer, the Absinthe crew employed a dual strategy to both hustle &amp; hunker down waiting. In a year of erratic snowfall, there was no other way to slay. But by splitting up and spreading out across the globe in smaller groups, they stacked the odds in their favor. The strategy worked. Tight, agile crews tuned themselves to local frequencies enabling them to tap into record-breaking dumps in Europe, heavy sessions in the Pacific Northwest, Japan, and ultimately, Alaska. It was a winter with Resonance: new riders came on board, new locations were exposed and as always, the Absinthe cameras captured all the action on film. Fourteen year old Nim, more determined than ever to protect her island and all the wildlife that call it home, faces off against resort developers and animal poachers. Soon she realizes she can't depend on her animal cohorts alone and must make her first human friend - Edmund, who's run away to the island from the mainland - to save her home.  A modern Shakespearean actor must travel back in time to confront enigmatic forces from the past and future. When Joris (Martijn Nellestijn) and Boris (Richard de Ruijter) of a notary is an important but mysterious heirloom in hands, the duo goes in search of the precious possessions of their ancestors. While Inspector Jankers (Frederick the Great) thinks that the duo wants something naughty tricks, he follows them to the island of Cyprus. If George and Boris friends with Max, Michael and Anna end up in the hotel Aunt (Inge Ipenburg) and her sidekick Grudo (Bartho Braat). These two, however suspiciously interested in the quest of the group of friends ... When his wife dies, Carl offers his only son, Janeau, 12, a fresh start. They move to Mont Saint-Hilaire, where Janeau makes friends with Julie, a talented Pee-Wee hockey goalie determined to compete in the annual World Tournament held in Quebec. She convinces Janeau to join the team, but he has a hard time being accepted by the rest of the players, including Joey, the star player who has to endure constant pressure from his father. A film about the new board gaming, a phenomenon going on right under your nose, probably in your very community. This film will take you into that world to meet the players and designers responsible for this radical departure from technology. And you just might discover it's the hobby for you. Friends from the land of the Fairy Tale Tree become trapped in Winterland and must find 5 magical crystals to return home. A documentary crew follow the down spiral of a family on the verge of losing everything. In a part of America that rarely makes headlines, there is a small town with a group of teenagers who will captivate your ears and warm your heart. MARIACHI HIGH follows a South Texas high school's top ensemble, Mariachi Halcon, through one year of auditions and rehearsals, of heartbreak and joy, building to the state championship tournament, making a convincing case for the positive impact of in-school arts engagement on students' lives. One of the film's central themes is a connection between mariachi music for Latino youth and high achievement. As they compete and perform with musical virtuosity, these teens and the music they play will inspire, surprise, and bring you to your feet. With her husband jailed for Wall Street-based fraud, Faith has to leave behind her luxury life in New York to return home to North Carolina and the widower father and dutiful older sister she left behind.  Together, they have to deal with the buried emotions of sudden death of Faith's mother years ago, and learn to be a family again.  Like the Prodigal story, Heart of the Country is a tale of a father's unconditional love.  He simply wants a relationship with his children, and once that relationship is restored, he begins to create healing for his broken daughter.  Her marriage has to be rebuilt, her belief in herself, and her peace with her mother's death all come together through the quiet, selfless guidance of her loving father.  The novel, written by Rene Gutteridge from the original screenplay by filmmaker John Ward, takes us from the glamour of Manhattan to the open beauty of the fields of rural Columbus County, North Carolina as the timeless tale of the Prodigal Son is reborn!  This is a modern pirate story complete with a captain, a mutinous crew of outlaws, a princess, her wedding dress and untold riches. Only one thing is missing: the ship. According to legend, Vulchan, a 19th-century gypsy pirate, attacked three convoys laden with gold. He robbed them, sunk them and hid his treasure by the coast. Fast forward to present day. Captain Jack, an ex-con himself, leads a motley bunch of homeless outcasts--alcoholics and petty criminals--in a search for the hidden loot. But their hopes of riches and glory are threatened when the brother of the Bulgarian Prime Minister announces plans to build a new mega tourist resort by the Black Sea. Based on a true story, Agnus Dei is a kind of Oedipus of our days. Peter must find his way to redemption. But the past will make itself known and fate sparingly gives mercy. Can he save himself, or even be saved at all? Thin Lizzy in concert during their "Live and Dangerous" tour of 1976 in London. Based on the highly popular series of children books comes the cheerful film-comedy Teach! chronicling the funny misadventures of a young intern teacher at an elementary school. The family of Raymond, his wife Val and her brother Billy live in working-class London district. Also in their family is Val and Billy's mother Janet and grandmother Kath. Billy is a drug addict and Raymond kicks him out of the house, making him live on his own. Raymond is generally a rough and even violent person, and that leads to problems in the life of the family. When his grandfather's drive-in cinema and home in the outback town of Wyndham is threatened with demolition, a twelve-year-old Aboriginal boy must journey through Australia's bush country -- equipped only with ancient survival skills -- to stop the city developers. When a magic carpet is compelled by an enchanted ring stolen by thieves during a fashion show, the girls are taken on an unexpected journey to help find a genie lamp and to rescue it before it falls into evil hands. Along the way, the girls make a new friend, Alla, and help her discover the richest treasure of all - friendship! Compelled by the theft of an enchanted ring, a magic carpet gathers a group of girls for a magical journey in search of a genie lamp that must be saved before it falls into the wrong hand. Along the way, the girls meet a new friend who helps them discover that friendship is the most valuable treasure of them all. Totonel (10) and his sisters, Andreea (14) and Ana (17), are waiting for their mother to come back home from prison. As they grow up, each of them learns how to survive on their own, hoping that when their mother returns, the family will be reunited. Full Concert of Arctic Monkeys, in Argentina. When South Carolina closed its dams the striped bass origanally an ocean fish became landlocked and unable to go to saltwater. After several years, fishermen and biologists realized the fish were thriving and reproducing incredibly for the first time ever in freshwater. A young businessman, bent on success, loses everything and discovers a family that he never knew he had. Fidgety Bram (seven years old) thinks a lot about the world around him. He is very much looking forward to enter the first grade. But then he ends up in the class of the strict teacher Mr. Fish. The straightfoward Mr. Fish doesn't care about the inside world of the constantly moving around and unconcentrated little boy and does whatever it takes to make Bram do things the 'right' way. Bram's parents struggle with the question of how much they should expect their son to adapt without becoming completely miserable. The Snow Queen is a powerful story of friendship and the triumph of love over wickedness. The story follows a young woman who is forced to battle the wicked snow queen in order to save the soul of the man she loves. Larry hosts the biggest, the silliest, most excellent countdown of Silly Songs in the history of Silliness! Find out the #1 songs from first and second decades of VeggieTales Silly Songs, voted on by you - the fans!! PLUS witness the debut of an all-new, sure-to-be-favorite Silly Song picked from thousands of fan submitted entries! A muslim couple opens a butcher shop in Montreal and wishes to successfully integrate into Quebec society. But the butcher's father is an imam who sets up a little mosque in the back room and uses it to spread his fundamentalist views. When he is arrested by the RCMP on suspicions of past terrorist activities, his son, torn between love for his wife and allegiance to his father, gets involved in a plot to free him. Fed up by her husband's unwillingness to stand up to his father's wishes, the butcher's wife leaves to live a more fulfilling life away from the muslim community.  Raised in a broken home, Cody (Tim Torok) is a troubled man with a history of addictions and crime. While Cody serves time in the county jail, his mother, Pam (Penny Carlisi), begins to question her faith as she suffers constant grief from watching Cody's poor choices. Then, with the support of her prayer group, she realizes that only God can heal her pain, restore her faith, and save her son.  Bullied high school student Tommy is suddenly befriended by his chief tormentor, Matt, the school's most popular student and star athlete. Tommy is suspicious, but is forced to accept the awkward friendship in order to enter a cooking contest with a big prize. And besides, it's so much easier to impress his crush, Sarah, when he's not getting beat up by Matt and his team. As the cooking contest heats up, Sarah sniffs out a conspiracy, but nobody wants to hear about it. Can Tommy trust his budding friendship with Matt or is it all a huge joke on him? Jorge has no money or insurance when his wife needs heart surgery, so he decides to rob a bank. When Mel and Carey asked Rick to be their sperm donor, the three found themselves navigating the gray area Between Friends and Family. The Tentacle's Claw is the story of one man's quest to use the power of mind control to take over the world, and the one woman who could stop him. Dr. Demonious Horlack has set up his laboratory of horrors in a quiet, seaside town. The former Nazi scientist has devised a way to control simple creatures using the power of the mind. With the help of his assistant Gunda, he has gained power over a giant cephalopod, and is using the creature as his personal assassin. Fortunately for the people of the planet, there is a schoolteacher, Marie LeMay, living in the same town. As the traumatic tentacle attacks start to take their gruesome toll, Marie begins to unlock innate, psychic abilities. Her brain scientist boyfriend, Professor Dick Goodwin, helps her recognize the potential she has deep within the recesses of her mind. The stage is set for an epic, psychic showdown. But can she prevail... The Blue Apple Tree, is a Venezuelan film starring Diego, a city boy about 11 years, marked by serious emotional deprivation, which is forced to spend a holiday with his grandfather Francis (Miguel Angel Landa), who barely knows him, on a small farm in the mountains of the Venezuelan Andes. In the small town of Seacliff, Wash., a child's letter to Santa Claus captures the nation's attention. When the little boy, Chris, writes that he wishes to leave this world so he will no longer be a burden to his divorcing parents, a race begins to find him before he harms himself. It has been a year since XiaoLin's death. She has left behind her husband, YiFan and their 5 year old son XiaoBin. Like the picture book the mother left behind, day-by-day XiaoBin waits for the rainy season to come, if as a miracle will happen. Suddenly, one day in a deserted forest a phenomenal event happens. Right before the YiFan's and XiaoBin's eyes XiaoLin mysteriously appears, however she has no memory of her life and no sense of identity. Thus, to get back XiaoLin's memory YiFan talks about their past and rekindles what they had. As the rainy season comes to an end XiaoLin leaves her husband and son again. It's only after XiaoLin leaves the untold mysteries and events are explained and understood. Katsuya Maruyama (Hiraoka Takuma) is a middle school student boy full of obscene thoughts. He then meets Tatsuo Shimoi (Tsuyoshi Kusanagi), a single father who moves into the same apartment complex. Tatsuo Shimoi is a bit of an enigma, not getting along with the housewives in the apartment complex and doesn't appear to work.Through meeting the mysterious single father, Katsuya grows as a person. Johanka and Matyas have an unusual home. The two live among the animals and plants of an enchanted botanical garden in the middle of the city, but this idyll is under threat. To the children's horror, the mayor wants to build a theme park on the same spot. The Blue Tiger, an animal with magic powers, comes to their aid. Only he can protect the garden, but Johanka and Matyas must now stop the mayor from capturing their newfound friend. MODRY TYGR is a colourful, atmospheric and imaginatively told animated fairytale that inspires the viewer to reflect on natural resources and habitats. A woman who lives in a lighthouse takes action against her childhood sweetheart who runs a beach hotel. Two estranged sisters torn apart by their differences suddenly find themselves working together towards a common goal in this heartwarming drama...For years, overachiever Terri (Kristy Swanson) and her idealistic sister, Mandy (Alberta Mayne), have kept their distance from each other, as well as from their parents' struggling florist business. But when a tragic turn of events brings both women home, they discover just how much they need one another in order to continue their family legacy. Filled with romance, humor and hope, it's an endearing story about making time for the ones you love. Fifteen year old Megan Shephard and her parents will do anything to save their struggling farm. When they discover a wild stallion in a nearby forest they begin to wonder if this could be the answer to their prayers. Freemont Gordon isn't passionate about his successful Architecture job in Los Angeles. After he turns 30, he finds his job isn't enough and he quits and goes on a road trip. Along the way, he meets the most amazing and generous everyday folks. Freemont shows his thanks by building secret tree houses for the families in hopes of giving their kids fun places to play. Freemont finds that doing what he loves is what matters most. Karen, Kristel and Josje of K3 are overjoyed that their three nieces come to spend the weekend at their apartments. The joy quickly turns sour because the three girls appear to be spoiled brats. This attracts the attention of chief Angel Manuel. In the Cloud Kingdom, where the angels live, Manuel is the director of the Department of rascals. The children who are little rascal, should stay honest for 24 hour and strictly follow the rules of the Angels Book. Because if they do not, is a very special punishment.  Manuel orders his assistant Ture to change the three nieces' character, but he instead takes K3, by mistake. Now they need to behave for 24 hours, a task which reveals itself very difficult. Film and Sound by Antonia Kuo Champion is a "diamond in the rough" story about a dog named Scout, a cattle dog who decided she didn't like herding cattle. Scout's owner, Billy, a rancher struggling to stay in business, pegs her as a useless, broken tool and has every intention of replacing her. But when the rancher's city slicker granddaughter, Madison, spends the summer on his ranch, the two outcasts form a special bond that ushers Scout into the new arena of Dog Agility Competition.  With the help of a cute teenage farm boy, Madison uncovers Scout's uncanny skill at agility competition and the trio spend their summer training for the Annual Youth Trainer Challenge. When Max the Magician (guest star Will Arnett) comes to Sesame Street, Elmo and his friends are excited for a fun magic show! Max makes a scarf appear and cards disappear and Elmo, Big Bird and Rosita are amazed, but Chris points out what Max is really doing is subtraction and addition. This story highlights these math areas and is followed by the rest of a full hour episode complete with additional math and number films as well as favorite segments such as Elmo's World, Murray Had A Little Lamb and The Adventures of Bert and Ernie. Enjoy another full hour of a second math centric story "Hat Day" where Elmo and Zoe have a contest to see who can wear the most hats! Elmo and Zoe must count, estimate and even count by fives. This second story is also followed by the rest of a full hour episode including the spoof "30 Rocks" which has a counting theme. Elmo's World Hats and the classic Pinball Number Count series are bonus extras! Ty Hargrove wants to be a champion dirt track racer, but that takes money and support, two things he's short on. Ebeneezer Scrooge (Alastair Sim) contentedly meanders through his life as a cruel miser until one fateful Christmas Eve when he is visited by three ghosts. The spirits show him how his behavior over the years has made him a lonely, bitter old man, and how his heart has grown colder. Using events from Scrooge's idealistic past, dreary present and dismal future, the apparitions try their best to melt his steely soul. Tightfisted Ebeneezer Scrooge learns the error of his ways through the intervention of the ghost of his former partner and of the three spirits and, just in time for the holidays, manages to make everyone's lives a little brighter, his included! (The Title has been changed to "A Christmas Carol") A drama centered on a mother's relationship with her autistic son.  Rival toy store owners compete over several Christmas seasons, and God's grace goes to work in their lives. Treasure hunter Ben 'Finn' Finnegan has sunk both his trusty boat and his marriage to Tess in his obsessive quest to find the legendary 'Queen's Dowry' treasure. When he finds a vital clue that may finally pinpoint the treasure's whereabouts, he drags Tess and her boss along on the hunt. But Finn is not the only one interested in the gold--his former mentor-turned-enemy will stop at nothing to beat him to it. An espionage patriotic action thriller  Leo is 10 and wise beyond his years. A solitary dreamer who seeks refuge in books. When the carefree 20-year-old Theo steps into his life, it forces Leo out of his shell. Despite their age difference, the two becomes best friends, helping each other face up to their responsibilities. Abandoned, abused by the police and in the throes of withdrawal, Nadine, a drug addicted young prostitute, returns to her childhood home and the mother she ran away from. Nadine's mother, Delilah; a fanatical Christian who believes demons have possessed her daughter, searches for a "cure" for Nadine's erratic behavior. When she finds a rogue preacher willing to exorcise her daughter for a fee, neither realizes they have invited the devil into their home. While her mother turns a blind eye to the bizarre practices unfolding in her own home, Nadine, racked with mental and physical pain, has no choice but to put up with the preacher's increasingly violent charade. Age-old customs and traditions collide with a rapidly modernizing India when Hari, a small-town taxi driver, has an arranged marriage to a girl he has never met The sacrifice of self, the acclaim, the adoring crowds -- classical pianist Marika Bournaki fits the role. But the title of Bobbi Jo Hart's award-winning biographical documentary, I am Not a Rock Star, speaks to the contradictions of Bournaki's life. Shot over a span of eight years - following the pianist from 12 to 20 years of age - Hart's film amounts to a front row seat in the unfolding of a life and the forming of a personality. Shot in verite style in concert halls, hotels and airports around the world and featuring stunning piano performances, the film turns Bournaki's life into a visual narrative, revealing both the rewards and costs of a life dedicated to music Single mom Emma Sanderson is looking for a Christmas miracle to write about for the lifestyle magazine where she's landed a temporary job. Along the way Emma discovers unexpected romance with a supportive colleague and brings about a Christmas miracle for a lonely street musician. Children Without Parents is a work of autobiographical fiction, where the filmmaker Casey Puccini explores his relationship with his brazen siblings in the days right after their father's suicide. The orphaned adults soon enter into a match of emotional destruction, targeting each other's insecurities, and channeling the worst of their posthumous father's personality. Puccini plays himself in this heartfelt pre-enactment, revealing the destructive underbelly of family dynamics. ROLLER GIRLS an insightful complex look at this reemerging complex sport that has already swept across every state in the USA and found around the world . Set inside the secular underground world of today's Women's Roller Derby filmmaker Bob Bryan probes the gritty reality behind over three (3) dozen Derby women of varying ages and sizes, who have chosen to adopt super-hero and in some cases anti-hero persona's and attitudes to play this exciting, hard hitting and incredibly difficult and fast paced action sport. Guy Maddin directed this short biopic on the castrato known as the Manitoba Meadowlark, Dov Houle, who performed on tour with the film "Brand Upon the Brain!" Ninah is a runaway wife whose husband finds out she is pregnant. He comes to recover the dowry he paid or take home the woman he owns. By any means necessary. Born and Bred is a feature-length documentary film chronicling the lives of a new generation of young boxers fighting for their place in the American boxing capital of Los Angeles. "Kawdu and Bhulabai are a tribal couple living in a tiger reserve somewhere in Maharashtra. Their idyllic life gets a rude shock after Kawdu (Upendra Limaye), who had gone into the forest to fetch a medicinal root for his ailing baby, is arrested on charges of having killed a tiger. Desperate to save the life of her baby, Bhulabai (Vibhawari Deshpande) rushes to a Christian missionary, and showered with care and concern, embraces Christianity under the belief that this new god has different powers from her "own" gods, and will solve her problems.  However, freeing her husband from jail is another affair, and for this she is advised to seek the help of Naxalites living in the nearby forest, through whom she acquires a new deity--Karl Marx. Even as these new gods find their place on her altar beside Waghdeo and Naagdeo, the traditional nature deities of her community, the community itself shuts the family out for having dropped its own gods." - Aparna Pallavi A romantic drama set in Germany just before WWI and centered on a married woman who falls in love with her husband's teacher. Separated by the war, they pledge their devotion to one another. Tati is a typical teenager, unable to learn mathematics, but very intelligent when creating plans to escape the punishment of the mother. During the summer, she needs to hide that she has to do math classes to improve her grades, conquer Zeca, the most popular boy in school and also care for the heartache of her mother, who wants to try to find a new love. Miss You Can Do It chronicles Abbey Curran, Miss Iowa USA 2008 and the first woman with a disability to compete at the Miss USA Pageant, and eight girls with various physical and intellectual disabilities as the girls participate in the Miss You Can Do It Pageant. Abbey founded the annual Miss You Can Do It Pageant in 2004 and girls and their families travel from all around the country to participate in this one night where their inner beauty and abilities reign. One Dream, Two Brothers, One continent. Two brothers follow their dream of surfing the American Pacific showing the Continent as a whole, through its different cultures, villages, food, people, animals and landscapes while camping and surfing on their way back home to Argentina. Follow one man's 11,000 mile, 40 day journey across the American landscape to visit twenty families and individuals affected by autism while searching for answers for his own son. With interviews from around the nation that include the widest spectrum of backgrounds - each conducted in the participants' original language - the film weaves a broad and compelling tapestry across the spectrum of American life in all its faiths, disparities, colors, and cultures. What he learns along the way will change not only his life, but the lives of those he meets, forever. It's a story about the best days that still lie ahead for our nation, the families, and the people who give America its heart. Ostracized at her posh new uptown school and shaken by the death of her beloved grandmother, a 10 year-old downtown girl finds an unlikely mentor in the form of an irascible chess-master, who uses the game to teach Max lessons in resilience, perseverance, and how to embrace inevitable change. Uninspired and newly single painter Sara is down on her luck and wants nothing more than to get away from her problems. When she decides to take a trip to visit her mom, she becomes involved in the efforts to save a local church which is in danger of closing down. An elderly nuclear survivor from Bikini Atoll in the Pacific summons a mysterious ancient deity to help reunite his family. "Plastic Paradise" is an independent documentary film that chronicles Angela Sun's personal journey of discovery to one of the most remote places on Earth, Midway Atoll, to uncover the truth behind the mystery of the Great Pacific Garbage Patch. Along the way she encounters scientists, celebrities, legislators and activists who shed light on what our society's vast consumption of disposable plastic is doing to our oceans -- and what it may be doing to our health. The entire family stays at Dave and Sandy's home for the holidays. Kassandra wants a puppy for Christmas, but Mom and Dad aren't ready for that. Will Santa grant Kassandra's only wish for Christmas? Young student finds himself being transformed to a vampire after a night with a quite attractive female vampire. First, he does not quite believe it himself, but with the help of a 300 year old teacher and the handbook "vampirism - a guide to an alternative lifestyle", he finds out that blood does not taste as bad as he expected. On the Eastern border of the European Union, on the River Narva, separating Estonia and Russia, lies Crow Island. The Krenholm Manufacturing Company founded on that island in 1856 was closed down for good in 2010. There is not a single family in Narva that has not been affected by the bankruptcy of the textile factory. Unemployed men, homeless children, street beggars, drug addicts, thieves--these are the people that live in this Russian-speaking Estonian town. It is like a bad dream. Where can they find salvation? Soviet nostalgia dies hard in this town, as does rage caused by wasted lives. How can they build new lives from these ruins? Is it possible to do the impossible? When five sisters return to their home in Sicily to divide up the family art and antiques, all hell breaks loose. An Elf is left behind by Santa to help rescue the Harper family from a lousy Christmas. The Elf and the family get more than they bargained for, as the kids help the Elf discover his special powers and true identity as a budding superhero. No two friends are more different than Little Anna and the Tall Uncle. She is short, he is very tall. Little Anna is brave, the Tall Uncle is a scared cat. And yet there is nobody who Little Anna would rather go swimming with, build a tree house with or ride a motorcycle with than the Tall Uncle. And there is nobody the Tall Uncle would rather bake a yummy cake for than his best friend Little Anna. Sammy and Ray, leatherback turtles and friends forever, are enjoying an atoll's water and sand, shepherding new hatchlings Ricky and Ella out to sea. Suddenly, a poacher swoops in and ships them off to be part of a spectacular aquarium show for tourists in Dubai. The kingpin of the place, Big D the seahorse, enlists them in his plans for a great escape. But with their new friends Jimbo the bug-eyed blob fish and Lulu the snippy lobster, Annabel the sweet Octopus, and a whole family of penguins, Sammy and Ray hatch breakout plans of their own. That is when little Ricky and Ella arrive, determined to break in to rescue them. After a series of thrilling adventures and narrow escapes, our heroes head south to meet up with Shelly, Sammy's first and only love. 32 renowned Brazilian screenwriters of the contemporary Brazilian cinema talk about their creative processes. From the concept of script to their agreements and disagreements, going through their experiences with filmmakers, their reaction to the finished film, critic, and even controversies on auteurism. An out of work husband takes his wife's advice on exaggerating his work experience. When he does, he accidentally lands a job as a superhero. Now with no powers to speak of, he must become a hero as his city is threatened by a great evil. The movie tries to caution common man from becoming a prey to the designs of conmen and fake godman, says Rajendra Prasad. "The bitter social message is delivered with humour acting as a sugar coating and my role portrays how by a quirk of fate, a person turns into a godman and then a pawn in the hands of villains," he says. After her parents' divorce, Sabina was forced to follow her mother to Switzerland while her sister, Narmina, stayed with their father in Baku. Five years later, the 17 and 19 year old sisters are reunited when Sabina comes to spend he summer in Azerbaijan. Yet Sabina's vacation has a secret motive: she wants to move back home to live with the father she loves so deeply. He, too, has a project of his own: he wishes to marry for the third time and has to break the news to his daughters. Yedyanchi Jatra is an enjoyable portrayal of how villagers react to new developments in their locality like the launch of a Government sponsored "Village Sanitation and Cleanliness Drive" In Taiwan, there are over 36000 foreign workers on the run, hiding in the darkness and making money illegally. The government offers reward for runaways all over the island. Illegal employers, agents and foreign worker are put on alert. A new profession has therefore arisen: bounty hunters who capture illegal foreign workers... The final film in Rossellini's war film trilogy (the first two being Rome, Open City and Paisa). Germany Year Zero takes place in post-war Germany, unlike the others, which take place in German-occupied Rome and post-war Italy, respectively. The story follows a twelve-year-old boy, Edmund Kohler, who is mainly left to his own devices in order to survive and to help his family do the same. With the aid of a fellow Auschwitz survivor and a hand-written letter, an elderly man with dementia goes in search of the person responsible for the death of his family. Three young Inuits set off in search of a promised land to save their clan from starvation. A group of Maine dairy farmers--dropped by their national milk company--launch their own milk company in a bid to save their farms. Owned by the farmers and committed to paying a sustainable price for their milk, the company offers hope for the future of small farming. But faced with slow sales and mounting bills, can the farmers hang together long enough for the gamble to pay off? After a botched robbery, a local crime syndicate sends a rookie enforcer to take care of a loose end. When the hit goes sideways and his civilian girlfriend ends up missing, her brother, Rodd, a mild-mannered guidance counselor, conducts an exhaustive search through the city to find her. With the support of a martial artist instructor, Bruce, the pair consistently becomes overwhelmed by a violent outfit of criminals looking to silence them. However, Rodd has a mysterious and dangerous past of his own, and with the help of his friend, they formulate a plan to take on the organization in this nail-biting action thriller. Haunted by a tragic past, a dutiful son struggles to eke out a living while caring for his elderly alcoholic mother in Georgetown, Guyana. When DTB is trapped in a parallel universe by George W. Bush, he is put on trial by another Judicial Bush for all the wrongs he caused America from WWB1 and 2. What will the verdict be? When a high school football star is suddenly stricken with irreversible total blindness, he must decide whether to live a safe handicapped life or bravely return to the life he once knew and the sport he still loves. A mother dies unexpectedly leaving her soul split, one-half redeemable and the other in need of redemption. After spending ten years in prison accused of terrorism, Milagros is found not guilty and is released. During her detention, she was raped and became pregnant. Noemi, now a ten year old girl, believes her mother has been working abroad all this time. The film begins the day both meet. At first glance, Australians Jock and Dianne Chambers look like an ordinary couple on a trip around India. But their motives for being here are very different: they are searching for their son Ryan, who vanished in 2005 after staying in an ashram. He vanished without a passport, money or his cellphone, leaving only a note behind: "If I'm gone, I'm not dead. I need to free minds, but first I had to free my own." When a petty crime thrusts him into the company of a feisty eighty-one-year-old African-American woman named Rose Price, Grantham and Rose push the boundaries of their relationship, their lives, and what it means to love, as they take a road trip back to their roots.  After some years of tension, Richard begins a sexual relationship with his sister Natalie. Now married, the relationship proves dangerously obsessional. It's "Christmas time" at the Baker household, and Bailey is at it again. Worried that he will not get any presents from Santa because he's been a bad doggie, Bailey learns about a mysterious Native American Indian called the "Handsome Fellow," who may be able to make his Christmas wishes come true. With thoughts of tennis balls, stuffed animals and more dog bones then he can count, he sets out to find this legend, inadvertently dragging his brother along for the ride. But when Bailey's misguided missteps cause harm to Duke and even threaten their family's Christmas plans, Bailey must not only find a way to save his brother, but he is also forced to make a big decision... one that just might enable him to finally understand the "true" meaning of Christmas. The two friends Nora and Isabel, both disabled, try to lead normal lives. Strangely enough, it is their family, well-meaning friends and care workers who appear not to want normality at all. When Nora decides to marry her immigrant lover Amadou, her family does everything in its power to stop her. Underage lifts the lid on the insular world of a group of wayward Coventry teenagers in the early 1980s. In the run up to the summer holidays, struggling to make sense of their lives, the teens take solace in glue sniffing, drinking excessively, getting arrested or head-banging to Motorhead Ten year-old Abigail has written to the North Pole and asked for something very special this year something she has kept secret from her Mother. On Christmas Eve while her Mother sleeps, Abigail hides in her living room waiting to make sure that Santa delivers the correct goods. But when Abigail sees that he hasnt included her special gift, she pulls the trigger and activates her back-up plan. With an elaborate set of booby traps, Abigail captures St. Nick himself! Determined not to let him go until he provides the right present. A young father takes his nine year old son, the family dog, and two of his son's friends backpacking in the mountains of Colorado only for all five of them to be struck by lightning. A young man is madly in love with his mother, until he discovers a horrible truth about her sexual behavior. Experimental short by Marc Pelletier Two young men, Martin and Rudi, both suffering from terminal cancer, get to know each other in a hospital room. They drown their desperation in tequila and decide to take one last trip to the sea. Drunk and still in pajamas they steal the first fancy car they find, a 60's Mercedes convertible. The car happens to belong to a bunch of gangsters, which immediately start to chase it, since it contains more than the pistol Martin finds in the glove box. In this pygmalionesque musical, a drab secretary leads a boring life until a good friend intervenes. The friend begins a total make-over upon her friend. First she slathers her in mud-packs, and then she encases her in lovely silk dresses. Soon the plain woman is transformed into an extraordinary beauty. It is no surprise that her boss, not knowing her true identity, falls hopelessly in love with her. Singing, dancing and romancing ensues. Songs include: "A Picture No Artist Can Paint," "You Gotta Be Modernistic," "I'm Telling the World About You," "Maybe Someday," and "Can I Help It." Poor Ivan Olsen is plagued by problems bullied at school and constantly pursued by a gang whose greatest pleasure is filling his pants with water. And when Ivan gets home, his dad doesn't have much sympathy for him either because he is crazy about Tarzan and fails to appreciate Ivan's finer qualities. But one day Ivan gets the chance to live up all of his dad's expectations and give the bullies at school a lesson they will never forget. The big question is whether having superpowers makes life any easier? Wake Up Sid! is the story of a lazy Mumbai college student who does absolutely nothing, with a turn of events will Sid realize his potential in this world and become a success in the fast-paced life of Mumbai. An ex-football star, paralyzed from the waist down during Vietnam, accepts the challenge of coaching football in a juvenile reform school. For their bicycle tour to Catmoor, the friends Julian, Dick and Anne, their cousin Georgina, called George, and her dog Timmy have long looked forward to. But the camping holiday in the countryside ends with the kidnapping of Dick, confuse the two underprivileged hoodlums with the same age millionaire's son Hardy. With sophistication and courage, the five friends take on his trail that leads from a mysterious traveling circus to the castle "Owls Nest" where the kidnappers force Dick to coax the clue to a giant emerald. Tutajos is an excellent student whose parents decide to reward his academic achievements with a vacation to the countryside. Robbed of his gadgets and easy city-lifestyle, Tutajos finds himself completely out of his element - until a goodhearted ranger named Matula teaches him how to get back to nature. As Tutajos' best friend Butyok joins him on his vacation, the two boys learn the joys of camping, hunting, and living off of the land. The dogs of Doverville are in trouble again... but Emma O'Conner (Danielle Chuchran) is back to save them in a song-filled, seasonal extravaganza. Mean-spirited mogul Finneas James (Sean Patrick Flanery) plots to shut down the local puppy orphanage, unless Emma can come up with the money to save it. With the help of some friends, she races against time to put together a musical holiday event that just might save the day. Don't miss the new chapter in this heartwarming saga. A drifter helps a rancher's granddaughter find her true calling.   A horror film that depicts St. Nicholas as a murderous bishop who kidnaps and murders children when there is a full moon on December 5. A withdrawn young man, Leland Fitzgerald is imprisoned for the murder of a mentally disabled boy, who also happened to be the brother of his girlfriend, Becky. As the community struggles to deal with the killing, Pearl Madison, a teacher at the prison, decides to write about Leland's case. Meanwhile, others affected by the murder, including Becky and her sister, Julie, must contend with their own problems. A documentary comedy about serious issues we have with our stuff, Xmas Without China follows Chinese immigrant Tom Xia as he challenges his American neighbors to survive the Christmas season without any Chinese products.  "A Christmas Tree Miracle" is a warm-hearted tale that reminds us that in the holiday season, the best gifts in life are the simple ones, and that miracles do happen, if you believe. The son of a retired astronaut competes to win a seat on the next space shuttle. Beautiful and precocious Rivka is a twelve-year-old Jewish girl who believes in Jesus. She and her father attend a Messianic Jewish congregation in their community. But when her father suddenly dies, Rivka's life changes forever. She ends up moving in with her traditional Jewish relatives and attending their synagogue. From her stormy relationship with her uncle, to a meeting with the synagogue's senior rabbi, to the attention of the cutest boy in the synagogue, Rivka learns life lessons that stir her faith to new levels, touching the hearts of those whose lives she has reluctantly impacted. "The Sound of the Spirit" is the never-before-told story of a young girl caught in the crossfire of strong feelings between two faith communities. It's told with humor, compassion, and grace. Willy Wonka meets "The Breakfast Club" at Christmas. When kids become so bratty and self-centered that Santa's elves go on strike, Santa, in desperation, must bring six unscrupulous youths to his boot camp to help save Christmas. Houkago Midnighters is about a human anatomical model that comes to life at midnight in a school. For Chinese parents, finding out that their kid is gay usually presents a major tragedy, with the big majority utterly unable to accept the homosexuality of their son or daughter. However, during recent years a fresh rainbow wind has been blowing over the Chinese mainland: a pioneer generation of Chinese parents has been stepping up and speaking out on their love for their gay kids. This documentary features 6 mothers from all over China, who talk openly and freely about their experiences with their homosexual children. With their love, they are giving a whole new definition to Chinese-style family bonds. Looking for any way to get away from the life and town he was born into, Tripp, a high school senior, builds a Monster Truck from bits and pieces of scrapped cars. After an accident at a nearby oil-drilling site displaces a strange and subterranean creature with a taste and a talent for speed, Tripp may have just found the key to getting out of town and a most unlikely friend. In a town not so far away and a time not so long ago, baby Rose was left on the porch of Greenwoods Orphanage, where Mrs. Hartley (Nancy Stafford) and the children under her tender care become her family. But when tragedy strikes, Rose (Bailee Johnson) loses the only home she has ever known and she is abruptly shipped to Irongates--a place that seems as cold and cruel as her previous home was kind. The strict headmaster, Mr. Crampton (Edward Herrmann), immediately seems to dislike Rose--and makes sure she and the other children are punished for any minor infraction of his rules. Rose soon makes friends with Emily, but in spite of her gentle and forgiving nature, some of the children will take any chance they can to get her into trouble. When she learns that every Christmas Mr. Crampton's generous brother gives an orange to each child, Rose waits in eager anticipation. Francois Sim considers himself worthless and he may have good reasons for that. Hasn't he lost his job as well as his wife Caroline? Isn't he unable to relate to Lucy, his teenage daughter? Didn't he, when he was eighteen miss out on passion whereas the sexy, gorgeous Luigia opened her arms to him? Bhutan is known as the last Himalayan Buddhist Kingdom and one of the happiest places on earth. 'Crossing Bhutan' tells the story of four veteran athletes and their journey to explore Bhutan's enigmatic policy of Gross National Happiness by making the first 485-mile, border-to-border crossing of this isolated kingdom entirely by foot and bike. Thomas, the protagonist of this autobiographical film, lives with his husband Felipe in Geneva. They are both film students who love each other and also like women. However, these love triangles result in jealousy, and Thomas has a troubled relationship with his parents. This intimate and exuberant film presents an impressively honest and melodramatic snapshot of a phase in a life This is a heartfelt story of an older man who tries to realize his dream after losing his family, a friend and his job. In this John Nesbitt's Passing Parade short, a man recovers his lost memories when he is forced to relive events in his dreams. An inner-city boy joins a Boy Scout Troop and struggles to decide whether or not he should report a crime he witnessed. Franny is seven years old. Franny's mother's new boyfriend is 26 year old Nico, an aspiring filmmaker who couldn't even finish his graduation film. The first time they meet, Franny finds Nico in her mother's bed. From that moment on, Nico and Franny need to find a way to get along, love and hate each other - often all at once. Children's author Dorothy Gale makes a decent living continuing her grandfather's series of Oz books. When a new agent enters the scene, Dorothy moves to New York city. In the midst of a major business deal for her books, Dorothy discovers that her books are not based on her imagination, but on repressed memories. While Dorothy struggles with the revelation, she is forced to confront The Wicked Witch of the West, who has descended upon the Big Apple, determined to settle an old score. Arjun falls for Shalini at first sight. Initially, Liya resists his advances, but later falls for his charms. When Liya's uncle Nambi , a dreaded goon, gets to know about the relationship, he makes life hell for Arjun.  During the seventies, the massive arrival of television in the Brazilian countryside puts in jeopardy the business of running small movie theaters. Francisgleydisson is the owner of Cine Holliudy, and he must be extremely creative to keep his passion for cinema alive. A month's vacation with the family can mean a lot, which is what Lily realizes when she returns home after several years living abroad. Her mother, a character with an exceptional simplicity, forces her to visit their relatives, giving her a family tour through the abandoned landscape of her childhood making her explore her own frustrations, limitations and faults we all inherit. The film follows Kamala, a young woman from Chitkul village and her girl child Manya, who embarks on a journey leaving their native land in search for her missing husband. Along this journey she encounters Nawazudin, a free spirited army deserter who helps them to get to their destination with his own selfish motive. A flock of storks fly in the misty sky, all carrying white bundles. One of the bundles falls and a little girl called Juniper ends up in a strange world. This is the beginning of a wonderful, magical adventure as the girl tries to find out who she really is and where she came from. She finally meets an old troll called Rolli who tells the girl his own, eventful story. The girl and the troll become friends and together they encounter a dangerous threat against the fairytale woods. This is a universal tale of bravery and friendship that takes its audience through exciting plot twists, circus spotlights and the splendor of the fantastic forest. Craig and Smokey are two guys in Los Angeles hanging out on their porch on a Friday afternoon, smoking and drinking, looking for something to do.  George, a scientist living in Rotterdam is growing wary of the world of academia. The sudden death of an old friend is the incentive he needs to return to his African roots where he takes over a dilapidated field station in the jungle of Equatorial Guinea. There he meets an orphan boy with a sunny disposition who opens George's wary eyes to this colorful place. The boy plays matchmaker between George and the lady who runs the local orphanage and all seems rosy until an old friend of George's shows up out of nowhere to throw their lives into disarray as George discovers there are many obstacles on the road to redemption and a few more where the road runs out. With his father MIA at war and his mother critical in hospital, a young boy consoles himself with dreams of playing in the youth soccer league. To do so, he must overcome the adult deception, the bullying and his solitude. A set of novels about children and their parents. With Egypt Valley Church out of funds and out of touch with the community, pastor Evan Bennett sets out to change things for the better. But there's a problem... One family doesn't like change, and is willing to do ANYTHING to stop him. How far will they go to preserve the Status quo ? Emily arrives in Miami with aspirations to become a professional dancer. She sparks with Sean, the leader of a dance crew whose neighborhood is threatened by Emily's father's development plans. Crazed members of a sadistic family return to their childhood home to terrorize the new owners. BIG VOICE captures a tumultuous year in the life of a visionary high school choir teacher and his students as they overcome seemingly insurmountable obstacles to become one big voice in this inspiring musical documentary. A dense fog falls over Southern California, sending a group of discontent vacationers to a mysterious island occupied by a jolly old soul whose Christmas magic works all year round. Before this trip is over, each of the weary travelers learn to see their lives through a more optimistic lens. ~ Jason Buchanan, Rovi A film director, Jean, his producer, Marc, and his assistant, Lucette, board the Trans-Europ-Express in Paris bound for Antwerp. Once in their compartment it occurs to them that the drama of life aboard the train presents possibilities for a film, and they begin to write a script about dope smuggling. Subsequently, they see actor Jean-Louis Trintignant walking through the station. As seen through the eyes of Jean, Marc, and Lucette, Trintignant becomes Elias, the chief character in the script. Elias is going to Antwerp to pick up a suitcase of cocaine for delivery to an international organization based in Paris. The Incredibles tells the story of three everyday heroes: Broken Wing, The Iron Lady and Radioactive Woman. Three people who endure the adversities of life and who struggle against the most terrible villains: death, lovelessness and loneliness. Meet Rubel, fourteen years old boy smuggling rice from India to Bangladesh. He has to cross the river Ganga acting as the international border. The same river eroded his home in mainland. A father and son retrace the 1,000-mile Marquette/Joliet journey from the top of Michigan down to the Mississippi at St Louis. Based on a true story, they encountered storms, exhaustion and eventually they encountered each other. While spending the summer at her grandmother's farm, a girl discovers a talent for communicating with horses and tries to tame a fierce stallion. NBA player Mike "Stinger" Glenn plays himself in this wonderful film inspired by his real life basketball camps for the deaf and hard of hearing. In a unique casting deaf and hard of hearing, and hearing actors work together and deliver a film which is authentic, charming, competitive, and challenging. The film crystallizes the loss of American sovereignty and personal liberty while viewing events with a Christian perspective. Interwoven with nearly 20 expert speakers are historical re creations such as Washington crossing the Delaware and the Alamo. The film includes explosive new music by Charlie Daniels.Infused through out is a call to courage and hope, with an answer to the challenges presented. Seven adolescents take on the mission of filming, for one week, their family's housemaids and hand over the footage to the director to make a film. The images that confront us uncover the complex relationship that exists between housemaids and their employers, a relationship that confuses intimacy and power in the workplace and provides us with an insight into the echoes of a colonial past that linger in contemporary Brazil. West Lincoln is the story of the Santiago family. This is a family that is faced with the harsh realities of a young family member who becomes a victim of a fatal shooting. Josh Santiago Nava is an honor student and aspiring boxer. His hopes and dreams are shattered as a result of a horrible crime. This story tells how the Santiago family copes with this horrible tragedy and the conflict it creates between the communities of Lincoln Heights and West Lincoln. This is a portrayal of how family and friends are brought together in a time of crisis. Most importantly, it is a portrayal of how it changed lives in an inspirational way, especially a troubled, rebellious family member named Mingo. This was devastating for Mingo. He was devastated by the death of his closest cousin Josh. This story is all too common in cities throughout the United States. The Patels, members of the Gujarati farming community, are obsessed with migrating to the United States to buy a motel. Viscerally experience a "year off" in Aspen, Colorado with a group of recent college grads who have elected to defer graduate school and career opportunities to ski, snow-board, climb, party, fall in love and basically live life to its absolute fullest out in this spectacular mountain town. Two kids on the run from a scary life come across two adults running away from their past.  In a peaceful little clearing, the remains of a hastily abandoned picnic sparks a battle between two tribes of ants. A bold young ladybug finds himself caught in the middle. He befriends the leader of the black ants, Mandible, and helps him save the anthill from the assault of the terrible red ant warriors, led by the fearful Butor. A fantastic journey at ground level... Eskil moves from town to town with his father in Northern Sweden. He misses his mother and sucks at playing hockey, the main activity among the boys his age. Things changes when he meets Trinidad, a mysterious woman who lives outside society spending her time building a great ship that perhaps could take Eskil to his mother... Forty-one years after lovers Marcel and Marijke parted, a letter of request arrives from the Municipality Search Service looking for Marcel, who has now transitioned into a woman called Marcella. Opening the vaults and archives of World War I, this program reveals the truth behind the official story. In war, nobody's innocent, and these documents reveal the darkness behind even the most heroic figures and the nations they represented. From covert deals between warring governments to the first weapons of mass destruction, top secret information is revealed, adding a new dimension to the conflict known as the "war to end all wars." A team of misfit kids playing at a baseball park are caught in a meteorite strike that burns the fields, leaving them unharmed but believing they are endowed with special powers. The Moomins along with Little My and Snorkmaiden had a sea journey that after storms and desert island dangers leads the family to Riviera, the place that takes their unity to the test. The life story of Ogg, a male wolf living in the northern mountains of Israel. When Hollywood "Big Wig" DJ Miller heads out on a luxury vacation, his plans "accidentally" go terribly awry. He ends up on the other end of the earth and out of his element, but he learns that there are no accidents. Along the way, DJ meets a cast of characters that touch his heart, make him laugh and cause him to rethink everything that he has ever known and thought was true. His journey takes him through the highs and lows of a life that he never knew existed, and he will ultimately be put to the test when tragedy strikes. When teenagers Rachel and Grace travel inside a super-powered rainbow to China, they disturb nature's balance. Using Rachel's connection to the energy of the rainbow and with help from their new friend Xiao Cheng, they must race against time to save the Earth. The semi-autobiographical story centers on the complexities of love and commitment in a family torn apart when faced by an unexpected tragedy. Novalee Nation is a 17-year-old Tennessee transient who has to grow up in a hurry when she's left pregnant and abandoned by her boyfriend on a roadside in Sequoyah, Okla., and takes refuge in the friendly aisles of Wal-Mart. In short order, some eccentric, kindly strangers "adopt" Novalee and her infant daughter, helping them buck the odds and build a new life. All Alza Bennett wants is to get home to her estranged family for the Easter holiday, but an auto mishap leaves the high strung executive more than 700 miles short of her destination and standing on the doorstep of a grizzled, reclusive farmer named Lincoln, who's goal in life is to be left alone. After a deal is struck the mismatched pair sets out on a three day odyssey of misadventure along the highways and byways of America where they encounter rat infested hotels, convenience store hold ups, rural rabbit stalkers and a starstruck couple from a local trailer park. Best of all, they are forced to encounter each other as the two worlds of the princess and hermit collide at each and every turn. A humorous retelling of The Story of The Prodigal Son, told through the eyes of a young woman looking to make amends while she searches for the road back home. A documentary by Fatih Akin about turkish immigrants in Germany. Manal is the lovely young daughter of a grocer in an isolated, run-down Cairo neighborhood town bordering a garbage dump.  Both Zaki and Mounir want to marry her.  Instead of letting Manal choose, the boys challenge each other to a soccer match in which the winner will gain her hand in marriage.  Despite his family's baffling generations-old ban on music, Miguel dreams of becoming an accomplished musician like his idol, Ernesto de la Cruz. Desperate to prove his talent, Miguel finds himself in the stunning and colorful Land of the Dead following a mysterious chain of events. Along the way, he meets charming trickster Hector, and together, they set off on an extraordinary journey to unlock the real story behind Miguel's family history. Marko, Adi, Aco and Dejan hag out in front of block of flats in Fuzine. Marko is pissed because he quit playing basketball and because the sexy TV presenter doesn't notice him and because his father Radovan is going to beat him up for quitting basketball. Adi is irritated by the fact that his brother Sanel id a drug addict and because his father Mirsad prefers to shang waitresses somewhere in Austira rather than to deal whit this. Makarovicka chefur girl gives a hard time to Aco and Aco would like to tak a revenge on Damjanovic - bus driver. Dejan is anxious because his mother Sonja wants to move to Slovenske Konjice. Policemen stop the boys one night and their world starts to disintegrate. A fugitive drifter (John Garfield) hired by a Texas oil driller (Pat O'Brien) becomes his rival for the boss's daughter (Frances Farmer). Stars Seth Pruski, Rich Swingle, Jason Cockerham, Danielle Duncan, Susannah Ely, Andrew Cook Jacob is tired of living on the family farm, submitting to the rules of his father. One day he demands an early inheritance from his father, who shocks his young son by agreeing to give it to him. So, he heads to the big city doing things his way without restraint, and for a while he does well-surprisingly well. He takes huge business risks and converts his small fortune into a big fortune, despite his extremely flamboyant lifestyle that attracts the wrong women, including seductive Laura, whose rich boyfriend Frank is often dangerously nearby. Jake had it all: money, ladies, prestige-but then-he loses it all and just when he things he's hit bottom the bottom drops some more- until he is eating out of dumpsters and eventually ends up living in a literal pig pen. Coming to his senses he heads home, determined to work in an entry level position for his dad, who surprises him once again by running to him-but is it to kiss him or kill him? A business executive gets mixed up with a killer female and her lesbian roommate, who plot to take over his fashion business. Every cloud has a silver lining and Aarohanam showcases the brighter side of a mental disorder, along with all the trials and turbulence of such a life. In an age where the morbidity of poverty has been vehemently publicized, this film strives to unassumingly uncover the true essence of Indian culture while offering a raw and intimate experience of family and community life in the Indian slums. Tomboy Shreya coaxes her widower father Dev to take her to their ancestral village in Haryana something he is not too keen about. Eventually she gets her way and along with her dad, her brother Sam and granny, she reaches her destination only to understand why her father had been putting off the trip for years. Three young men try to escape the reality of their everyday lives and succeed in ways they had least expected. After a small airplane crash lands in a remote area of Central China, several passengers survive, including a Chinese boy and his American guardian. As they wait to be rescued, they soon encounter the mysterious Yeren-- an elusive ape-man creature rumored to have inhabited the Shennongjia mountains for many centuries. When ruthless poachers arrive to capture the Yeren, our heroes must decide if the unique creature is their friend or foe. Another spoof of the Scream/I Know What You Did Last Summer horror gene involving a group of popular high school students stalked by a bumbling masked killer while a dogged reporter named Hagitha Utslay covers the story and of the plight of the prime suspect and transfer student Dawson. Wile E. Coyote suspends his chase with the Road Runner to explain to two young boys watching him on TV why he wants to catch the speedy bird. When a 17-year old aspiring dancer is uprooted in her high school senior year, she finds herself divided between two boys, and she will have one last shot at making her dream a reality. Based on the best-selling novel, A CHRISTMOOSE STORY brings to life the tale of an unlikely friendship between a young boy and a large, talking moose. Young Max has low expectations for his first Christmas after his parents' divorce, when suddenly a large moose crashes through the roof of his garage. And if that isn't strange enough, the moose claims to have fallen from Santa's sleigh! But being friends with a moose isn't all that simple. Especially since Max's grumpy neighbor has no interest in hanging stockings for Christmas but would love to hang up a pair of moose antlers, and Santa is out there somewhere looking to get his sleigh back! Five people who never met are convened by a notary for the reading of a will, and learn they are all brothers and sisters, children of the same father. They'll share a large inheritance if they can deliver the ashes to their father's favorite lake in Arizona. David Sieveking left home years ago to make films. Now he has returned - and for a reason: To help his mother, Gretel, who has Alzheimer's, and relieve her long-time carer and his father Malte for a few weeks. The filmmaker takes on the role of carer and documents this encounter with his camera. Gretel no longer knows the people around her, but her puns and charm have not faded. The time spent with his mother becomes a journey into David's unexpected family history. Once active in Zurich's left-wing scene, David's parents enjoyed a lifelong "open relationship", characterised by a loving distance and mutual respect. VERGISS MEIN NICHT is a film about dementia, but it's first and foremost a declaration of a love of life and family. After her husband leaves her, a woman travels to London for the funeral of the pop star, Victor Fox, she's adored all her life. There, she meets the lover of the dead pop star, and convinces him to come back to Chicago with her to figure out who killed the singer. Written by Anonymous Filmmakers of "Pandas: The Journey Home" were granted unprecedented access to the Wolong Panda Center in China. Meet all of the pandas at the center as they get ready for their new lives in various parts of the world, and learn about their fascinating habits and personalities. The First Nations girl Shana is a very gifted musician. But to bring her violin to sing, she must follow the wolf. Nino Jacusso has filmed this captivating coming-of-age drama with sensational beauty and spiritual tenderness. BP is about four teenage friends (Avya, Bhagya, Chiu and Dolly), who over hear that, a friend, a resident of their colony, Jyoti tai, has left their colony, as she has brought disgrace to her family.  Having received unsatisfactory explanations from their parents for Jyoti tai's exit. It becomes imperative to find out what exactly was her disgraceful act. Kids decide to take up this challenge.  In this journey to discover, they end-up bonding little too much with their over mature school-mate 'Vishu', the guiding star for the foursome. He enlightens them by throwing his divine light upon blue films. He feels, one has to read, watch, and if need be, perform to understand the true meaning of life (read SEX). Sundarapandiyan , who has finished college and goofs around in his village with friend Murugesan , decides to pitch in when Arivazhagan seeks his help in wooing Archana . But she rejects Arivazhagan and also another suitor Bhuvaneshwaran. Complications arise when she says she has been in love with Sundarapandiyan for a long time. Paatti is a 2013 Tamil Family subject written and directed by Rameshkumar The film uncovers a part of the Holocaust that was once thought to be unrecorded, but thanks to Washington D.C. Holocaust Museum's work there is now documentation and photographic evidence of what life was like behind the fences of the death camp at Auschwitz. This film profiles a series of contrasting photos - one series portrays the banality of evil, while the other profiles the horror of life behind the wire. Gabriel tells the story of an archangel who fights to bring light back to purgatory - a place where darkness rules - and save the souls of the city's inhabitants. Thiruthani Movie story is about a youth who is very selfish and self centered. Two sisters in their early thirties find themselves isolated in the Aegean summer cottage of their childhood, as they must deal with their uneasy sibling relationship and confront their devastating recent past past. Tori is a blonde princess who is bored of living her royal life, and has dreams of becoming a popstar. Keira, on the other hand, is a brunette popstar who dreams of being a princess. When the two meet, they magically trade places, but after realising it is best to be themselves. Cameron Esposito decided to do something a bit different for her bachelor party: record her first standup special. Filmed in Cameron's hometown Chicago just two days before her wedding, the special covers everything from the secrets of a women's locker room to gun control to marriage equality and proves that, yes, Cameron Esposito is Marriage Material. Helene, Mathilde and Ben Scappini take to the road. Their destination: the house in which they grew up. It is an ideal occasion for the brother and sisters to get to know one another... Uma loses her husband at a very young age and faces many hardships. The only support she gets is from her brother-in-law.  In Sid's very first film debut, Sid and his classmate Gabriela enter a contest and win the exclusive opportunity to visit a new modern science museum before it opens to the public. Family - In this family tale based on a true story, a woman who suffered a violent pit bull attack comes to terms with the harrowing experience by adopting a puppy that was severely beaten, burned and left to die. -  Emmanuelle Vaugier, Burgess Jenkins, Andrea Powell The valedictorian of a prestigious school begins her post-college life during the recession When a couple sets out to build their dream house, they enlist the services of an uncompromising modernist architect, who proceeds to build HIS dream house instead of theirs. Relations between two families from different social backgrounds, where neither fathers nor mothers communicate. Despite all, their only son and only daughter befriend and eventually fall in love. Chintoo, a sweet and naughty boy lives in an upper middle class, lively neighborhood with his parents. This eight-year-old is extremely popular in his group. Pappu is his best friend and Mini, Raju, Baglya, Neha and the toddler Sonu all together are the unbeatable 'Wanarwede Warriors' The Club of St. Nicholas is surprised when Amerigo, the horse of St. Nicholas, can suddenly talk. They want to discover how this is possible, but before they can find out how this has happened, villain Jef Vandenaere steals the horse. He is hoping to win a talent contest with it. But St. Nicholas' eve can't continue without Amerigo! Will the Club, with the help of Stijn, succeed in finding the horse back on time? And can St. Nicholas' eve still be celebrated this year? David, a waiter, finds an unpublished manuscript in a dresser drawer. To impress a girl, he claims to be the author. When the novel becomes a best-seller the real author introduces himself in his life and begins to take-over David's life. 2013 Italian comedy Yeh Khula Aasmaan[1] (English translation: This Open Sky) is a 2012 Hindi-language film, directed by Gitanjali Sinha and produced by Hemendra Aran of Gitanjali Creations. The film stars Raghubir Yadav, Yashpal Sharma, Raj Tandon and Anya Anand. After bouncing back from leukemia, 10-year-old Mike is ready to leave the hospital, but his mother never arrives to take him home. After the tragic death of his ex-girlfriend, Kyle Foster struggles to accept the responsibility of being a father to the young daughter, Teigan, who they had together. Amidst pressure from Teigan's grandfather Bill for legal custody and Kyle's desire to pursue his dreams of being a professional musician, he strives to find his way. As the details of their complex history emerge, the pain and resentment Kyle and Bill feel for each other blinds them to the love they share for the little girl who connects them. As their unwillingness to reconcile threatens to tear her away from both of them forever, their journey becomes an odyssey of redemption, commitment and forgiveness as they discover what is most important in their lives. Singing sailor Hannes, who entertains the crowd in St. Pauli's Hippodrom, promises his dying brother to take care of his ex-girlfriend Gisa. Taking Gisa to Hamburg to live with him, Hannes slowly falls in love with her, but soon has to face Gisa's affection for Willem. Dayalan is a newly appointed teacher of a government school in a village. He is unhappy with our education system and is also worried about the pitiable condition of education of government schools. After he joined the school, he tries to change the environment of the school. This is not welcome by Singaperumal who is Assistant Head Master (AHM). Dayalan's decision for the change does not go well with other teachers and students as well. But Dayalan's good moves were slowly noticed by Pandian. Sensuous Eva keeps quite a few of the villagers on the go and likes to stir up trouble. But what else can she do in such a sleepy village where even her best friend Katharina no longer has any time for her. When Eva is found dead, the whole village is in turmoil. The presumed killer is quickly arrested: Clemens, the sexton of the local community and a peeping-tom. Katharina becomes more and more suspicious when she finds one of Eva's earrings in the church. Does Christoph - her father - have something to do with the murder of her friend? Joe and his sergeant fall for the same girl. In the vein of MEET THE PARENTS and GUESS WHO'S COMING TO DINNER, ANITA HO follows down-on-his-luck Harry Ho, who finally decides to propose to his girlfriend, Anita, on her 30th birthday. But when Anita decides to spend her birthday in Las Vegas with her entire family - who has never met Harry - the fireworks begin! Unbeknownst to the young couple, Anita's traditional Chinese parents have a nice Chinese doctor in mind for Anita, and they don't approve of Harry, an unpaid Korean writer. Three college students find solace and healing in the arts, overcoming their personal history with mental health. In the last days of 2012 everyone is talking about the end of the world. This doesn't seem to affect the routine of Wachi, a grumpy watchman. However the arrival of Tesla, an impulsive fifteen year-old girl, does. Tesla, Wachi, an a lively 80 year old called Trini, spend the last days of 2012 together, sharing a bond despite, their differences. When a child gets hold of a loaded handgun, someone often dies. Last year, 24,000 Americans lost their lives to handguns...and 3,600 of them were children. This profoundly disturbing documentary tells the stories of five handguns that killed five children--and how their deaths might have been prevented.  Two years after the death of his beloved wife, Pat O'Brien (Tommy O'Neil) summons his children back to their homestead in the west of Ireland. Fionn (Liam McMahon) travels from New York, Gareth (Emmett Hughes) from London, and daughter Una (Slaine Kelly) returns from Dublin, fearing the worst. Pat is not the only family member bearing the burden of a secret. The O'Briens is a modern comedy about a dysfunctional Irish family and the town they grew up in. After a chance phone call leads to daily conversations, a widowed restaurant owner and a lonely film actor plan to finally meet in person. Punjabis live larger than life. A successful young man must return to his childhood small town in Texas to help his father. His father, who's ill, wants him to take over the family business, a dilapidated bar. Secretly the young man wants to burn down the bar because he blames it for the death of his own mother and the illness of his father. Honest, introspective comic Simon Amstell digs deep and delivers a uniquely vulnerable stand-up set on love, ego, intimacy and ayahuasca. An all-new Disney holiday classic is born - Santa Paws 2: The Santa Pups. Starring a brand-new litter of the cutest talking pups ever - Hope, Jingle, Charity, and Noble - it's perfect for the whole family. When Mrs. Claus travels to Pineville, the playful Santa Pups stow away on her sled. Taking mischief to a whole new level, they begin granting joyful wishes to Pineville's boys and girls, but something goes terribly wrong - the Christmas spirit begins to disappear. Now the Santa Pups and Mrs. Claus must race to save Christmas around the world. From the creators of Disney Buddies, this magical, heartwarming tale is brimming with hope, cheer, and Christmas spirit. Written by Paws Director Elaine Velazquez's award-winning 1991 film provides an intimate and compassionate look at the Yiu Mien, Southeast Asian refugees who originally settled in the Pacific Northwest in the wake of the Vietnam War. In their ancient society in the mountains of Laos, this hill tribe had no electricity, cars, or any other twentieth century technology. Their involvement with the CIA during the war forced the Mien to lose their homeland and resettle in the US. Coming here, they were catapulted from one century into another, shifting their ancient mountain homeland and the mindboggling complexities of Western, urban living--everything from apartments and new food to freeways and shopping malls. Through the words of the elders and rare archival footage, we glimpse a moving, not so often seen story of the immigrant experience. "SHReD' is the inspiring story of 6 year old skateboarding prodigy and viral YouTube sensation Asher Bradshaw, and his father's struggle to make his son's dream of becoming one of the youngest sponsored skaters ever come true. Come and join us as we follow Asher on the ride of his life!" This is not a story about a loving grandmother. Based on a true story, it concerns a group of boys who grow up together playing basketball in tournaments and driveways - and end up on opposite sides of the proverbial fence, playing for rival high schools. Then another twist occurs when each high school yields a championship team - pitting the two against one another in the finals and forcing the young men to learn the importance of family, friendship and a great deal more. 'A Body Without Organs' was shot intimately with the director's father and mother over a one and a half year period at their home in Florida. It is a portrait of their lives in the present, along a continuous present marked by frequent incursions into various pasts, real and imagined. My father has no colon. He is a narcoleptic. His friends are all dead. His life is dreamt. In the house there is my mother. There are the cats. And then there is a body without organs. When a petty thief learns that his latest mark is a struggling single mother who works at a homeless shelter, he decides to use his savvy street smarts to make this Christmas one to remember for her and her young son. The Gift is a feature-length film exploring a major transformation in peoples' relationships with animals. Jason's idea of romance is planning anonymous gay hookups through a chat room, while his roommate Chad wants to find Mr. Right. When a friend shows Chad how to access the chat room, he meets someone named "Hook-Up Boy" who seems very familiar. The two men are soon falling for each other online, but what will happen when they finally "meet"? The grandfather welcomes us into his blue grotto, there was still beautiful memories of childhood to tell Kirikou: the times when he helped the men and women of his village and elsewhere ... He tells us how Kirikou, thanks to his bravery and intelligence, came to the aid of the strong woman. He tells us by what trick the little hero found the grumpy old man, who had been lost in the bush, and how a cherry threatened by the witch was finally able to pass on his knowledge to the villagers. We also discover the secret of a mysterious blue monster, and finally through a flute linked to the family of our small and valiant heroes, the magical power of music. This movie follows the efforts of three kids, coming from unprivileged families. They are small children with big hopes and dreams.  Amir is a young boy who lives with his mother and sister. He sells newspapers to help his family with the daily expenses. One day, he reads a newspaper and decides to enter a painting competition. The name of the paper he is going to do his painting for, is "Rooster Trademark".  Ali is Amir's best friend. His passion is football and he works in a bakery. Every day, between his jobs, he goes to a football field where young boys practice to become professional football players.  Maryam is Amir's sister. She is a creative girl and dreams of becoming a filmmaker.  Will the three manage to achieve their goals? From Director Brandon Ho &amp; Writer Joseph Reidhead comes the Romantic Comedy "Missed Connections" a story about love, identity, the universe, and well, sandwiches.  Marc Reid (Kevin O'Keefe), a discouraged romance novelist, is setup on a blind date with girl named Melissa by his over excited sister Julia (Sarah Kent). Marc, a little less than enthusiastic, ends up picking up Jessie (Tatum Langton) instead of Melissa from the apartment complex. As the night unfolds Jessie and Marc meet up with old friends Gary (Bryce Chamberlain) and Mary (Renny Grames) and make a couple of new friends along the way.  Things are complicated by Jessie's boyfriend Trent (Lawrence Fernandez). But will Jessie and Marc be able to find love? Can Jessie help Marc rediscover romance and his passion of writing or are they cursed to simply be another missed connection? The story of the soldiers and aviators who helped turn the tide of the Second World War during the iconic Battle of Midway in June 1942. Drama - The time is the 4th century B.C.E. and Persia is one of the most powerful nations in the Middle East with its beautiful capital, Shushan, a jewel in the crown of King Ahasuerus. Everyone enjoys peace and harmony, except the treacherous Haman, the King's chief adviser. One day he decides to exterminate all Persian Jews. Queen Esther and her wise Uncle Mordechai thwart his treacherous plot. Jewish victory over Haman is now widely celebrated by all Jews during the holiday of Purim. For decades, American touring ice shows dominated family entertainment with their dazzling production and variety acts. This documentary honors them through interviews and archival footage, and depicts one skater's quest to keep this history alive. Little One is a story about ordinary people living day to day in a poverty-stricken environment where despite the crime and tough living conditions there is still hope and love to be found. LOOK AT US NOW, MOTHER! is about the transformation of a highly charged mother/daughter relationship from Mommie Dearest to Dear Mom, from hatred to love, as told through the filmmaker's story. The film is an unflinching look at the complex bond between mother and daughter. It reveals insights into family behaviors, patterns and generational, societal, cultural and individual histories. The film takes the audience on a journey spanning decades and continents, filled with conflict and emotional land mines. Told through biting humor and raw honesty, this is an intimate story about family dysfunctions and forgiveness. Chris, an exceptional student, is expelled from the school and suffers the neglect of the ones he loves after he commits a crime. Chris meets two lonely and dangerous new young friends that will lead him to explore the dark sides of his personality and to exploit his physical and emotional limits. The friends will experience a world without hope, living in a violent sociological environment that will create the conditions for the three of them to star looking for dead as the only one way of escape of their frustrated lives. Detectives in the special investigation team in Kanagawa go after criminal organization "Red Venius," based out of Yokohama. While pursuing the gang, the detectives turn into children due to exposure to a special gas. Dekachou (Fuku Suzuki) and the other detectives continue their investigation via an order from the National Police Agency. "Red Venius" then gives notice that they will they will assassinate the President of Tadzhikistan in Japan. The Passage of Time is a very personal look into the perspectives of real individuals in regard to the subject of growing older. The subjects who participated in these conversations range in age from 12 to 101. Differences in family, social relationships and upbringing are addressed in the beginning of the film. Later both the positive and negative aspects of aging are addressed. The subjects express their fears as well as the joys that can be experienced in old age. The Roughnecks tells the story of the Fort Worth Ridglea Roughnecks, one of the oldest and most intense Pee-Wee football teams in Texas, as they set out to win the Youth football 'Super Bowl', their last chance at a title they narrowly lost last year. The crew of a bankrupt Scottish trawler turn to smuggling illegal immigrants over the stormy waters of the North Sea. After leaving the British Secret Service, David Somers (played by Trevor Howard) finds work cataloging butterflies at the country house of Nicholas and Jess Fenton. After the murder of a local gamekeeper, suspicion (wrongfully) falls on their niece, Sophie Malraux (Jean Simmons). Somers helps Sophie to escape arrest and they go on the run together. After a cross-country chase they arrive at a coastal city with the intention of leaving the country by ship. All's well that ends well after the true identity of the murderer is revealed. Live registration of the concert of Kyteman in the Oosterport, Groningen, the Netherlands. This concert was took place as part of a tour after the release of his debut album "The Hermit Sessions" 12-year-old Pelle accidentally gets bitten by an ant and develops unimaginable superpowers. With help from his friend, comic book nerd Wilhelm, Pelle creates a secret identity as the superhero Antboy. Slowly things start to happen in the surburban community, and when a scary and crazy supervillain, Flea, enters the scene, Antboy must step up to the challenge.  The first Danish superhero-movie. Based on the books by Kenneth Bogh Andersen. Victor is a struggling playwright and theater director and his girlfriend Mary is expecting their first child. He has a temporary job in construction to make ends meet, but the dusty, dirty job exhausts him. Across town, Mary is a manager in a tony Madison Avenue boutique. The young couple is about to move out of their bohemian apartment in Brooklyn to the suburbs, all funded by Mary's father. As Dad keeps buying buying them things they could never afford, Victor's sense of entrapment grows. His inner struggle to meet their expectations seems to be guiding him towards a way of life he is unwilling to accept.  Delivery boy Mickey encounters Minnie washing clothes and singing. He stops for a quick song and dance with her. Meanwhile, Pluto gets tangled up in tar. Mickey sends a beehive flying; it lands on his mule, who kicks Mickey's instrument-filled wagon into the air. He plays a march or two on the piano with Minnie, with many animals playing along. When Dr. Doofenshmirtz's latest invention causes the Marvel heroes to lose their powers, they team up with Phineas and Ferb to save the world from Doofenshmirtz and the Marvel villains. Captain Kang is a story about a man who happened to live a dreamlike life and another man who lost his dream by an accident that changed the lives of both men forever. With two aging fishermen, KANG goes on fishing every day and night as if only the weight of a fishnet proved his existence in the world. KANG's teenage son Jong-Jae, a promising baseball talent is now living with his parents while unenthusiastically supporting his father's business. Having lost his dream, Jong-Jae feels that his life in a small harbor city is suffocating while KANG moans inwardly for the son, as he feels responsible for it. The two men's respect and affection toward each other is not spoken outweighed by the guilt and responsibility for each other. As the winter nears, hiring a sailor becomes hard and Jong-Jae is forced to be on his father's ship. In the middle of the sea, the father and the son realize that there is nobody else but each other to rely on. An orphan who practices hypnosis faces off against a bank robber who wants her book on the art form.   The Genius of Marian follows Pam White in the early stages of Alzheimer's disease. Her son, the film maker, works with her as she attempts to write a book that tributes her mother, the artist Marian Steele. Documentary - Who said Grandma can't jump?  Follow a basketball team made up of fiercely competitive grannies as they battle physical limitations, cut-throat competition, and social stigma all for the love of the game and each other. -  Debbie Antonelli, Judy Barton, Elizabeth Byrd In the morning hours by the river a young man meets a mysterious woman.  Bailey has settled into his new country home and has a crush on a dog from the other side of the fence. When her brother Felix is stolen, Bailey and his brother, Duke, set out to save him before he gets sold at the exchange in historic Cowtown. Will Bailey rescue Felix and win the love of his sweetheart? Just like the changing colors of the Blue Mountains through the changing seasons, the film explores changing human emotions and journeys beyond mere winning or losing in life. Velma is unhappily married to Sam Patton, a millionaire roue. Aboard his yacht bound for the South Seas, Sam pays more attention to his guests than to his wife, and she flees when he attempts to force liquor on her. A sudden paralytic stroke renders him helpless, and she believes him dead. A storm comes up, and Velma is washed ashore on a desert isle. She is later joined by Lieut. Paul Mack, whose hydroplane has run out of fuel. They fall in love, but their idyll is broken when they are captured by a band of moonshiners. Filmmakers Alastair Fothergill and Keith Scholey chronicle a year in the lives of an Alaskan brown bear named Sky and her cubs, Scout and Amber. Their saga begins as the bears emerge from hibernation at the end of winter. As time passes, the bear family must work together to find food and stay safe from other predators, especially other bears. Although their world is exciting, it is also risky, and the cubs' survival hinges on family togetherness. Bee People provides an in-depth look at the people who are facing the many challenges facing bees, making a difference, and urging everyone to join them on a planet-saving mission. Who are these bee people? Why do they do it? (Are they nuts?) What compels them? And what is the solution they propose? Featuring Gregg McMahan aka "The Bee Guru": One part rock-star, one part bee evangelist, Gregg is the most passionate member of the Bee People community you're ever likely to meet. Once a vibrant part of American culture, drive-ins reached their peak in the late 1950s with almost 5,000 dotting the nation. Although drive-ins are experiencing a resurgence, today less than 400 remain. In a nation that loves cars and movies, why haven't they survived?  April Wright's lovingly made documentary--filled with archival images of hundreds of open and closed drive-in theaters and interviews with theater owners and cinema luminaries such as Roger Corman--attempts to answer that question. A shocking film about antipersonnel land mines and a barbarous complacency. Every year hundreds of men, women and children are wounded or killed by antipersonnel land mines. My Child, My Land denounces the use of this hideous weapon. It particularly denounces the complicity of the industrialized nations. If such a horror exists, it is because someone has invented it, and someone else has manufactured it. Can we imagine such barbarity behind the faces of our neighbour? our father? ourselves? This hard-hitting animation film demands that we ask ourselves these questions. A young girl and her brother come of age at their great grandmother's house in Virginia during the 1940s. After a family tragedy, a young girl moves from New York with your younger brother to live with their great grandmother on a Virginia farm and comes closer to understanding the land and roots that inspired her father's writings while discovering herself, the love of family, and the power of truly believing. An optimistic ex-con reinvents himself as an alternative medicine doctor with hopes of impressing his family. But his plans go awry, and soon everyone's embroiled in this comedy of errors set in the heart of Cajun Louisiana. Johnny St. James was a young seminary student who lost his wife to a drunk driver. With his reason for living gone, John lost his faith and turned to alcohol. Ten years later, John is finally read to get his life back on track. With his best friend Hickey ('Eric Roberts') in tow John attends his first AA meeting. He soon finds that his road to recovery tested when he runs into the man who ran down his wife. Joselito is a shepherd who lives happily taking care of his sheep in the mountains. From time to time he goes down to the village where his parents live. His mother always expects him but his father is never there. When Joselito discovers the real reason for this absence (his father spends all the money the boy carries home in drinking) he decides to quit everything. Then he associates with Pepino a sympathetic rogue who believes that the voice of the shepherd is going to provide them a lot of money Soo-Kyung (Lee Yo-Won) works as a reporter. She has an older brother, Sung-Ho (Jeong Man-Sik), and younger sister, Joo-Mi (Esom). She thinks of her two siblings as burdens. One day, Nak (Jung Joon-Won) appears in front of them. He is their youngest sibling.  When Chelsea meets up with her estranged childhood best friend, Milla, she's unprepared for the events that follow. Milla, who is now a webcam girl briefly catches Chelsea on camera during one of her shows. Unbeknownst to her, Chelsea has now been exposed to a watcher who becomes obsessed and will stop at nothing to have her to himself. When David accurately foretells the death of their teacher and says God told him, Lyle devises a plan to find out if God really exists. A struggling family's dynamics are challenged and a unique friendship is born when a small-town Texas handyman becomes caregiver to their son with cerebral palsy. Four characters living in one neighborhood in London - all living dramatically different lives, all of them on the edge - see their stories unfold. Detective Hazel Micallef hasn't had much to worry about in the sleepy town of Port Dundas until a string of gruesome murders in the surrounding countryside brings her face to face with a serial killer driven by a higher calling. A story of family, community, music and tradition set against the backdrop of Branson, Missouri, the remote Ozark Mountain town that is one of the biggest tourist destinations in America. Get ready for a hilarious fun-filled adventure as 10 year old Caden and his best friend, Charlie, a golden retriever, set out on a wild escapade around town thwarting the evil plans of the bumbling town bullies who are out to break into Caden's Dad's toy shop to steal his new one-of-a-kind toy invention that could literally change the world. A mysterious spacecraft captures Russian and American space capsules and brings the two superpowers to the brink of war. James Bond investigates the case in Japan and comes face to face with his archenemy Blofeld. In this fun family comedy, a village rooster's punctual (and loud!) crowing keeps everyone awake until a group of sleepy locals hatch a scheme to get rid of him. Ayalum Njanum Thammil is a story of a committed senior doctor and an irresponsible junior doctor and through their relationship, a picture of the medical profession is drawn vividly. Prathap Pothan portrays the doctor who, by his absolute devotion to his profession, lives a lonely life and Prithviraj appears as the junior doctor. An ex-con reunites with his estranged wayward 16-year old daughter to protect her from drug dealers who are trying to kill her. A young married woman from Montreal's Orthodox Jewish community finds freedom from the strictures of her faith through her relationship with a young man who is mourning the death of his estranged father. When a man and a woman swap jobs and cities temporarily, they face many problems large and small, but their phone calls develop into romance. A documentary exploring the importance of revival cinema and 35mm exhibition - seen through the lens of the patrons of the New Beverly Cinema - a unique and independent revival cinema in Los Angeles. Mahanathi story is about an average man who loses his children, life and properties to overcome a hardship. During the holidays a recent widower and struggling children's author makes one last push for his career while trying to take care of his two little girls. Riccardo Gatti, an Italian opera singer and lover-divine with voice to match, is the idol of all the women in Vienna,and is the man every woman is after. So, what's wrong with Mary Newberg, who keeps running away from him ?  Unbroken Glass is a documentary about filmmaker Dinesh Sabu's journey to understand his parents, who died 20 years ago when he was six years old. Geraldine is a fairy who lost their wings by using unconventional methods in their missions. His last chance to retrieve them will be the mission "Julia". The islands come to New England in this major concert event filmed in Connecticut with an impressive lineup of reggae superstars laying it all on the line, including Beenie Man, Captain Barkey and Wickerman, Chuck Fender and Future Trouble. Other reggae acts taking the stage include Sammy Dread and Frankie Paul, Butter Flex, Bounty Killer, KC Jockey, Tanto Metro and Devante, Richie Spice, Cobra and more. Zou Zou tries to help her childhood friend prove his innocence after he's accused of murder. Directed by Ian Gabriel, "Four Corners" revolves around a 13-year-old chess whiz drawn into the Cape Town's well-known child-gang culture. Touted as the first film to delve into the 100-year-old war between South Africa's so-called Number gangs, the 26 and the 28, it blends the Sabela, Tsotsi-taal and Cape Afrikaans dialects and mixes established talents with non-actors and first-time thesps from schools and communities across the Cape Flats. Leaving her seemingly glamorous Hollywood life on hold, Evie Lee is forced to return to her small hometown of Balsam Falls, Tennessee and her family's once-thriving Christmas tree farm to attend her father's unexpected funeral. As the eldest sibling, she finds herself executor of an estate that owes a massive inheritance tax, much to her younger brother's dismay. Torn between pursuing her music career and saving her family's legacy, she must decide what it really means to find her place in the world. Charleene Closshey stars amidst a colorful cast including Robert Loggia, Tyler Ritter, Booboo Stewart and Naomi Judd in this heart-warming musical holiday tale about facing your past, rediscovering your voice, and fulfilling your dreams. French anthropologist Jean-Charles Pommier and his wife have come to LA so he can take up a position as lecturer. To his surprise he encounters a group of urban nomads. As he investigates things become more unsettling as he realizes the price paid for being civilized. Shimajiro to Fufu no Daiboken: Sukue! Nanairo no Hana (shimazirouto huhuno daibouken ~sukue!Qi Se noHua ~?, Shimajiro and Fufu's Great Adventure: Save the Seven-Colored Flower!) is a 2013 Japanese children's live action/anime film. It's the first film to feature the character Shimajiro. The film is directed by Isamu Hirabayashi and was release on March 15, 2013. A film that tells the story of the birth of the co-operative movement in Rochdale 1800s En is an 18-year-old who has lost his father to cancer. As his family is drawn together in a sudden tragedy, he has to decide what he believes in. But in a country where ideologies are forged on constantly shifting sands, he struggles to stay true to what he knows to be right. And in a family that prefers to forget, the sandcastles of all he holds dear seem doomed to be washed away by the tides of time. Kids raised by parent on different sides of the law must unite to bring down a group of bad guys that have been kidnapping mobster's pets in order to take over the mob. When the old-old-old-fashioned vampire Vlad arrives at the hotel for an impromptu family get-together, Hotel Transylvania is in for a collision of supernatural old-school and modern day cool. A bullied teen stumbles into possession of a top-secret government formula that turns his dog invisible and gives it the power of speech. A mysterious talking cat uses its powers of communication to enrich the lives of two different families, and bring them together. Since the invention of cinema, the standard format for recording moving images has been film. Over the past two decades, a new form of digital filmmaking has emerged, creating a groundbreaking evolution in the medium. Keanu Reeves explores the development of cinema and the impact of digital filmmaking via in-depth interviews with Hollywood masters, such as James Cameron, David Fincher, David Lynch, Christopher Nolan, Martin Scorsese, George Lucas, Steven Soderbergh, and many more. The subject of Death of Place is 16mm film's direct on film techniques, migrated into the digital realm. Its story catches half articulated childhood memories of reading and writing, the visceral material traces and gestures of a lost practice and life. Just by watching Lupe stuck at home in her robe and slippers, no one would will guess that in the 80's she was a rock star. Gone are the times of concerts, fame and success. Agoraphobia does not let her leave home. She depends entirely on Paquita, his mother, a superstitious Mexican, with a huge heart, which not only takes care of his daughter but also her teenage grandson. The problem is that Paquita is running out of time and she doesn't  want to leave without getting her daughter back. The story of the American music dynasty, the Carters and Cashes, and their decades-long influence on popular music. You find yourself turning 30 without being initiated into the mysteries of love. What happened? LOVE ALIEN is a filmmaker's radical, subjective look at his life's problem. Accompanied by his camera, he explores the unknown world of lovers. On this journey he encounters relationship counselors, wardrobe consultants, partygoers, Valentine's Day shoppers, a neighbor's cat, his own family - and women. A filmmaker's cinematic attempt to find his first girlfriend. A songwriter who deferred his dreams to support his family gets a second chance when his 10-year-old daughter, Gracie, secretly enters his name into a song writing contest/reality show. A young bass player and his driver cross Iceland to be auditioned by the singer Bjork. A single mother &amp; her dance partner create a hip-hop dance company with public school students &amp; street dancers, staging their own dance show, and forming a new modern family. Nothing is impossible for a group of young campers, friends and enemies alike, on a weekend retreat at Camp Pinnacle. But what starts as an exciting wilderness adventure turns into trouble when a young camper goes missing and the rest of the group must set out to find him. The campers are forced to overcome their differences and band together to re-claim their weekend and make it out of the woods before dark! Flying Paper tells the uplifting story of resilient Palestinian youth in the Gaza Strip on a quest to shatter the Guinness World Record for the most kites ever flown. Based on a rarely performed Schoenberg opera from 1929, From Today Until Tomorrow explores one night in a marriage. A husband and wife return from a party where she has flirted with another man while he has cast an appraising eye toward one of her acquaintances. Each dreams, briefly, of leaving the marriage for the excitement and mystery of a new lover. A divorced father discovers that his 12-year-old son's new stepfather is not what he made himself out to be. Sanne (Hanna Obbeek) loves stories about ghosts and other mysterious things. Her father Lucas, is a famous ghost hunter. During a holiday Lucas is asked to chase ghosts of the former cruise ship 'Rotterdam'. Sanne is very happy to hear she and her little brother Thomas can come along. On the ship she meets ghost Bobby (Nils Verkooijen), a boy of her age, who has been wandering the ship since the sixties. Sanne decides to help Bobby. A young boy learns to take control over his life when he is shrunk to the size of an insect and has to sail his own toy boat through a flooded cafe. Morten has to be shrunk down before he can grow up. Expurrimental documentary about two cats and the humans in their lives. Copper Jack Stone purposefully orchestrates a bank robbery in order to be thrown into prison with the notorious Russian kingpin Balam. Balam is more than just a mob criminal; he's a very cunning and dangerous lord who controls the police force from behind bars. Balam lives in prison as a cover for his real power, which is King of the city. His cell is a lavish private room built specifically for him, inaccessible to most in the depths of the prison structure. Even the warden fears venturing into his area of the prison. However, even surrounded by his loyal henchmen and guards in his sectioned off fortress, Balam doesn't know Jack is coming for him to avenge his family, who Balam murdered in cold blood. Balam is tough... but Jack is tougher. The two 15-year-old girls Zoe and Asal are best friends. They are spending their last summer holidays together before the earnestness of life begins. But this summer their friendship is put to the test by the arrival of a backpacker whose name is Kai. YOUTH explores the lifelong bond between two friends vacationing in a luxury Swiss Alps lodge as they ponder retirement. While Fred has no plans to resume his musical career despite the urging of his loving daughter Lena, Mick is intent on finishing the screenplay for what may be his last important film for his muse Brenda. And where will inspiration lead their younger friend Jimmy, an actor grasping to make sense of his next performance? Buddy is an abandoned young cocker spaniel waiting dejectedly in his cage for a kind, new owner to adopt him. Suddenly, Billy, a little boy whose hair is as red as Buddy's, appears. It's love at first sight and the beginning of a great friendship. But for Billy's parents, this is where the trouble begins. Eager to escape the grief and nightmares of the city, Louis Olsen travels to Southwest Minnesota, seeking the peace of the rural countryside. When he accidentally disturbs the grave of a supposed local 'witch' Mary Jane Terlinden, what began as a peaceful reprieve unravels into a haunting nightmare from which Louis cannot escape - but is it all just in his head? A film by Jesus del Cerro. A young girl spends the summer in a country resort under the vigilant supervision of her mother. There her attention is drawn to a guy whose past is shrouded in a secret. The girl does not suspect that after this meeting her life will change forever, and her feelings can fly high above... The story of August Pullman - a boy with facial differences - who enters fifth grade, attending a mainstream elementary school for the first time. A man from the countryside lives only with his three daughters. Away from everything and everyone, they face the drama and despair of their own lives. The story is set in the backdrop of a mass marriage ceremony, This short film shows how the war department utilizes a Ph.D., a chimp, and three dogs to help design aptitude tests for men applying for work. The way we hurt each other has evolved. Submit the Documentary is an in-depth look into the profound, reality of cyberbullying. Cyberbullying is 24x7x365 and reaches as far as the Internet can carry it. Submit the Documentary is a film that is informative and all too telling of an epidemic confronting our children and their well-being. Submit compassionately tells the stories of children and families who are affected by the harsh reality of cyberbullying and features interviews with educators, experts and law enforcement as they tackle this worldwide issue, while offering solutions to this complicated problem. The film tells the story of friendship. The story is centered around an eventful New Year celebration of five friends and the sequence of events following it in the next few days. Cristiano, Francisco and Gabriel are three good old friends celebrating their entrance in the University. But in a horror night, the fun gets mixed up with violence. Leba is a music instructor who lives in a small Lebanese town. Social pressure leads him to get married and have children. Lara, his beloved wife, births a girl, later other one and finally Ghadi, a boy with special needs related with Down Syndrome. Ghadi could have been a burden, but he is a cause of pride and joy for all of them --but a test too that proves the intolerance of other people. Seven stories interweave to create this relatable tale of the gap between teenagers and the older generation. Country: Canada  Language: English  Release Date: 8 January 2013 (USA)  Also Known As: Ghost Trap  When a school project goes terribly wrong in this family friendly mystery, Cynthia Carter finds herself doing community service at mean, old Mrs. Gotham's house, rumored to be haunted. But it takes more than gossip to scare this scientist-in-training. Soon, however, Cynthia realizes that doing chores for the grumpy woman may not be her biggest problem after all. Strange happenings defy logic... and things are quickly getting worse. Enlisting the help of her two best friends and their quirky teacher, she is determined to get to the bottom of the eerie events from a purely scientific viewpoint. But while they may have it down to a science, the resident ghosts seem to have other plans. A videodance short-film of the avant-garde / experimental dance group of the same name based on the book "Humus" (released in 1917) by Raul Brandao. Jeff Bridges, alongside prominent scientists and authors, weaves evolution, emergence, entropy, dark ecology, and what some are calling the end of nature, into a story that helps us understand our place among the species of Earth's household. Over a series of video chats, a teenage outcast reaches out to his childhood friend, but finds that behind the veneer of popularity and a seemingly perfect life, she hides a disturbing secret.  When a pampered Hollywood pooch is sent up to North to live with a wise cracking farm-mutt, all leashes are off. "Bite Size" follows the year long journey of four children struggling with obesity. In the sequel to Tim Burton's "Alice in Wonderland", Alice Kingsleigh returns to Underland and faces a new adventure in saving the Mad Hatter. 17 riders with avarage age 81 decide to follow the dream of their youth and start their journey to ride around Taiwan island. The story of my Vietnamese father who was able to build up a new life in a small Austrian village, but there is still an open chapter in the past: the search for the man who once helped him and who he never could thank for that. When Jessica Parker's former high school boyfriend, superstar baseball player Chase Taynor, returns to town, she finds the inspiration to reinvent her struggling diner... and revisits the past to find something even better for the future. A movie about a dysfunctional family of vampires and witches, it is mostly focused on the two children who are hybrids. Suspension from school, the loss of a friend, a broken heart and lack of inspiration lead to Maude's downfall in this romp through teenage error.  Your teenage years are never easy... but for Maude, things couldn't be worse. Within one week, she is suspended from school, stranded by her best friend, dumped by the boy she loved and inherits an enormous amount of money with the passing of her grandmother- only to be claimed under one condition: Maude must prove by age 18 that she knows exactly what to do with her life. But with her 18th birthday rapidly approaching, Maude must dive into a world of self-discovery or else lose the inheritance. When two best friends Jill and Joy find a huge sum of money on the street on the first day of the summer holiday, they decide to buy a house from the mysterious Mrs. Rosebud. It's a real dream house: measured and equipped exactly for two little seven-year-old girls' requirements. Based on a beloved children's book, Jill and Joy is a story of a dream summer without parents or boundaries. Anything can and will happen as reality and fantasy magically intertwine. Don Collier has a wonderful life and family, but no time to enjoy either. His impossible boss even has him collecting signatures for a huge project the day before Christmas, but as he goes office to office it seems that every signer is a ghost from his past, and he soon begins to wonder if this is coincidence... or heavenly intervention. Pass the Light tells the story of Steve Bellafiore, an 17 year old high school senior who decides to run for Congress in order to protect the faith that he so loves. Actress Reese Holden has been offered a small fortune by a book editor if she can secure for publication the love letters that her father, a reclusive novelist, wrote to her mother, who has since passed away. Returning to Michigan, Reese finds that an ex-grad student and a would-be musician have moved in with her father, who cares more about his new friends than he does about his own health and well-being. "An idyllic summer day turns into a living nightmare ...  With school finally over, college graduate Natalie Wilner returns to her hometown to celebrate the Fourth of July weekend. But beneath the flags and fireworks lurks a dark, malevolent figure. After a night of drunken parties, she stumbles home and drifts off to sleep, only to be woken moments later by a loud knock on the door.  Experience one night of terror, through Natalie's eyes as she fights to escape a relentless, knife-wielding maniac ..." When loser Marvin Mange is involved in a horrible car accident, he's brought back to life by a deranged scientist as half man and half animal. His newfound powers are awesome -- but their adverse side effects could take over his life. Now, Marvin must fight to control his crazy primal urges around his new squeeze, Rianna, and his rival, Sgt. Sisk, who both think he's one cool cat. A woman who is looking for acceptance, who's looking for love, who wants to be appreciated and who wants to belong find what she's looking for from her personal assistant. Discussions in a town hall. A Brooklyn mother finds comic relief from domestic drudgery by inhabiting the world in guises--drag king, pole dancer, Santa Claus--managing to find moments of grace even on  thankless days. Kyle and Jen, estranged siblings, travel from New York City to rural Pennsylvania to pack up the home of their recently deceased mother. While there, they make a discovery that turns their world upside-down.  A Picture of You is a serious movie about life that gets sideswiped in the supermarket parking lot by a funny movie about death. It's a story about family, loss, secrets, letting go, and starting anew. Filmed over a decade and set in the American West, Dryland traces a young man's quest for victory in a rambunctious contest, while battling to preserve a threatened way of life. Josh Knodel and best friend Matt Miller strive to win the Lind Combine Demolition Derby, save their town, and preserve the legacy of their families' Eastern Washington wheat farms. Casper dreads to start at a new daycare, but when he arrives he meets Emma who has a stuffed animal that can come to life. From that day Casper and Emma are best friends. Herman and Marie, a couple in their fifties, arrive in istanbul to pick up the luggage of their deceased son. In his backpack. Herman discovers a logbook of their son's trip through Turkey. Herman decides to reconstruct his son's last journey, to see what he has seen. He drags along his wife into a,what he believes to be, cathartic venture. In the tradition of a classic "A Christmas Carol", this film offers many lessons on the importance of giving and the cause and effect our choices have on others. Topper thinks summer vacation is boring. He misses his father who is sailing the seven seas. He can't figure out Sille who's cute. And his best friend, Viggo, always has to help out his punctilious dad, Mr Lion, in the cafe on the first floor of the red house where Topper lives on the top floor with his mother. One day, Topper finds a magic pencil and when he draws a rhino on the wall, the drawing comes to life! While Topper and Viggo try to keep the rhino, which they name Otto, well fed with black bread and raspberry soda before it devours all the furniture, Mr Lion pleads with the local authorities to come and remove the stomping pachyderm. Abby, obituary writer turned author, is used to making up quirky, charming characters in her books, but here in Bliss it almost seems like those characters have sprung to life, and Abby is fantasizing about moving right in. The townspeople have set their matchmaking minds in motion and they aren't about to let Abby leave without a little love in her heart. A new family is having difficulty adjusting, when an adorable dog comes into their life. Once his special powers are discovered, the local dog catcher and the (F.B.D.I) Federal Bureau of Dog Investigation will stop at nothing to get him. A family portrait in Tuscany. Leonardo and Riccardo fight to defend what they really love - Leonardo is looking for freedom and Riccardo for family. A man who wants to be the best father. A son who hopes to be the best he can be. A devotion that raises these hopes to the level of prayer. A journey. 'GAYAK' is a movie about a father's unconditional love for his son and the son's journey towards self-discovery set in the backdrop of one of the most unique practices of Catholic devotion, the 'Pagsa-San Juan.' The movie explores intimate relationships-- father to son, son to father, brother to sister, between cousins, and among members of a rural community within the context of faith, love and hope. In the heart of Metro Manila, Mara, a young dance protege seeks to land the principal part of a dance company about to embark on a tour. On her quest to land the coveted break, a series of events turned her sense of meaning upside down, and is faced with a life changing decision. She turns to her mentor and her mother as she searches for answers in the beautifully loud and endlessly moving world she lives in. Apprentice Lapitch, the little shoemaker sets off on a journey after experiencing injustice from the cruel Master Mrkonja. On his journey he meets Gita, a beautiful little circus girl who is an orphan just like him. They share adventures and experience problems during their journey. They have nowhere to sleep, no food and are poorly clothed, but nothing scares them. They are bold and happy, willing to help everyone. On the night of the full moon something terrible happens, and changes everything... In a California desert town, a short-order cook with clairvoyant abilities encounters a mysterious man with a link to dark, threatening forces. A corollary to Price's written piece "Sports," Folk Music and Documentary takes on questions of political speech and political image in a time when terms like "globalization" or even "politics" itself are so emptied out as to be meaningless in everyday usage. The 1990s were years of newfound engagement and activism among the young, if we are to believe the international press and its invocation of a new class of anarchist, "anti-globalization" youth. Price gives voice and image to this cliche in what is at once a screen-test, an audition, and a proposition with no clear intent or message. A woman in her fifties files a divorce petition against her seventy-one-year-old husband. Their son and an advocate try to find the reason behind it as they had been married for thirty years. Short film by Peter Kubelka.  Arnulf Rainer contorts his mind and body before the camera. Coming home to make amends with her estranged father, Eleni finds herself confronted with an unexpected kinship. This coming of age Dance Film, in the spirit of Dirty Dancing, Karate Kid, and High School Musical - is about a young girl from Beverly Hills, Jennifer who is visiting her Father's Panama City Beach Hotel during Summer Break, and falls in love with a Young Boy, Ken who works as a Dishwasher. Even though both are from different backgrounds, they share the same passion... DANCE and partner with each other to enter the 2nd Annual Florida State-Wide Dance Contest. While preparing for the contest, Jennifer and Ken must overcome scheming dance partners, a meddling father, and their own doubts for their love to prevail. A Mystery writer is not thrilled when she's assigned to write a children's book, "An Easter Bunny Puppy." Out of ideas, she asks her daughter for help. Meanwhile, her dog, RUSS, the narrator of the story, digs up a priceless Faberge egg buried in the woods and takes it home with him, unaware that he's trailing a thief who stole the egg. SHOTA comes back to his hometown to attend father's funeral from Tokyo after a long time. After the funeral, He goes for a walk in his dear old home, meets with GENJIRO who's a master of stone mason and becomes his pupil. Just SHOTA's practices with GENJIRO starts to be a stone mason like his father. This story is about 'Kizuna' which means a strong bond among family, friends, animals and even plants, connecting everything from this world and the world beyond. When legendary music producer JT Grayson passes away, his estranged daughter Sam must finally return home. As if dealing with her rebellious teenage daughter wasn't enough, upon arrival she discovers that her ex-husband, country rock star Casey Colter, is already there and stirring things up. With the fate of JT's legacy hanging in the balance this broken family must decide whether they will continue to live in the past or let the music and the beauty of the Alabama summer heal them. Life is good for Nino van Doorn (8). He has a terrific brother Lucas (14), wise father Bruno and an angel of a mother, Marla. When Marla dies, Bruno can't cope with her death. Also the values like order, responsibility, love and care they represented. The two brothers create their own world. But soon the anarchistic world is threatened by the outside world. The two brothers are prepared to fool the system but what happens is that they really become a family again. A drama centered around twins attending the same boarding school.  In order to rescue his father's ramshackle grill restaurant, filmmaker and vegetarian Dario Aguirre is traveling back to his homeland Ecuador. What starts out as a strange debate about opening times, chips and Excel spread sheets, develops into a moving family drama. Lucas, an unlucky romantic is approacched by a serial seducer named Victor who promises him the moon. Disappointed and having been cheated on once again, Lucas decides to take revenge. Ofeigur, the passed away father of Anna Sol walks again and starts to involve her life and her boyfriend, Ingi Brjann. The young couples are going to sell the house of the dead but Ofeigur is not very happy with that and tries to convince them not to do it. The intervention of the ghost is so irritating that Ingi Brjann tries to get him away by using methods from an old magic book.  Matei lives with his grandfather in Romania. His parents have gone to work in Italy. After arguing with his grandfather, he leaves. A poignant, beautifully shot film on the illusions and disillusionments of childhood. When a group of misfits is hired by an unknown third party to burglarize a desolate house and acquire a rare VHS tape, they discover more found footage than they bargained for. Sister Italy is a heartfelt, hilarious, culinary escapade that follows the fortunes of two Italian-American sisters, Italia and Maria, who are rival cooks. They clash in an intriguing cooking competition. Gangoobai, a childless, elderly widow, has lived her whole life in the tiny colonial hill station of Matheran, set in the spectacularly beautiful Sahyadri mountain range about 4 hours' drive from Mumbai. The movie revolves around how an Indian woman, Bharti, who sacrifices her life for her children and husband, and yet they do not value her or her sacrifices, and they all maltreat her. Then tables turn when her grandson, Mann comes to her rescue. He gets her modeling assignments which makes her more successful than any of the family members, including her husband. Even after so much success she misses the love and affection of family members. Mann suggests her to teach everyone in the house a lesson so that they start to value her. The movie has a happy end where she reunites with her family and they learn to respect her and value the efforts she makes for keeping them happy. The moral of the movie is importance of your mother and what all she does for you. Respecting her and valuing her efforts. Dance your way to a magical adventure with Barbie as Kristyn, a ballerina with big dreams! When she tries on a pair of sparkling pink shoes, she and her best friend, Hailey, are whisked away to a fantastical ballet world. There, Kristyn discovers she must dance in her favorite ballets in order to defeat an evil Snow Queen. With performances to the legendary Giselle and Swan Lake ballets, it's a wonderful journey where if you dance with your heart, dreams come true! When timid bank clerk Stanley Ipkiss discovers a magical mask containing the spirit of the Norse god Loki, his entire life changes. While wearing the mask, Ipkiss becomes a supernatural playboy exuding charm and confidence which allows him to catch the eye of local nightclub singer Tina Carlyle. Unfortunately, under the mask's influence, Ipkiss also robs a bank, which angers junior crime lord Dorian Tyrell, whose goons get blamed for the heist. A re-interpretation of Ramayana, the Thai animation film tells the story of a giant robot, Na Kiew, who's left wandering in a barren wasteland after a great war. Na Kiew meets Jao Phuek, a puny tin robot who's lost his memory and is now stuck with his new big friend. Together they set out across the desert populated by metal scavengers, to look for Ram, the creator of all robots. Flubs and bloopers that occurred ont the set of some of the major Warner Bros. pictures of 1939. Feature length sequel to the multi award-winning short film GROOM'S CAKE. A mockumentary following the three days leading up to the first birthday party of a child with two gay parents: television actor Steven James and his screenwriter husband, Daniel Ferguson. A movie about the family we are born into and the family we create. In 1943 in a Romanian fishing village on the river Danube brothers Pavel and Simion compete for the love of Lia while the war is raging on. Family of witches turn a mean orphaned girl into a cat to teach her a lesson. Dusty's Trail is an inspirational documentary about a young man's journey with Duchenne muscular dystrophy, a fatal and debilitating muscle wasting condition that affects one in 3,500 boys worldwide. The story tells about people coming together from around the world to climb a mountain in Borneo for charity to raise awareness for Duchenne. Dusty's Trail celebrates life through ties that bind all humanity. It's about the power of creating a positive, happy, fulfilling and inspiring life when the odds seem against it. Filmed in Borneo and California, the documentary is based on interviews with doctors, researchers, parents, friends and people who have been inspired by Dusty's life, some with whom he has never met, and others who share the same path. A king transforms himself into a stork and must stop himself from laughing to return to his human form. What do Birthdays, Building, School, and Friends all have in common? They're all Elmo's favorite things! Join Sesame Street's furry red monster as he explores the world around him. Forty years after the Fall of Saigon, a young Vietnamese woman is among the Vietnam War's uncounted casualties. Born near fields where American planes sprayed Agent Orange, Thao lives with severe physical deformities. Halfway around the world, a woman in New York is struggling to cope after the sudden death of her famed younger sister. In the midst of her crippling depression, a friend shows Elizabeth a black-and-white photograph from a recent trip abroad. The image haunts Elizabeth.  Fueled by stunning footage, this stirring documentary considers wild horses' role in the American psyche and their dwindling numbers in today's West. In an artful blend of exquisite nature documentary and character-driven narrative, the majestic wild horses of the American West are revealed in stereoscopic 3D as never before. The wonder in a girl's eye pulls us into the drama that unfolds on hundreds of millions of acres of public land. The battle lines have long been carved into the landscape, and the players are deeply entrenched. Yet as the subtle choreography that has evolved over thousands of years begins, we are captivated. The intricate dance between a man and a wild horse presents lessons for us all, even the battle-hardened special interest groups fighting for the place of the AMERICAN MUSTANG. Curious little penguin Pororo and his friends accidentally cause an airplane to make an emergency landing in their home of Pororo Village. On the airplane are some turtles being shipped to Northpia to deliver ice sleds, or racing ice cars. Nevertheless, Pororo and his friends believe that the turtles are racers, and the turtles end up giving the gang at Pororo Village some lessons and passing on the championship spirit. In the end, Pororo and his friends follow the turtles to Northpia to participate in the race. Upon arriving at icily beautiful Northpia's race, Pororo and his friends wind up unlikely front-runners, ahead of the polar bears, and make it to the finals. However, a more complicated course awaits Pororo and his friends- as does their strongest adversary yet. A construction worker destroys Bugs' home with a steam shovel and refuses to repair the damage. Eve, a slightly nerdy Science student, is abducted by Frederick, a crazy-seeming drifter who claims an alien invasion is imminent. He sees Eve as the only one who can stop the impending Apocalypse. Held captive in an abandoned mansion, she undergoes strange and frightening "special training" methods while making various escape attempts. As time passes and clues appear that point towards Fred's claims possibly being true, Eve's whole concept of reality is torn apart. Kevin McCallister's parents have split up. Now living with his mom, he decides to spend Christmas with his dad at the mansion of his father's rich girlfriend, Natalie. Meanwhile robber Marv Merchants, one of the villains from the first two movies, partners up with a new criminal named Vera to hit Natalie's mansion. Since the moment they met at age 5, Rosie and Alex have been best friends, facing the highs and lows of growing up side by side. A fleeting shared moment, one missed opportunity, and the decisions that follow send their lives in completely different directions. As each navigates the complexities of life, love, and everything in between, they always find their way back to each other - but is it just friendship, or something more?  Based on Cecelia Ahern's bestselling novel, LOVE, ROSIE is a heart-warming, modern comedy-of-errors posing the ultimate question: do we really only get one shot at true love? On the eve of his wedding day, Pastor Jones' soon-to-be wife develops cold feet when secrets are revealed, and he must reassure her of his affection. When I was a child, I was told my grandfather Pepe had died. Later I found out that after the Spanish Civil War he had emigrated to Argentina. My grandmother never knew anything else about him. This autobiographical film is a trip against time and oblivion to uncover family secrets. On the oldest Roman road in the capital, filmmaker Marc Isaacs weaves together numerous poignant stories of loss and the search for belonging into a tapestry of the human experience. Keelta a young Irish woman leaves home to build a new life for herself on the road where Billy, the old Irish labourer is struggling to find a meaning to his life. Peggy, a 95 year old Jewish refugee from Vienna and Brigitte, a German born former air hostess, have both suffered bad husbands, whilst Iqbal, an unassuming Indian hotel concierge, awaits the arrival of his wife from Kashmir. A film that forces you to recognise the struggles and preoccupations of its characters as our own. This is the auto fiction of M., a film-freak. On account of two consecutive retinal detachments, he almost goes totally blind. During 40 bed-ridden days, he'll be obliged to lie prone with both eyes closed. When the psychopathic jailbreaker Hopps and his cousin steal a camper to continue their flight, they notice too late that there's a baby on the back seat. At first they want to kill it, but... A young German woman bonds with an elderly Japanese woman while touring the Fukushima region of Japan in the aftermath of the 2011 earthquake. In a small village near Erzincan (Turkey) young Mert is about to get traditionally circumcised, but the family does not have the money to follow up with the circumcision celebration. The family wants to be able to serve lamb meat to the guests of the celebration. Mert's older sister scares him that if they cannot afford a lamb the father will slaughter him instead. While on a hunting trip, two friends witness a gangland style execution by Mr. Caine, a diamond smuggler. Garret and Paulie then become the hunted. Paulie is killed and Garret vows to avenge his friend's death. When the magic powers of The Tablet of Ahkmenrah begin to die out, Larry Daley spans the globe, uniting favorite and new characters while embarking on an epic quest to save the magic before it is gone forever. The government has quarantined a small town where either a disease similar to rabies has appeared in the local human population or where (what seems impossible) the dead are beginning to come back to life and attack the living. Having missed most of the evacuation while barricaded inside of an old house, Ben, his younger sister Erin, and their friends remain trapped within the quarantine zone. Hell-bent on getting his sister to safety at all costs, Ben must lead the group across a ravaged city filled with flesh craving zombies in search of a working radio to contact the military and ensure them a ride on the last evacuation helicopter out of the quarantine zone. But with pre-existing personal tensions in the group and an entire city of zombies driven by hunger to find and kill anyone they come across, the odds are stacked against them. In this virtual-reality documentary, Holocaust survivor Pinchas Gutter returns to Majdanek concentration camp and shares memories of his experience there. Legends of the Knight weaves together the stirring true stories of individuals who have overcome devastating obstacles, unselfishly given to the community, and embraced their inner superhero because of their love of Batman. Through the deeply personal tales of Batman fans, writers, and filmmakers, this feature-length documentary explores the power of heroic stories and encourages viewers to find their own unique path to heroism. Funded by over 1,100 people from around the world, Legends of the Knight is a return to our childhood dreams of being a hero. Put on your cape, and be inspired! One night per year, the government sanctions a 12-hour period in which citizens can commit any crime they wish -- including murder -- without fear of punishment or imprisonment. Leo, a sergeant who lost his son, plans a vigilante mission of revenge during the mayhem. However, instead of a death-dealing avenger, he becomes the unexpected protector of four innocent strangers who desperately need his help if they are to survive the night. Set against the backdrop of a town's annual snowmobile race, this cinematic, observational documentary explores the American working class experience. A documentary goes inside the out-of-time world of modern Hasidic women. "Jesus - The Desire of Ages" is a soft glove in a hard hand as far as Christian movies go. It packs a punch of theological and emotional power gloved in all the soft, warm fuzzies that make family viewing so enjoyable. The movie opens with a glimpse of the nativity scene portrayed in a very touching and human way and then quickly jumps into the drama of the closing hours of the life of Christ. Welcome to Inspiration As the result of an armed robbery Mickey Ronson has served eight years in prison, leaving his wife Gemma and their child Lucy to cope on their own. As the time of Mickey's release draws near he can't wait to get back to his family and continue on with their lives. He plans a surprise for his loved ones by keeping the date a secret from all but his sister. Not long before he gets out, Mickey's brother Bobby gets involved with Gemma and Lucy on the pretence of helping them out. But Bobby has his own agenda and the events that ensue change all of their lives forever. On the planet Civis 3, the cultural center of a distant galaxy, a small alien boy named Neddie has a dream. He wants to do his part to help save the galaxy from a tyrannical warlord. When Neddie finds an ancient starship from a forgotten era, he and his young friends take flight to stop the evil General Disdain. The Grinch hatches a scheme to ruin Christmas when the residents of Whoville plan their annual holiday celebration.   For Love's Sake is a faith-based drama based on a true story. After the tragic death of her husband, Mary Walker falls into a spiral of suicidal depression and subsequently loses custody of her two boys. Through the intervention of her church community and a caring therapist, Mary regains her faith, experiences emotional healing, and finds the strength to fight a skeptical bureaucracy for custody of her children. Through interviews with both victims and instigators, Nanfu Wang, a first-time mother, breaks open decades of silence on a vast, unprecedented social experiment that shaped -- and destroyed -- countless lives in China. The two main characters of this ironic account of the general condition of intellectuals are the charming psychologist, Korin Gyorgy, and the unexpected. Korin starts a television series of people in their 40s. In the afternoon just after the first section, however, he is reported to be dead as a result of a rather strange accident. Everything turns upside down. As the Sun burns out, an American family gathers at the end of the world, their hopes for rescue slowly crumbling as they also confront long lasting divides amongst each other. Lucky Devils casts the mismatched duo as a pair of intrepid newsreel cameramen. When they're not risking their lives coverning the Hot Spots of the world, Dick (Arlen) and Andy (Devine) busy themselves romancing Norma (Dorothy Lovett) and Gwendy (Janet Shaw), respectively. The Balana is the proof of virginity from a zapotec woman after marriage. This film tells the Isthmian custom on how to perform a traditional zapotec wedding. On her 18th birthday, headstrong and artistic Charlie makes a startling discovery. The man married to her mother, isn't her dad. Recruiting Oz, a rough sleeper whose only possession is his driving licence, she embarks on an epic road trip from Margate to the Isle of Skye to track down her biological father. On the journey they both learn more than they bargained for - about themselves, each other, the importance of family, and why (sometimes) there really is no place like home. When career soldier Pete Griffin loses a leg in combat, he is sent back to America to serve at the army base near his disconnected family's home. To make matters worse, Pete's nurse wife Patty has been deployed to Afghanistan, leaving him to raise daredevil son Chris and moody adolescent daughter Becky. Deep in the heart of the English countryside lies the enchanting village of Gladbury. Legend has it every 25 years an angel visits the village candlemaker and touches a single candle. Whoever lights this candle receives a miracle on Christmas Eve. But in 1890, at the dawn of the electric age, this centuries old legend may come to an end. One of the biggest housing projects in Germany. Known for a long time as the "Sozialpalast" it had a reputation for crime, vandalism and drugs. In 1863, after seeing their mother and father massacred by a rough group of outlaws, two 10-year old identical twin brothers, Vance and Tom Dillinger, are separated when Tom is kidnapped by the outlaws.  The two meet again in 1893 after 30-years.  Vance Dillinger is now a U.S. Marshal, while Tom "Lucky" Dillinger is a wanted bandit with a bounty on his head.  A robbery gone wrong allows the identity of Lucky to be exposed, sending Vance and his posse on the trail to capture Lucky and his gang.  A chance discovery unveils information that the killer of the Dillinger parents is still alive, leading Lucky on a ruthless quest for revenge, as Vance struggles between feelings of retribution and upholding the honor of legal justice. The father tends his large garden with the utmost precision. The mother irons shirts and regrets that the father never wears T-shirts. The father likes order, always knows best, and has everything under control. The mother prays and talks of her loneliness. The two are fundamentally different, have opposing views and interests, and have been married for 62 years.  Closely knit yet poles apart: this is the ambivalent standpoint from which Peter Liechti turns his lens on his elderly parents and the story of their marriage. Alongside conversations that shift from slapstick to insanity and observations of daily life in his parents' cramped, lower middle class apartment, a puppet theatre is also established as a second location. This forms the stage for scenes between mother and father to be reenacted by rabbit puppets; as a puppet, the son can also react in explosive fashion. Mithunam is a 2012 Telugu Drama film directed by Tanikella Bharani. It features S. P. Balasubrahmanyam and Lakshmi.[2][3] The film is based on a best selling Telugu novel of the same name, written by Sri Ramana. Tanikella Bhranai received CineMAA Award Special Jury Award for Best Direction.[4]  Mithunam means couple in Telugu.[5] It also means an astrological sign. AMR Productions released Mithunam all over India on December 21, 2012, with positive reviews Lucas Simons has become obsessed with death following the loss of his older brother. A shy child, Lucas spends most of his free time filming funerals in an attempt to understand what happens when we die. When Lucas accidentally captures a mysterious presence in one of his films and posts it online, he inadvertently becomes a YouTube phenomenon and the target of media speculation. Suddenly, he and his grief-numbed parents find themselves thrust into the spotlight, shaking them out of their complacency while complicating their relationship. Lucas's quest for answers leads him toward an unlikely friendship with Chris Brighton (Tim Meadows), a local author who died for nine minutes and lived to tell about it. As Chris takes on a mentor role to Lucas, he helps him navigate the fame while teaching him how to embrace life again and live larger than the shadow of death. (from Nashville Film Festival) Entrapped within a prison of his own making, a father's outlook and relationship with reality is questioned... Neglecting both his wife and daughter, Jassim lives a separate life to his family within an atmosphere of foreboding. It is only during a chance convergence of circumstances in which he visits the legendary tree of life that Jassim begins to question his understandings. THE MOSUO SISTERS is a tale of two sisters caught in the whirlwind of China's breakneck modernization.  Juma and Latso, young women from one of the world's last remaining matriarchal societies, are thrust into the worldwide economic downturn when they lose their jobs in Beijing.  Left with few options, they return home to their remote village in the foothills of the Himalayas. But home is no longer what it was, as growing exposure to the modern world irreparably alters the provocative traditions of the Mosuo.  Determined to keep their family out of poverty, one sister sacrifices her dream of an education and stays home to farm, while the other leaves to try her luck in city--changes in fortune that test each sister in unexpected ways.  Ultimately, though,  it's the sisters' relationship with one another that hangs in the balance as they struggle to navigate the vast cultural and economic divides that define contemporary China. 11-year old Modulf thinks he is a super hero. Every day he is bullied by the toughest guys at school. And that's fine. Because if Modulf is the one being bullied, the other children won't be. Lise, a new girl in class, does not agree with Modulf's theories. She cares, and creates havoc in the ranks - and suddenly she is the one who must be saved. On the day he was supposed to graduate from elementary school, a precocious boy runs away from home and goes with his best friend on a journey to his friend's faraway home. He encounters diverse, interesting people and discovers that "precocious" isn't what he had once believed. Living in a fictional world all their own, the machines of Survival Research Laboratories act out scenarios of perpetual torment, exasperating consumption, and tragic recognition A long time ago... in the summer of 1981, a tragedy of epic proportions (a broken plastic bat) sends five friends on an epic adventure to the mall. All they have to do is follow The Stream and back. Dutch filmmaker Leo de Boer couldn't resist the temptation, so he invested a lot of money in the stock market and lost big. To make matters worse, the money actually belonged to his son Michael. Now Leo wants his money back, but should he keep investing or call it quits? In this introspective film, Leo de Boer seeks out the mechanisms underlying the temptation to gamble. And why is it that other people are getting rich this way, but he isn't? The marriage of Robert and Elizabeth is collapsing, both concentrating on their jobs (journalist, mother) rather than each other. The film looks at a week in their lives. Robert sleeps with their babysitter, Marianne, while Elizabeth talks with their friends, Juliet and Alex. 16 year old JULIET BELLO lives on a ranch with her stepmother KIM and two irritating stepbrothers, CRAIG and PETE. Since her father died the ranch has been going downhill, until in desperation Kim has to entertain the offer from businessman MONTGOMERY BEETLE or else face foreclosure. But Juliet thinks she has a secret that could keep the ranch open: her horse, HORATIO, can talk!  Two young Chinese whose lives intersect in Los Angeles at the crossroads of their lives. A plover chick has not learned to fly when his family migrates in the fall. He must survive the arctic winter, vicious enemies and himself in order to be reunited with his beloved one next spring. Young Ivan Drago's newfound love of board games catapults him into the fantastical and competitive world of game invention, and pits him against the inventor Morodian, who has long desired to destroy the city of Zyl, founded by Ivan's grandfather. To save his family and defeat Morodian, Ivan must come to know what it is to be a true GAMES MAKER. We are always told that love lasts forever like in children's fairy tales, but the reality is that people change and relationships expire. In the dead of winter, Kat and Rose, two very different girls, find themselves spending winter break at their prestigious prep school. What they don't know is that Kat is being stalked by an evil entity, and their lives are about to change forever. Meanwhile, Joan, a young, troubled woman, makes her way across a frozen landscape towards the school. But why? Upon the sudden death of their abusive, philandering patriarch, four damaged women are forced to confront the material and emotional wreckage left in his wake while wryly attempting to put both his remains and his memory to rest. Follow the adventures of Belle, a bright young woman who finds herself in the castle of a prince who's been turned into a mysterious beast. With the help of the castle's enchanted staff, Belle soon learns the most important lesson of all -- that true beauty comes from within.  British documentary filmmaker Chloe Ruthven's grandparents were aid workers in Palestine. Growing up, she had avoided getting too involved in the subject, recalling how mention of the country made all the adults in her life angry. In her forties, after revisiting her grandmother's book on the subject, she starts to research a documentary on the effects of foreign aid in the area and is shocked at the continued reliance on it there. Along the way she meets Lubna, a Palestinian woman who acts as her driver and fixer, and who is fiercely critical of Western aid efforts in her country. What begins as a quest to better understand her family history turns into a deeply emotional account of two women trying to understand one another. Ruthven's determination to focus her film on deeply subjective analysis results in a unique joining of the acutely personal and complexly political. (Source: LFF programme) Lily Yeh is a global artist who is fueled by a belief that art is a human right, and that artists can create a foundation for profound social change. Slight of frame, but large in spirit and vision, the 70-year-old artist was born in China, lives in Philadelphia, and now, as constant traveler, the world is her canvas. Our film explores two sides of Lily's life that are connected parts of the same journey: her international ventures helping to heal weakened spirits in communities around the world and a personal journey within, to repair her own fractured family. Witty and resourceful fourteen-year-old Koko solves yet another mystery - aided by his friends. One of them, Tomo, has recently moved to the city and longs for adventure. The boys notice that their new classmate acts curiously. Step by step, joined by their classmate Marijana, they unveil the boy's dark secret. It is laid out as a realistic film, with a screenplay based on the stories of hundreds of women that are forced to choose between their children and their mate in order to sustain their families. This is the story of Cheba and Serafina who, by abandoning their children get sick with tirisia, a perpetual sadness. A meek young man allows a stripper to stay in his house while his domineering mother is hospitalized. Harikrishnan who is a single parent shares a very special relationship with his daughter Meera. Things, however, take an ugly turn when she goes missing. A military expedition in Siberia gone wrong. The existence of humanity is in peril as Inanna, Sumerian goddess of lust and war has summoned a giant meteor to destroy the planet, after being accidentally set free from her ancient prison. The government has been overturned in a Communist take-over and the citizens of the world; brainwashed. In humanity's darkest hour, the ancient entity of Gilgamesh, older than the cosmos themselves, must decide whether or not to serve of mankind's final hope. Meanwhile, Inanna has hand selected the one man; married man and archaeologist, David Murphy, to live out the rest of eternity with her. Gilgamesh and Inanna are quickly targeted by the new government as potential weapons of mass destruction, and soon the apocalypse has begun. Based on Gogol's story. It is Christmas Eve, and the town witches' son, a blacksmith, seeks an honest marriage to his love who wishes for a pair of shoes fit for the Tsarina. A mischievous devil is trapped into providing service to the smith. Joe McDoakes pleads "not guilty" to a traffic violation but is convicted anyway. Handling this setback in his usual manner, the two-dollar fine quickly pyramids to a 10-year jail sentence.  11 year-old Milton Adams is growing up in an uncertain world. With his parents constantly stressing about their careers and finances, and the neighborhood bully tormenting him, Milton feels his whole world is in crisis. But when his Grandpa Howard comes to visit, he discovers anxiety about the past and worrying about the future only make things worse and prevent him from finding true happiness moment to moment. 2014, according to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees there are 51.2 million people forcibly displaced across the world. Among them, 120,000 refugees are from Bhutan. An action-packed horror comedy, BLOODSUCKING BASTARDS stars Fran Kranz as Evan, a dutiful and overworked employee stuck at a soul-killing corporation with his beautiful co-worker and girlfriend Amanda (Emma Fitzpatrick) and his slacker best friend Tim (Joey Kern). Evans world begins to crumble when Amanda dumps him and his boss Ted (Joel Murray) hands his coveted promotion to his nemesis Max (Pedro Pascal). When his office mates start going through disturbing changes, Evan must find a way to stop the evil brewing admist the cubicles, and rescue his workplace pals before his life and career go from dead-end... to just dead.  United Natures - a United Nations of all species. A documentary feature film on the Universal Declaration of the Rights of Mother Earth, jurisprudence, philosophy, permaculture, spirituality and a neo-indigenous future for humanity. NANCY MONROE's mother DENISE just got married -- and Nancy has a new stepbrother, VICTOR, a Goth guy who dresses in black, wears lots of sunscreen, apparently talks to his cat, and has the ability to cloud women's minds. So Nancy is convinced that he's a vampire -- but is she a paranoid wingnut, or is she the only person who sees Victor's true nature? Shirshendu Mukhopadhyay's famous tale of 3 generations of women & their changing position in society,seen in relation to a box of jewels, handed down from one generation to the next. A film by Aparna Sen. A young boy raised by his grandmother finds her dead one morning. Newlywed Suzu Urano moves to her new life in Kure City on the coast of Hiroshima Prefecture, where she perseveres through World War II with pluck and determination. Frikke, a 14-year-old boy, discovers a sinister computer game that uses real children from his neighbourhood as players. In a race against time Frikke must find the evil creator of this horrible game. Nagraj Manjule's film is a scorching indictment of the caste system that persists in modern India despite legislation introduced since independence. It is depicted through the eyes of an intelligent Dalit (untouchable) teenager, Jabya, who has a deeply rooted inferiority complex about his looks, caste and his family's staggering poverty. These feelings prevent him from expressing his affection for his fellow classmate and cherished love, the fair-skinned Shalu, who is the daughter of a higher-caste family. His father is against him going to school and aspiring too highly and fellow villagers expect him to do menial work like the rest of his clan. In the hip Brooklyn neighborhood of Red Hook, single dad and record store owner Frank is preparing to send his hard-working daughter Sam off to college while being forced to close his vintage shop. Hoping to stay connected through their shared musical passions, Frank urges Sam to turn their weekly jam sessions into a father-daughter live act. After their first song becomes an internet breakout, the two embark on a journey of love, growing up and musical discovery. By helping Doctor Proctor getting recognition for his amazing invention in a world quite different from ours, two lonely children gets help to stand on their own two feet. Family comedy from India Impressive family film offers a unique stories of the wonderful animals who inhabit the Aldabra atoll, were born here, create communities, give birth to young and struggle for their survival. The true story of the 4-year old son of a small-town pastor who, during emergency surgery, slips from consciousness and enters heaven. When he awakes, he recounts his experiences on the other side. n the constant stream of hoping, failing and making new plans, Denok and Gareng stay united in their passionate struggle to make it up the hill one day. In the modest house of Gareng's mum, these young, ex-street urchins Muslim couple starts a small pig business, looking for the lucky streak to come over the family. But new challenges constantly arise, putting their cheerfulness and patience on trial. In an entirely observational approach, 'Denok &amp; Gareng' explores a strong loving relationship inside a strikingly vivid family that sticks together, fights back and laughs, about what others would call a Sisyphus fate. In 1814, a nobleman from the Kandian Kingdom of Sri Lanka helped the British army to revolt against the king of Southern India, but was driven to a traitor. His wives have to choose between committing suicide or marrying outcasts. Instead of suicide, young and beautiful Tikiri chooses to marry an untouchable, named Vijaya. A young transgender Christian man in rural North Carolina and his girlfriend face significant challenges. When Ursula B. came into the world deaf and blind in 1951, her mother abandoned her immediately after giving birth. The doctors in Zurich did not expect her to live long. But despite such prognoses, Ursula is now a 60 year old woman, cared for with a great deal of affection for five decades by Anita U., her foster mother. Where does Ursula get her strength to live? And where does Anita get the energy for her relationship with Ursula? in stirring images, the director brings a story to the screen in which human love is ultimately the only link to Ursula's elsewhere, to her enigmatic universe without sight or sound. It's This American Life's wildest, most ambitious live show ever! Nearly 50 actors, singers, dancers, musicians and comedians joined Ira Glass onstage at the Brooklyn Academy of Music's Opera House on June 7th, 2014 to try some things they'd never tried before. The result? Journalism turned into opera, into plays, into a Broadway musical. Comedy from Mike Birbiglia, and SNL's Sasheer Zamata. Songs from Stephin Merritt of the Magnetic Fields. Dance from Monica Bill Barnes & Company. A nameless, pill-popping drifter girl steps off a bus and into a New Jersey neighborhood bar owned by two middle-age brothers, Jimmy & Victor. She quickly befriends older brother, Victor--a good-natured lummox whose mind was affected by a childhood accident. The mysterious "Girl" soon upsets the delicate balance of the brothers' lives while bringing both trouble and new life into their resigned world and town. Sunday Morning Rapture is a Bible-Based film focused on the second coming of Jesus Christ. This living parable depicts situational dramatizations centered around how this spectacular event effects lives around the world and the aftermath of what is left in it's wake. On Christmas vacation,a cynical college student is magically transformed into a bulldog until she learns the meaning of her family and the spirit of Christmas. Four stories converge in a small town dominated by guns, drugs, sex and violence. An astronaut sends her young son a video message from outer space. In Mexico, a stripper dances night after night to keep a roof over her child's head. In Canada, a woman becomes a mother for the first time after enduring seven miscarriages. Finnish filmmaker Joonas Berghall has travelled to South African settlements, Nepalese terraced fields and Russia's metropolis Moscow to investigate an unshakable and almost magical connection: the bond between mother and child. MOTHER'S WISH portrays 10 women from the most varied of cultural and social backgrounds who all tell of the beauty and difficulty of being a mother. These are not only stories of love and pride - but also of disappointed hopes and the most precarious of life circumstances. Above all else, however, the protagonists tell of their determination - regardless of their current living conditions - to fight for a better future. Adaptation of one of Benelux most famous children's novels. Tough prime school girl Akkie loves soccer and can be a real bully. Love is the only thing she's scared of. When Akkie is diagnosed with Leukemia, she has to fight for her life. On the verge of going to high school, Akkie has to allow love to enter her life, and thus gain courage to accept the inevitable. Art Connect is a feature length documentary film that reveals and illuminates how creativity has inspired and changed the lives of "at risk" kids, aged twelve to sixteen, living in the disenfranchised and volatile area of Laventille -- Port of Spain, Trinidad. An ex-pastor, whose church was destroyed during Hurricane Katrina, loses his faith and becomes a homeless wanderer. After surviving a near death experience, he mysteriously awakens in a church that is in desperate need of a pastor. Through her own family's memories of struggle, Adjani unravels the story of war-torn Southern Philippines as an endless attempt at survival and adaptation to state policies that disregard the most basic concept of home. T, as most of his friends, lives in a self-constructed 'house', built on top of an old building in the city. Their one passion is 'combat'. Combat is a dance/streetfight during which the contestants try to push each other out of the arena, while not allowed to actually touch each other. When drugdealers move into the neighbourhood and kill T's best friend he embarks on a mission to eradicate the drug-presence in the neigbourhood. His friends are reluctant to help though, knowing what happened to T's friend when he crossed them. An FBI agent and an Interpol detective track a team of illusionists who pull off bank heists during their performances and reward their audiences with the money. From the Pacific Northwest to the Bonneville Salt Flats in Utah, this is the inspiring true story of four tenacious men who risk everything to conquer the world records of motorcycle land speed racing. Their extraordinary journey will remind you how perseverance against all odds can send the most unlikely men roaring into glory. During a New Year's Eve celebration, a punk-rock singer gets a phone call saying that when New Year's strikes in each time zone, someone will be murdered--and she will be the last one. A film about children that live in an orphanage in Russia. A 1964 handsome real estate agent, Drew Drake, must buck societal norms and make a commitment of marriage to his longtime love and comedy partner Whitey Ford. A young man with mental health issues becomes intimate with a suicidal air hostess but his obsessive mother enlists a dysfunctional cop to separate them. Set in a Tex-Mex border town, Not Forgotten is a classic psychological thriller about Jack and Amaya Bishop, a couple who must come to terms with their tortured pasts in order to save their kidnapped daughter. It is a tale taut with intrigue and steeped in Latino mysticism, where the line between what's real and what's imagined becomes hopelessly blurred. Interwoven stories of what it is to be a mom seen through the lens of photographer Rigby Gray. Claire Parker is going to die. At the hands of a sadistic and depraved killer, she will endure a terrifying, unimaginable brutal death--and it will all happen again. After being beaten, dragged, sliced, and stabbed, Claire awakens at work--where it all began--untouched and unharmed. But the hellish ordeal is far from over. The madman is back and he's ready for more blood... In the eyes of a foreigner practically any street of Mexico City's Centro Historico holds potential for a film. Life on the street deserves more than just the natural condition of observer anyone could have, it demands an extra attention. In a 100-meter radius, the sociological exuberance of the events going on is simply impossible to ignore. The street is a mise en scene in itself. The Story of an Old Woman was filmed in one shot without any cutting or pasting. Annotation from author: In this film I wanted to show how the one person can be violent and aggressive, and the other one helpless and defenseless. Our heroes hide their flaws behind the beautiful words and actions. Unfortunately a betrayal of the family became more common, and the opportunity to get hit in the back from the nearest person is already a reality. The film is about the family relationship, happiness and sorrow. The main thing is to stay human in all circumstances. Jack Torrance accepts a caretaker job at the Overlook Hotel, where he, along with his wife Wendy and their son Danny, must live isolated from the rest of the world for the winter. But they aren't prepared for the madness that lurks within. It is Manoel de Oliveira's first feature-length film. Mostly children, from Oliveira's hometown, Porto, play in its story. Aniki-Bobo is a rhyme from a children's game, akin to Eeny, meeny, miny, moe. The film was not very well received, but with time it gained recognition and was finally accepted as one of the most important Portuguese films of its time. In several respects, this film seems to anticipate Italian neorealism. No other feature film was directed by Oliveira in the next 21 years. When a family emergency forces a troubled teen to do the wrong thing for the right reason, a community discovers the meaning of forgiveness. Teshya Alo is 16 years old and 125 pounds. But on the judo and wrestling mats, she throws women twice her age and pounds heavier. And she beats boys. Now, she has her sights set on taking gold at both the judo and wrestling world championships -- and eventually the Olympics. But it won't be easy. She is younger and less experienced than her opponents -- and lives in Hawaii. The cost of traveling to mainland and international tournaments drains her family's resources. Winning Girl follows the four-year journey of this teenaged judo and wrestling phenomenon and her family, and in so doing tells the dynamic story of an elite athlete on her ascent, a girl facing the challenges of growing up and an entire family dedicated to a single dream. Mitchell Dyer has always been a loner. The only two things he has ever been passionate about are his inventions and his autograph collection. He has only one friend, Vance Marlow. One day, while Mitchell is working in his basement, Vance shows up, claiming that he has invented a device, out of a label maker, that can let him travel in time. Vance convinces Mitchell into coming along with him, as they set out on a hilarious and eye opening quest to get the autographs of the four Gospel writers, Matthew, Mark, Luke and John. Along the way they learn a few things about what is REALLY important in life. In this meta horror film, a demonic entity uses the fictional character of Freddy Krueger to enter the real world and torment "Elm Street" heroine Heather Langenkamp and her family. A deaf actor who plays a superhero on a TV show must look beyond the cape to inspire a deaf boy to believe in himself. Via a magic mirror, Twilight Sparkle travels into an alternate universe in order to recover a crown that was stolen from the Crystal Empire. Upon her arrival she is horrified to learn that she has turned into a human. The mother of a child suffering from cancer struggles to maintain a normal life for her family. Stine is thirty-seven years old and the single mother of three girls. Her daughter Cecilie, now aged eleven, has had cancer since she was two. Cecilie has spent half her life in hospital and Stine along with her. Stine is fighting an unfair battle in unbearable chaos. At the same time, she insists on maintaining some sort of life for all three children. Cowgirls 'n Angels Dakota's Summer tells the story of Dakota Rose, a cowgirl and competitive trick rider who finds out at the age of seventeen that she was adopted. She secretly sets out to discover the truth about her adoption and meet her birth parents while visiting her grandfather, rodeo legend Austin Rose. At Austin's ranch on break from the Sweethearts of the Rodeo trick riding team, Dakota discovers that family is not defined by blood, but rather personal commitment and by the love they share. Finally at peace, Dakota trains with Austin in order to prepare to rejoin the Sweethearts for their final competition against the talented Lone Star trick riding team and become the champion trick rider she was destined to be. Kris Kringle, aka Santa Claus, goes on trial for mental competency in Small Town U.S.A. For years, the land of Altera has observed an uneasy peace between the humans, the elves, and the beasts who are loyal to the legendary Black Dragon. But when the dragon wakes from its hibernation, mobilizing a force of beasts to make war, a small band of humans and elves unite in a search for the secret road to the dragon's lair. At the foot of Mount Panderman, in a house of 6 x 7 m, Iwan dreams to build a bedroom. Living with six other people in the cramped little house, a bedroom is truly a luxury. His father is a public car driver who can't remember his own birthday, while her mother didn't finish elementary school. Iwan grows up together with his four sisters.  It is education that grants a way out. With tenacity, the Apple Town boy can work in the Big Apple, New York. Ten years of his exploration in that most cosmopolitan city makes him able to raise his family's dignity. He manages to hold an important position in one of the biggest multinational corporations.  However the bright lights of New York can't heal a bitter memory. A shocking event brought forth someone who takes him to revisit the past. It is family love that saves all. Singam (Krishna Sekhar) gets cheated out of an original idea of his by a prominent person in the society. He decides to stop pleading and start threatening. He begins with a plan to corner the big shot. He meets Krishnaveni (Vijayalakshmi Agathiyan), who has left home and needs fast money. With a common purpose, they soon become partners and work out a plan. They blackmail the big shot with videotapes that they threaten to release all over the media if he refused to pay up. Buoyed by the success of their maiden outing, they decide to become con artists. They are successful in various ventures and finally end up blackmailing a minister. The minister, after initially caving in to their threats, decides to settle scores. What happens next forms the rest of the story. Life changed for Alejandro Reis - Alex - in just a few brief moments when he discovers that he is not an American citizen. His parents brought him across the Mexican border when he was just months old. Flora Hendricks, on the other hand is born in Missouri. She decides to run away from home. Alex finds himself deported to Mexico On a seeming parallel track, Flora is arrested for shoplifting. And put in the same deportation bus with Alex. Once on Mexican soil Alex and Flora find out quickly that they are way out of their depth. They learn quickly that Tijuana and most of the other border towns are ultra violent places that are overrun by dangerous, warring criminal factions. GO FAR: The Christopher Rush Story chronicles the inspirational life of Christopher Rush, a paraplegic, and national MDA poster child, who lived with muscular dystrophy from birth to death at the age 30, well beyond his predicted two years of life. Chris achieved extraordinary goals despite impossible odds and left behind a philosophy of life for all of us to follow. GO FAR is a motivational film that will teach and inspire not only persons with disabilities, but everyone, to follow their dreams and achieve them, no matter the obstacles. Featuring Tony Orlando, Jerry Lewis, and other celebrities associated with the Muscular Dystrophy Association. Takeshi is an assistent director who remembers his grandfather, who was a Butoh dancer, once asked him: 'Would you dance in a costume that didn't fit you for the rest of your life? Or would you find a costume that fit you perfectly?' Takeshi decides to fight for his dream to break through as a director. It is hard for Karuna to believe that her husband Krishna is seeking gratification in someone else's arms, and when her friend Anushka suggests as much, she resists. Chetana, battling her own feelings of loss, reaches out for Krishna's extended hand. Against the clamorous backdrop of the age-old Machhendranath festival, a thoroughly contemporary drama plays out in the bylanes and courtyards of Patan town. Through the characters, we glimpse a society in transition, where individuals are left to fend for themselves in the anonymity of the city. The film is steeped with the angst of uncertainty created by an economy in the doldrums, with the anger of youth, and with the befuddlement of elders, as protagonists try to adjust to new realities, some with a care for ethics and some without. This is where Krishna finds himself at the end, as Chetana and Karuna decide for themselves. The air is pregnant with possibilities, but the rains do not arrive in Red Monsoon. Two teenage girls travel across the U.S. in 1962, during the chaos of the Cuban missile crisis, in search of Eleanor Roosevelt. A mob courier is given the responsibility of transferring drugs from California to Hawaii. What he doesn't count on is his backstabbing girlfriend hiring an assassin to steal his stash.  The Berestovs, Elena and Sergei, are defeated in the European Figure Skating Championship and must change the program. Elena is unable to withstand the grueling new training. Sergei tries to find a new throwing partner, but realizes his mistake and must return to Elena. Formed by ice, filled by ice, often covered by ice, the Great Lakes encapsulate human exploration, migration, development and where we're headed. PROJECT ICE views North America's fresh water inland ocean through the prism of ice, from the crossroads of history, science and climate change. North America's five Great Lakes contain a staggering twenty percent of all the fresh water on the planet. Lake Superior by itself holds ten percent of Earth's fresh water. Our 4K digital cinema cameras explore this shared Canadian-American resource that holds a timely and telling story of geology, human movement, population growth, industrialization, cultural development, recreation and the profound impact people have had on the very environment they cherish and depend upon. Ice sits at the heart of it all. Amidst the small beautiful city of Guarapari, Brazil, Derek Rabelo's father prayed that his son would become a famous professional surfer. Unfortunately on May 25th 1992, his prayer seemed unanswered when Derek was born blind. Seventeen years later Derek decided that despite his blindness he still wanted to surf and that he wanted to surf Pipeline on the North Shore of Oahu. Through the encouragement of his parents, best friend, and surf coach, Derek embarked on a three-year journey of grueling mental, physical and spiritual training. As Derek perseveres towards his goal of surfing Pipeline, he inspires the best pro-surfers in the world including Kelly Slater, Damien Hobgood, Rob Machado, Lakey Peterson, Taj Burrow, Laird Hamilton and more, who are featured in the film. You will learn from Derek's story that the best journeys in life are walked by faith, and not by sight. Behind The Gate is the untold story of the Sport of Kings, American Horse Racing. Starring Joe Pesci in his first film in seven years, Oscar De La Hoya, Bob Baffert, Bobby Flay and a number of other celebrities and lovers of the sport. The film follows the careers of two horses, HOME JOURNEY and the famous I'LL HAVE ANOTHER, just as one finishes his career and another ends his. The film features behind the scene interviews, races, controversy and the truth about the longest running sport in American History. Ella and Friends second film adaptation Serge Kakudji is a twenty-year-old Congolese counter tenor who fell in love with opera as a young boy, listening to audiotapes of opera recordings in his room in Lubumbashi. Later he traveled to Europe to achieve his dream of becoming a top opera singer. Although Serge's artistic ambitions are pure and uncomplicated, the reactions among his environment and audiences are often ambiguous and divided. While some people respect and acknowledge his artistic vocation, others see him as an exotic oddity, or complain that that his African timbre jars with classical opera. Serge refuses to be discouraged by any of this. On the contrary, he wants to hold up a mirror to Western culture and confront it with its underlying beliefs. He also wants to use his story and experiences in the west to bring opera to Congo. Together with his countrymen and women, he wants to found a Congolese opera tradition based on African stories that will inspire people to follow their dreams. Two brothers, on either side of the law, face off over organized crime in Brooklyn during the 1970s. It's early autumn and Dr. Headley eagerly demonstrates what seems to be a miraculous cure for tuberculosis. Not far from where he is working, the disease seems preparing to soon claim yet another life, a teenage girl named Winifred. Winifred's mother and little sister Trixie are devastated. When Trixie hears the family doctor say of Winifred that "when the last leaf falls, she will have passed away," she interprets the doctor's words literally. Thinking over what she has heard, she determines to do everything possible to save her sister.  Neil, a self proclaimed film geek and owner of Gumshoe video, has always been content to live vicariously through his favorite films noir. But when he meets Violet, a real-life femme fatale, his mundane world gets turned upside down and the line between reality and the movies quickly begins to blur. Will Neil step up and embrace a life full of adventure or retreat back to his comfortable couch? Film, 16mm, black and white, mono sound. Mariposa becomes the Royal Ambassador of Flutterfield, and is sent to bring peace between her fairy land and their rivals, the Crystal Fairies of Shimmervale. While Mariposa doesn't make a great first impression on  the King, she becomes fast friends with his shy daughter, Princess Catania. However, a misunderstanding causes Mariposa to be banished from their fairy land. As Mariposa and Zee returns to Flutterfield, they encounter a dark fairy on her way to destroy Shimmervale. Mariposa rushes back and helps Princess Catania to save their fairy land and together, the two girls prove that the best way to make a friend, is to be a friend. Single mother, Theresa Johnson, becomes homeless, loses her job and tries to survive with her young daughter, Hillary, through charities and public shelters. Khorshid is a young, aspiring scientist in Tehran. Working together with her best friend Mehrnaz, she hopes to prove that human consciousness and positive energies can affect the molecular ... This movie contains three short stories dealing with the theme of homosexuality. In "A Friend of Dorothy", a woman joins the Navy during the 1950's and discovers lesbianism. In "Mr. Roberts", a teacher in a 1970's classroom struggles with his closeted gay status. Finally in "Amos and Andy", a father wrestles with his own emotional acceptance of a present day wedding between his son and another man. `Raju` a mother-less child is orphaned by his father as he is blinded while editing a video that he has made in a local photo studio. He is admitted to a residential blind orphanage run by a depraved man `Narayana` who battens on the money meant for the welfare of the blind and keeps the children in deplorable conditions. Greater - The story of Brandon Burlsworth, possibly the greatest walk-on in the history of college football.  Visually stunning and equally entertaining, Red Tide Pictures brings you the best, explaining what they do the best: Ride. Technical endurocross, deep sand, high speed desert, and deep wooded trails: no problem. This is not your father's "instructional," Heck, it's not even your older brother's. We have redefined the term through new age cinema technology that truly displays the dynamic form of each individual's unique skill set. Two young boys must decide what is more important for them - duty or friendship. Bright and independent 12-year-old Summer Larsen rescues a sweet, stray dog and will stop at nothing to save him. And it's her determination that ultimately impacts those around her. Elvi ja Rauha-aunt gets an brilliant idea: they need to find a Man, that is suitable father figure for Risto. Risto does not like this idea at all, neither does the neighbour Lennart who happens to have a thing for Rauha. In order help Risto to get off this ordeal Lennart tries to create a perfect Man that might fulfill Rauha's constantly changing ideas what a perfect Man is suppose to be. Australian filmmaker Sophia Turkiewicz investigates why her Polish mother abandoned her and uncovers the truth behind her mother's wartime escape from a Siberian gulag, leaving Sophia to confront her own capacity for forgiveness. Yukio is a typical high school student in every way except that he's an only child in a family of five. This is because he has four fathers, each with their own unique personalities and interests. The only thing they share in common is their love of their son. When Yukio witnesses a robbery, he becomes involved in a bizarre string of incidents involving his fathers. Young Viyan, is forcibly given to wealthy elder businessman, Haji Hemmo. When she runs out of the bedroom and climbs a tree, refusing to sleep with him, the respected elder looses face and becomes the laughing-stock of the town. In return, he punishes her by beating her and locking her up in the bedroom. The more the townsfolk mock him the harder he beats her. Meanwhile, a traveling young artist, Botan tries to reach out to her. This leads to Haji Hemmo's resolve to set her on fire.  Three women of different generations living in a waning industrial town, struggle to restore meaning in their life . The passion of the riders and the soul of their machines.  WINNER - Best Documentary -Motorcycle Film Festival 2013 -- An inspiring adventure into the world of motorcycling, told by the famous racers, passionate riders and everyday families who live each day to the fullest on their two-wheeled machines. Before The French revolution came along and spoiled their fun, the rich aristocrats spent most of their time indulging in the pleasures of the flesh- on a grand scale. Huge Banquets would be laid out for the so-called "ladies and gentlemen" of the court- with the main course being an orgy of unbridled debauchery. Shot entirely on film by Europe's acclaimed director Joe D'Amato, 120 Days of Sodom, is a lavish period production that lives up to its portrayal of the "beautiful people" and their pursuit of pleasure in every possible form. Shot on location in Europe with an all-star cast from America and abroad, this beautiful, sensual, and provocative film celebrates the art of making love- with a decidedly kinky twist. Great cities for cycling, are better places for everyone. Bike City, Great City is an uplifting ride through cities that are embracing cycling as a liberating, convenient and healthy way to get where you want to go. This documentary tells the story of Brolin Mawejje and his bout to become Africa's first Olympic snowboarder. Born in Kampala, Uganda, Brolin's life has been a tumultuous journey of highs and lows, rejection and acceptance. With the support of his community, Brolin is realizing his potential as an Olympian and as a doctor with dreams of building a hospital in his country's capital. When the Angel's Soccer team's top player is injured, the Coach decides to play water girl McKenzie Adams. Things don't go precisely according to plan... Plot unknown. An enigmatic outsider living on a remote Scottish island finds herself caught between her minister husband and the delinquent who is sent to live with them. HRH The Prince of Wales reveals an extraordinary treasure trove of rarely seen art by members of the Royal Family past and present, exploring a colorful palette of intimate family memory and observation. Filmed at Balmoral, Highgrove, Windsor Castle, Frogmore, and Osborne House, Royal Paintbox features art by members of the Royal Family down the centuries including some of HRH The Prince of Wales's own watercolors. Tabloid reporters are sent by their editor to investigate after the paper recieves a letter from a woman claiming an angel is living with her. A group of lifeguards attempt to kill an atomic shark that is terrorizing the coast of San Diego. A young boy plays with his trampoline that just might give him a greater power A down-on-his-luck ethics professor ends up on a completely unhinged run across the Mexican border with his teenage daughter in tow - and four undocumented immigrants in the trunk. Cool Cat is the coolest cat in town. All the kids love him. Except for the bully Butch, who hates Cool Cat for his coolness. He terrorizes Cool Cat, his friends and family with threats, taunting, and the internet. Can Cool Cat face his fears and defeat the bully Derrick? From saved memories of a long journey, a letter is sent to the future. Alone, away from home and on the eve of her 30th birthday, a Brazilian is on a journey through Africa. In the letter to her daughter, she tells of encounters with women living in their cultures and times. A diary, a road movie and an invitation to all the people who lead their own paths. An old, abandoned bicycle learns to love again. The feature film ' The Birth Reborn' portrays the serious obstetric reality in the world, which is characterized by an alarming number of cesarean or deliveries with traumatic and unnecessary interventions, as opposed to what is known and recommended by science today. This situation has serious perinatal, psychological, social, anthropological and financial consequences. Through the reports of some of the leading experts in the area and the latest scientific discoveries, the film questions the current obstetric model, leads to a reflection on the new paradigm of the twenty-first century and the future of a civilization born without the so-called 'love hormones', released only under specific conditions of labor. Vera Kohn, a Jewish woman of German descent born in Prague in 1912, fled from Czechoslovakia to Latin America in 1939, where she built a new life for herself as a theater actress in Quito, Ecuador. The trauma of losing home stayed with her forever. A severe mental breakdown changed her life. She spent three years with German Gestalt therapist Karlfried Graf Duerckheim in the Black Forest where she was introduced to his 'Initial Therapy'. Cured, she returned to Ecuador and became the country's most influential psychotherapist. The documentary essay tells the story of various encounters between the Austrian filmmaker whose grandfather was an SS soldier and the remarkable 98-year-old Jewish psychologist. German family Schroeder is spending their Christmas holidays on the Thai island, Phuket. Of all the things, deep within the sleazy tourist bars and alleys of Patong, the youngest son Felix falls in love with a gorgeous Thai girl Fai who in return appears to mutually attracted to him. "My best gift" is the story of Daniel (Plutarco Haza), who is facing difficult times both affective and professionally, but  life gives him a motivation to keep going. One day, Don Gustavo (Aaron Hernan) unexpectedly knocks at his door,  arriving with  the news that he has a daughter, Samantha (Sophia de la Mora), the product of a relationship with an ex girlfriend (Erendira Ibarra) 8 years ago; but unfortunately she died and now he has to take care of his daughter. After running away and finally finding her dream forever home, 13 year old foster kid Zoey Manning suddenly finds herself in a fight to protect her new family and their beloved dog Max. In 1825, Claire, a 21-year-old Irish convict, chases a British soldier through the rugged Tasmanian wilderness, bent on revenge for a terrible act of violence he committed against her family. She enlists the services of an Aboriginal tracker named Billy, who is also marked by trauma from his own violence-filled past. City police surround a building attempting to capture a suspected murder. The suspect knows there is no escape but refuses to give in. The team of people who saved Winter's life reassemble in the wake of her surrogate mother's passing in order to find her a companion so she can remain at the Clearwater Marine Hospital. An assassin is shot by her ruthless employer, Bill, and other members of their assassination circle - but she lives to plot her vengeance. Director helmut Dietls and Patric Susskinds illustrate a legendary story of two lovers who cant keep themselves away from death.  Adopted from South Korea, raised on different continents &amp; connected through social media, Samantha &amp; Anais believe that they are twin sisters separated at birth. Swimming superstar Missy Franklin was destined for greatness at an early age, but it wasn't until the arrival of Veteran Kara Lynn Joyce that those sky-high expectations began to take shape. Siblings Kate and Teddy try to prove Santa Claus is real, but when they accidentally cause his sleigh to crash, they have to save Christmas.  In this award-winning inspirational story of family survival, close-knit siblings of Mexican/Native American descent from Chardon, Ohio intimately reflect on the quiet heroism of their humble devoted father, and how they overcame incredible odds to become National Champions, World Record holders, and Olympic contenders as runners in the 1970s and 80s. Lenna, her furry best friend Bandit, and a few other students plan to pull a prank on the Principal the last day of school...The night of their dastardly deed, they encounter treasure map toting thieves looking for gold buried underneath the school's gym. The students are discovered by the thieves and barely escape and they are blamed by the principal for the damage. Bandit recruits a few of his own four legged pals to help the kids and lead them home. After his young son dies from the negligence at a hospital, Harry Fertig takes matters into his own hands and kills the doctors responsible. Slick lawyer Roy Bleakie, looking only to win a case and not caring of the matters involved, is assigned Fertig's case. Shocked to hear that his client wants to plead guilty, the case causes Bleakie to question his own morals by defending an honorable man. Nursing home Zonnedael has been shut down by director Bomhoff: the psychiatric in-patients Bep Brul, the Major, Fats, Ms. De Haas and Dr. Doolittle  are reintroduced into society against their wishes. Nurse Ten Hoeven, who always cared for her patients with love and care, is grieving: her main purpose in life has gone. To make matters worse, she is kidnapped. Of course the patients take action immediately. Under the Major's guidance they embark on a risky and lunatic venture, to finally discover the incredible truth behind the kidnapping. The villain of the story, the Shadow is back. After the Lion Max have stopped to get the powerful crystals Lion, the Shadow discovered the existence of even more powerful crystals, the crystals of Dinosaur, and will do everything to achieve. The hero of Hello, a friend Leena, the chameleon Tics and porcupine spikes, double humorous film, must travel to the past and try to prevent the crystals from falling into the hands of the dinosaur Shadow. The task proves to be even more difficult because the Shadow has a dangerous new ally: Queen Felina. The Shadow will persuade the Queen Feline traveling back in time through the magical portal of time, of which this is the key, and bring the three power crystals, which are guarded by a powerful or T-Rex, or by fierce Skyhunters or by secret Trispikes. The question is whether Max can conquer the past and thus save the future. Satyanathen (Jayaram) is a teacher at Vivekodayam school, Thrissur . His wife Priya (Gopika) is a bank employee and he has a fourteen year old son Bhaskaran. Satyanathan is an alcoholic. After school hours, he can be seen with his friends in the local bar or at thekkinkad maithanam where they play cards.he is dissatisfied with his life and wife. He befriends some young men of the new generation whose lifestyle tempts him to take up their style. The film follows the events that follow as a flashback from his son. America is in the midst of the Depression, and the Kamp family is struggling to get by, especially after Mrs. Kamp's untimely death. Now little Ruthie, with her mother gone and her father overwhelmed by doctor bills resulting from her brother's polio, expects another Christmas without presents or festivities. But when her father brings home one dollar in change and lets the children use it to buy special gifts for each other, the Kamps come to find that money isn't what fills Christmas with joy, love, and miracles. The Club of St. Nicholas is surprised when Amerigo, the horse of St. Nicholas, can suddenly talk. They want to discover how this is possible, but before they can find out how this has happened, villain Jef Vandenaere steals the horse. He is hoping to win a talent contest with it. But St. Nicholas' eve can't continue without Amerigo! Will the Club, with the help of Stijn, succeed in finding the horse back on time? And can St. Nicholas' eve still be celebrated this year? Dan Warner is a desaturator, tasked with sapping beauty from the world in a future where Color is used as energy. When his superiors suspect that he may secretly be hoarding color in order to support his "unhealthy" passion for drawing, Dan is reassigned to the outer precincts where he is faced with a decision that will decide the course of his future. David, who gets by doing odd jobs, meets Lena, who has just moved up to Paris, and falls in love. But soon after, his life is brutally interrupted by the sudden death of his sister. Beyond the shock, and the pain, David now finds himself alone with his young niece Amanda to care for.  Five women, Anikha, Isha, Gauri, Kullante and Aami, undergo life-changing experiences with regard to love. When Kassie and her friends stumble across an old, broken pocket watch they begin an unexpected journey to unlock the secret of the legendary Garrison Gold. They'll have to solve riddles and follow clues to find the lost treasure. With the help of her faithful dog, Scoot and her gang of misfit friends, Kassie is about to go on the adventure of a lifetime!  - Written by BigK509 Visiting the charming lake town of Culver, a boy genius and his sister race against bullies to find a treasure hidden by an eccentric philanthropist. Robby screwed up. And because he is afraid of going home, he escapes head over heels into the wood. But there are living some dark 'friends', who are just waiting for such a young desperate boy who get lost in the wood! The Magician Stefan wants to have Robbies childhood and the bad-tempered robber-chief sneaks through the wood with his machete. No wonder that Robby is in big trouble very soon. The comedy film sees TV Burp star Hill embark on a road trip to Blackpool with his Nan (Julie Walters) when he discovers that his hamster only has one week to live.  He Na and her mother live in the small city by the river of Xiangjiang River, She didn't understand why her mother loved a guy who is not at all a good men. One day she found a secrets from the men, she told her mother, which led to her family misfortune. Quitters tells the story of the Raymans, a wealthy Jewish family that's falling apart. The son, Clark, is a bright and curious high schooler with a talent for manipulation. As his mother May enters treatment for a pill addiction, and he and his father Roger stop getting along, Clark thinks about running away from home. He just needs to decide where to go. It's the end of the school year. The long-awaited moment of the holidays is arrive. The little Nicolas, her parents and Grandma take the road towards the sea, and settle in for some time at the Hotel Beau-Rivage. Spoiled 18-yr-old Dani Fielding's world is turned upside down when her father gets arrested for securities fraud, and she has to leave her upscale life in the city to stay with her gruff Uncle Sam out in the country. As Dani and her uncle struggle to bond, she's given an orphaned horse to foster and train. Dani pours her affection into this young horse, calling her Stormy and giving her all the attention she's missing from her unsettled life. Dani soon realizes that truly caring about others is the answer to most of life's biggest problems. And when her uncle and friends need her the most, Dani and Stormy work together to save the day and learn the true meaning of the word, family. When Janet Turner comes to believe God has given her the power to heal, her two grown children wrestle with how to react. Theo, not the most popular boy at his school, dreams of escaping the dreary everyday life, experiencing adventure and accomplishing great heroic deeds. His dream seems to be fulfilled when, one day, he finds a very old and magical book in the library and fascinates him with a short hand. He forges the plan to forge a ring with his best friend Bonav and the rebellious Laura, who can make him invisible. The charm succeeds, but the three friends conjure up all sorts of dangers of magical, but also secular nature. Only the mysterious red wizard Arkandias can now help you out of trouble. Taipei in the 70's, a small village, with people from different backgrounds whom are tightly connected with each other. The Liu's daughter - Liang Liang is seven years old, she is a naive and lively child.  One day, she bravely save her little friends from a fire in a car accident, unfortunately she fell into a coma. In her coma, she dreamed of participating in the nation's first marathon... A circle of thirty-something friends reunite for a weekend away to celebrate the same sex wedding of a member of their group. Yet, despite their best efforts to behave themselves, a series of surprise plans, unexpected arrivals and exposed secrets lead to an explosion of drama that, coupled with the flammable combination of hurt feelings, unresolved tensions, and lots of wine cannot be contained.  The film tells the story of a young man who dreams of securing high jobs by completing his doctorate, but is forced to spend his days in a pig farm. A countryside dramedy (drama-comedy) that follows 14-year-old Diana and her younger brother who live by themselves after their mother went abroad and their father lived with another woman. Set in a remote purok, where people display positive outlook in life despite daily struggles, the film features the light side of country lifestyle as the main characters take advantage of the fun and thrills of the town festival to take hold of their sweet childhood. A family on a road trip is stalked by criminals who stashed stolen money in their car. The loyalty of a tight group of friends is put to the test when there's a date rape within the circle. Vacationing on historic Nantucket Island, a teenage mystery writer and her friends must outwit two scheming thieves to solve the secret behind a legendary ghost story. An eccentric socialite raises a gorilla as her son. A dark, futuristic tale of society's doomed near future.  Life is not easy for Laika, a dog on the outskirts of a big Russian city. She is caught and forcibly retrained to become a pioneer in astronautics. Soon after her lift-off into space, a number of animals follow that are hurriedly launched from Houston and Baikonur. The animals travel astray, but finally manage, with the help of a black hole, to colonize a faraway planet. After a short period of harmonious, undisturbed co-existence with indigenous life forms, however, first human cosmonaut run ashore on their planet, and their harmonious life, indeed their very survival, are suddenly in jeopardy. When a young girl finds out that, due to her existence, her seven brothers are struck by a curse and have to live their lives as ravens, she goes out in a quest to find them. Considered to be the first German feature length stop motion film. Class 6b is going camping, led by Mees Kees and Principal Dreus. But after Dreus strains her back all responsibility suddenly rests on the shoulders of Kees. When things go wrong, he begins to doubt himself. But he soon learns that it is not about making mistakes, but about how to solve them. A short experimental documentary is filmed at the last drive-in movie theater in Los Angeles, located in a desolate area called the City of Industry. Floating within a backdrop of smokestacks, beacon towers and passing trains, dislocated Hollywood images filled with apocalyptic angst are re-framed and reflected through car windows and mirrors as the displacement of the radio broadcast soundtrack collides with the projections upon and surrounding the multiple screens. In VINELAND, the nocturnal landscape is seen as a border zone aglow with dreamlike illusions revealing overlapping realities at the intersection of nostalgia and alienation. When an American woman takes an impromptu journey to Mumbai too get away from her overbearing mother, she befriends an Indian woman striving to balance her family's culture with modern day demands. What ensues is an ethnic and generational mash-up that will leave audiences enthralled at the calamity of old-school traditions and contemporary lifestyle. A man-cub named Mowgli fostered by wolves. After a threat from the tiger Shere Khan, Mowgli is forced to flee the jungle, by which he embarks on a journey of self discovery with the help of the panther, Bagheera and the free-spirited bear, Baloo.  On the verge of leaving for basic training in the Army, a teenaged girl spends her last week at home trying to make sure it will be the same place when she returns. After hearing a frightening supernatural warning, Keri, a young mother, takes an urgent road trip south during the Christmas holidays with her two kids and a mysterious neighbor haunted by ghosts from his past. Road anxiety and a veteran's Post Traumatic Stress Disorder collide. Keri faces dangerous situations and ultimately learns a heartbreaking truth which tests the limits of forgiveness. Based on the play 'Cyrano de Bergerac', large-nosed C.D. Bales falls for the beautiful Roxanne--while she falls for his personality but another man's looks. After an encounter with Walter Breuning, the World's Oldest Man, Hunter Weeks and his fiance Sarah Hall take an adventure to meet the oldest people in the world, including some of the last people born in the 1800s. Capturing the extraordinary lives of people 110 years or older, the couple's journey sheds light on what is truly important in life. Traveling across the United States, Cuba, and Italy, Hunter and Sarah explore life's lessons through the stories of several living supercentenarians and the families that support them. WALTER connects us to the inspiring lives of our elders and their lessons for living life right. When a robot dog from the future pops up in their backyard on a mission to help them, 11-year-old James and his beloved golden retriever, Rex, learn that it is up to them to save the world from Dr. Apocalypse, an evil scientist, and his wily robotic Destructo-Cat. After his wife passes away trying to cross a mountain, Manjhi, out of sheer rage, sets on a quest to carve a road through the treacherous mountain. After 20 years of praying for his daughter to let him back into her life, a 65-year-old Ty gets his wish when the prodigal requests his help in dealing with a financial bind and her rebellious teenage son. Ty's first encounter with his grandson, whom the grandfather has never met, leads to a challenge for a two mile race that alters the course of life of the young man as well as the grandfather. Jazz in Love by Baby Ruth Villarama tells the story of Jazz, a young man from Davao whose dream wedding is within reach: his boyfriend of 11 months has proposed. Because no law allows him to get married in the Philippines, he must fly to Germany, his boyfriend's home country, and tie the knot there. One of the things that stand in his way is his inability to speak Deutsch, and to address that he must temporarily relocate to Manila for language lessons. Meanwhile, his parents remain completely unaware of the radical changes that his life is about to undergo. A young man returns home to care for his sick mother undergoing a transformation from caretaker, patient, to activist over the course of 18 years. In 2011, Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Jose Antonio Vargas outed himself as an undocumented immigrant in the New York Times Magazine. 'Documented' chronicles his journey to America from the Philippines as a child; his journey through America as an immigration reform activist/provocateur; and his journey inward as he re-connects with his mother, whom he hasn't seen in 20 years. A famous photographer, Jo Ellen Hathaway, has been being stalked for quite some time. She returns to the island she grew up on in an effort to get away from the stalker and get some well-needed relaxation time. On the island, she meets up with old friends and boyfriends and works on relationships with her family. However, she can't shake the feeling that she's still being watched. In comic Woody Allen's film debut, he took the Japanese action film "International Secret Police: Key of Keys" and re-dubbed it, changing the plot to make it revolve around a secret egg salad recipe. The Freeling family move in with Diane's mother in an effort to escape the trauma and aftermath of Carol Anne's abduction by the Beast. But the Beast is not to be put off so easily and appears in a ghostly apparition as the Reverend Kane, a religeous zealot responsible for the deaths of his many followers. His goal is simple - he wants the angelic Carol Anne. Two sisters struggle with what it means to be a mother. One after the sudden loss of her baby, the other with her own inability to care for her young child. Together they find hope in the face of tragedy. Hamid struggles to care for his younger brothers when their father abandons them for Pakistan. Based on true events. A queer lady holiday movie that follows the lives of three very different couples in dealing with their love lives in various loosely interrelated tales all set right before Christmas through New Years. Alex, blind since the age of two, dreams of running for his school's cross-country team. His father, a probation officer, finds a running partner who spends his time 'running' from the law. Homer's Odyssey meets King of Kong as two uber geeks try to collect all 700+ Nintendo Entertainment System cartridges in 30 days, WITHOUT the aid of online purchasing. A teenage boy lives with his single mum in a flat in South London. Into the flat below moves an anti-social, former Rock God who faked his death 8 years ago. The teenage boy works out who the mysterious neighbour is and blackmails him into teaching him the dark arts of Rock Guitar. Successful businesswoman Maria has achieved everything except what she wants the most - a baby of her own. She decides to deal with the matter by herself and embarks on a desperate and dangerous journey in order to make her dream come true. Isabelle is an inspired dancer, but when her sister and a classmate make her doubt herself, she's motivated by a ballerina to find her own way to shine. Stars Erin Pitt & Grace Davidson. Based on the bestselling novel by Michael Ende (The Neverending Story), this epic fantasy adventure follows a young orphan boy JIM BUTTON, his best friend LUKE and a magical steam engine called EMMA as they travel across the world in search of the truth about where Jim came from. Battling pirates and dragons, outsmarting make-believe giants, they must travel through the Forest of a Thousand Wonders, beyond the End of the World to find the hidden Dragon City. The discovery of a horse on the balcony of a neighbour's apartment one winter's night completely transforms the life of 10-year-old Mika, who embarks on a series of crazy adventures to save the horse before it's too late. In their third cinema adventure the Famous Five are searching for a pirate treasure... In a powerful story about teamwork, acceptance and finding one's calling, little Raven and his friends take part in an exciting and tumultuous race through the forest. A Reno singer witnesses a mob murder and the cops stash her in a nunnery to protect her from the mob's hitmen. The mother superior does not trust her, and takes steps to limit her influence on the other nuns. Eventually the singer rescues the failing choir and begins helping with community projects, which gets her an interview on TV--and identification by the mob. One day seventeen-year-old Alma sees her father who had left the family five years before and had never contacted them since then accidentally on a subway stop in Berlin. She finds out where he works and start spending time together. Very soon the feelings they have for each other extend a normal father-daughter basis and they erotically attract each other. Everyone has to deal with crises in life, including Christians. And sometimes, the reality of life can seem unbearable. But we can rest in the knowledge that God loves us, He weeps in our times of pain, and He can be glorified through suffering. Narrated by Dr. James Dobson, Hope for Hurting Hearts tells the stories of how Greg and Cathe Laurie, Jeremy Camp, Nick Vujicic, and their families dealt with times of trial. Each of these individuals has stood at a 'spiritual crossroads' marked by challenging and painful circumstances, and each has chosen the road of trusting, following, and glorifying God. 'The Ground Beneath Their Feet' tells the story of two young women who are paralyzed when a devastating earthquake strikes the north of Pakistan. Ruqiya and Khalida have not only lost the use of their legs, but also their place in society as their disability will not allow them to fulfill their culture role of becoming wives and mothers. What does this mean for their future? We follow their journey over the course of fives years as they struggle with their physical and emotional recovery, and reexamine what it means to be a woman in the Muslim world. Two teenage assassins accept what they think will be a quick-and-easy job, until an unexpected target throws them off their plan. It's graduation weekend, and Sandy Channing, the popular class president of her small-town high school, should be enjoying the time of her life. But when her friends start disappearing, Sandy discovers they have unwittingly awakened the vengeful spirit of a girl they wronged long ago. Fighting for her sanity, Sandy must unlock a dark secret from her own past before it's too late. At an altitude of 18,000 feet, Alaska's Mount St. Elias is the destination for a trio of mountaineers determined to reach the mountain's summit, and to ski back down as well. Mount St. Elias documents their journey as they trek the fine line between bravery and madness. In a near-future city where soaring opulence overshadows economic hardship, Gwen and her daughter, Jules, do all they can to hold on to their joy, despite the instability surfacing in their world. A look at how a painter and a successful actor spend their last day together before the world comes to an end.  Bette Midler talks about her childhood in Honolulu, her transformation in high school, her singing career and her breakout role in "The Rose." Midler also dances and discusses her sassy Divine Miss M persona. Clips include "The Rose," "Big Business" and "Beaches." Interviewer: James Lipton. Have a box of Kleenex tissues handy, as Bette will definitely make you cry. Neil, Will and Simon receive an invite from Jay to join him in Australia whilst on his gap year, who promises them it's "the sex capital of the world". With their lives now rather dull compared to their hedonistic school days and legendary lads holiday, it's an offer they can't refuse. Once again, they put growing up temporarily on-hold, and embark on a backpacking holiday of a lifetime in an awful car, inspired by Peter Andre's 'Mysterious Girl'. Will soon finds himself battling with the lads to do something cultural, whilst they focus their attention on drinking, girls, and annoying fellow travelers. The stories of three characters whose joy, passion and despair overflow in one bed are tangled like a puzzle. Tantalizing but heartbreaking, stimulating but sad, this movie explores human desires without hesitation and fear. B (Bed for Werther), E (Erotic desire of Aphrodite) and D (Dream about comfortable slumber) talk about the same bed with different languages and different gestures. A headstrong Chinese-American woman returns to China when her beloved grandmother is given a terminal diagnosis. Billi struggles with her family's decision to keep grandma in the dark about her own illness as they all stage an impromptu wedding to see grandma one last time.  As a traveler searches for a place called Confidence, he keeps running into other versions of himself. Portrait of Costa da Morte (coast region in Galicia, Spain) from an ethnographic and landscape level, exploring also the collective imagination associated with the area. A region marked by strong oceanic feeling dominated by the historical conception of world's end and with tragic shipwrecks.  Fragmentary film that approaches to the anthropological from its protagonists: sailors, shellfish, loggers, farmers ... A selection of characters representative of the traditional work carried out in the countryside in the region, allowing us to reflect on the influence of the environment on people. A group of movie professionals go into a studio to, over a single day, read / test/ count / live the story of 'The Silly Ones and The Stupid Ones'. Sitting around a table and following the directions of the director, the actors show us the evolution of the creating process and how the characters through the trials, indications, lighting or props, that at first were just a story captured on a script becomes a film, in cinema, the great optical illusion, the visual lies that allows us to enjoy the stories we see on the screen. Framed in the 1940s for the double murder of his wife and her lover, upstanding banker Andy Dufresne begins a new life at the Shawshank prison, where he puts his accounting skills to work for an amoral warden. During his long stretch in prison, Dufresne comes to be admired by the other inmates -- including an older prisoner named Red -- for his integrity and unquenchable sense of hope. 'By The Grace Of God' follows the tragic odyssey of Juergen, whose attempt to make contact with his imagined mother, the Queen of England, leads him to a sense of personal crisis, of aporia. 13 year old Samantha and her 6 year old brother, William Paul, survive a major tragedy that sees their whole family dead, leaving them in a foster home. Life at the foster home slowly becomes abusive and the kids run away and attempt to survive on their own in some abandoned structures in the woods. When the food and supplies run out, Samantha is forced to find a way to feed her brother. She turns to her musical abilities, while finding help from a mysterious source. William Paul falls ill and the clock begins ticking for Samantha to find food and medicine. Will she find it in time? Following the death of her parents, a Girl returns home to confront the monsters of her past. Take a look at Kader Attou's choreography, Les corps etrangers (Foreign Bodies), performed by the Accrorap Company. A dance inspired by an absolute masterpiece of Dutch painting,The Last Judgement by Rogier van der Weyden. Josh Selig -  Jasper Newell 7 nightmarish films. A brute shows a local boy hell through his haunted ax, the streets of Madison are stalked by a deranged sexual psychopath, Ed Gein is resurrected as a dentist with a penchant for extraction, the flipside of the American family screams itself to life, and an elicit drug transforms a singer into the angel of death!!! Hole in the Wall brings the nasty underbelly of life right into your home. Left home alone with his dog Harry, young Ray finds himself in a bit of trouble when Harry gets loose in the suspicious neighbor's house and accidentally knocks over a top-secret invisibility potion! Now, with crooks and the FBI on his tail, Ray needs to find his invisible mischievous mutt before they do - and get Harry back before his parents get home! In Leon Blum primary school, nearly all the children come from the Gypsy community, which lives nearby. A little girl's physical and emotional reawakening after an accident claims her father and her spirit. Three friends are on the verge of getting their video game financed when their benefactor is taken hostage by terrorists. 1896, Montmartre: the Can-Can, the dance in which the women lift their skirts, is forbidden. Nevertheless Simone has it performed every day in her night club. Her employees use their female charm to let the representatives of law enforcement look the other way - or even attend the shows. But then the young ambitious judge Philippe Forrestier decides to bring this to an end. Will Simone manage to twist him round her little finger, too? Her boyfriend Francois certainly doesn't like to watch her trying. A retired entertainer makes his living as a street musician on the streets of London. Two young children befriend the old musician, brightening his otherwise colorless life Cast, crew, and fans explore the "Back to the Future" time-travel trilogy's resonance throughout our culture 30 years after Marty McFly went back in time. "Be with Me" consists of three stories of love vs. solitude: (1) An aging, lonesome shopkeeper doesn't believe in life any more since his wife died. But he is saved from desperation by reading an autobiographical book and meeting its author, a deaf and blind lady of his own age. (2) Fatty, a security guard in his fifties, lives for two things: good food and love for a pretty executive living in his block of flats. But, if it is easy to satisfy his first need winning the heart of the distant belle is a horse of another color. (3) Two teenage schoolgirls get to know each other on the Internet. Soon they fall in love. From MGA Entertainment, the creators of Lalaloopsy, comes an enchanted movie adventure. Sheltered in the land of Eternal Daylight, Princess Dawn dreams of a world beyond the palace. Certain the forbidden Night World holds the key to her past, Dawn embarks on a mystical moonlit adventure and discovers that the two worlds were divided by an evil sorceress. When Mats stumbles upon a pair of pants containing an unlimited amount of money, everything changes. Now he can buy everything he ever wanted, not knowing that powerful forces are tracking him down. The boy with the golden pants is an adventure film based on the Swedish classical bestseller by Max Lundgren. A coming of age story about a washed up twenty something year old, the onetime hometown hero and track star, who is convinced by a local sweetheart to run a marathon and get his life back on track. Heroes Mickey and his best friend, Sully, are forced to take on a mission to save our country from the evil plans of Admiral Ironsides. The Admiral and his motley crew of modern day pirates have taken control of a large merchant ship with plans of deploying a new type of weapon that could destroy every electronic device on Earth. If Ironsides succeeds, it could be the end of the world as we know it. A bomber has planted 7 bombs on a transatlantic cruise ship. While a crack bomb squad team try to defuse the bombs the police attempt to track down the mad bomber. A youth in middle of self-discovery, offending with his father, just discovering his sexuality and hiding it again. A boy who's often lonely loses a loved one and is in love with the wrong one. Since he won the lottery, Pancho, a Jack Russell Terrier dog, lives a life full of luxury. His personal assistant manages his fortune. After trying to strike a deal with Pancho to make him become a star of the toy industry, Investor Montalban will try to kidnap Pancho by any means. Pancho will discover real life dangers, and understand real wealth is in friendship. A speeding truck sends Robert into purgatory, with the probability of a warm climate. He escapes to Earth and tries to fix things before purgatory catches up with him. Kenny Wells, a modern-day prospector, hustler, and dreamer, is desperate for a lucky break. Left with few options, Wells teams up with an equally luckless geologist to execute a grandiose, last-ditch effort: to find gold deep in the uncharted jungle of Indonesia. Army Staff Sgt. Travis Mills, one of five quadruple amputees to survive their injuries, provides insight into the life of a wounded soldier as he faces the physical and emotional challenges of his wounds. Set in a tiny seaside town, Fabio Mollo's feature debut is a quietly evocative drama about a family's attempts to cope with the loss of their son, and the impact of his absence on his teenaged sister Grazia. Vietnam veteran Archibald Wright works as a house painter. One family he paints a house for has a problem he can relate to: Elaine, a woman who hired him, left his husband J.P., also a Vietnam vet while he was in 'Nam, and J.P. became an alcoholic. Archibald tries to help their daughter Tory to maintain a connection with J.P., and Elaine is strongly against it. A Communist officer falls hard for a married woman trying to escape from Hungary. BELLE is inspired by the true story of Dido Elizabeth Belle, the illegitimate mixed race daughter of a Royal Navy Admiral. Raised by her aristocratic great-uncle Lord Mansfield and his wife, Belle's lineage affords her certain privileges, yet the color of her skin prevents her from fully participating in the traditions of her social standing. Left to wonder if she will ever find love, Belle falls for an idealistic young vicar's son bent on change who, with her help, shapes Lord Mansfield's role as Lord Chief Justice to end slavery in England The chilling story of a middle class man whose desperate weathering of the current economic crisis ends with the arrival one night of a debt collector with an offer that surely cannot be turned down. An Alaskan mother and her ten year old son sell everything to travel the world for a year. In their first screen appearance together, Stan plays a penniless dog lover and Oliver plays a crook who tries to rob him and his new paramour. Inner city kids from a poor neighborhood go up against the undefeated Beverly Hills Junior National Karate Team. Gabriel tells the story of an archangel who fights to bring light back to purgatory - a place where darkness rules - and save the souls of the city's inhabitants. Sune and his family discovers an old painting that could be worth a fortune. There's only one problem, it lacks a signature. Follow the Anderssons in a wacky roadtrip through Europe, filled with crazy fun.  Join the Shushie cast, as Snoozies, Dozie and Zeez, who live in Shushybye Village, make beautiful dreams for children. Featuring seven lively and entertaining episodes, one for each day of the week, you and your child will laugh and delight in the magical tales, bedtime stories and musical performances of the Shusybye Dream Band. SHUSHYBYE BABY provides a nurturing and imaginative way for children to look forward to bedtime. All aboard the Shushybye Train! High school senior, Nick gets forced by his parents to attend a boring family party instead of letting him to go a local summer concert with his baseball buddies. He meets a group of teens--including a girl named Arti--who are all stuck at the party too.  They soon realize they all have tickets to the same local concert and hash out a plan to sneak out. Their scheme falls apart when they're met with another jealous childhood friend, a missing diamond necklace and a small religious ceremony put on by the adults.  Can they find a way out or is this family party the end of Nick's night? A parable on the moribund human bonds in a fast-paced world, which is a warning that poignantly highlights the futility of life and death. Gang-cheol is a legendary street fighter in Busan, who cleaned up his act to care for his sick mother. Things are going well for him, and he's happy in a budding relationship with Su-ji, vacationing in the seaside town. As their relationship grows, Gang-cheol is dragged into the criminal underworld when he sees Busan gangsters Sang-gon and Hwi-gon re-staging the accidental death of a Yakuza mobster as an accident and an old friend, Jong-su, gives him up to the Busan gang. Knowing he's desperate for money for his mother's operation, Sang-gon proposes that Gang-cheol works for him. Gang-cheol refuses, but when Jong-su gives the deed to Gang-cheol's how to Sang-gon as collateral for a private loan, Gang-cheol is left with no choice, but to bite the bullet. A young director tries to understand his estranged relationship with his father An homage to her grandmother, the director Zhang Yan shares with us the touching story of how her grandmother, an ethnic Chosun (Korean) minority in China, met and married her grandfather more than 50 years ago, in the grandmother's own words. The grandmother tells us about the traditional customs on the first night of the wedding, along with her hopes and expectations of that era as she reflects on how her life turned out. Mixing with realistic and surreal language, this film depicts the concept and feelings of love from an old woman's aspect through her life and memories. Kunjananthante Kada is a 2013 Malayalam drama film written and directed by Salim Ahamed. The film stars Mammootty in the titular role, as a shopkeeper, alongside debutante actress Nyla Usha while Salim Kumar and Balachandra Menon play other pivotal roles. The story is about a small-time shopkeeper in Kannur and his attempt to find his own place in a rapidly changing world. Shih captures the return of Paola Shih to Taiwan to meet with her father after twenty years of separation. Following Paola in her remaking of the relationship and re-adaptation to the taiwanese culture, the film explores the nature of family ties, and its singularities in our modern and globalized world. The Svensson family goes on a ski-vacation during the winter holiday. Sune, the family flirt girl-charmer, is yet again pulled into a difficult relationship and his father Rudolf is pushed into difficulty parent challenges while the little brother Hakan is up to no good. The big sister being ashamed of her family and the mother Karin tries to glue the family together and enjoy their vacation. A young Russian heiress of fortune is going to Armenia in order to finish the procedure of an arranged marriage she desperately needs. When Monica's pet horse, Champion, breaks horse tradition and reveals to Monica that horses can talk, Monica learns that horses aren't too different from humans after all! Monica helps Champion figure out what kind of horse he wants to be when he grows up, while ultimately discovering her own path as well. Adventure - A heartfelt story of an estranged brother and sister who must put aside their differences in order to solve an elaborate treasure hunt, left for them in the will of their eccentric father. L'Chaim! is an intimate portrait of a man with a rare and significant story. It is the tale of Chaim Lubelski. He gave up a career as a chess player and successful businessman in New York to dedicate himself to his elderly mother, a Holocaust survivor. A young woman who yearns for intimacy and family lives platonically with her gay ex-boyfriend while caring for the children of divorcing parents. Christian is a divorced father who can only see his young  daughter Vanessa every other weekend.  When he meets the single mother Christine and decides  to participate in a summer TV show, his whole life is  turned upside down. On his 9th birthday, Thomas travels with his mother to visit his estranged father who, since an acrimonious divorce, has abandoned urban living in favour of an isolated rural life in the English Lake District. The bitter separation of his parents is not something Thomas understands, nor does he understand his own dysfunctional behaviour as a silent cry for help. As a digital native city boy, Thomas's encounter with the natural world, and his gradual understanding of the pivotal connection he provides for his, ultimately, lonely parents, leads to realisation and discovery. There are things his parents don't know about each other that only he can reveal. Perhaps  he has the power and the means to change everything. Vietnam, 1969. War is Hell.  For Marine Sergeant Jack Stryker (Brian Schulz), however, Hell is just the beginning.  Trapped outside a Viet Cong village, Stryker takes two bullets to the leg.  Sent home from the war, he discovers his ex-girlfriend (Cheryl Hausen) has been kidnapped by a religious cult with a vicious Manson-like leader (Sam Raimi).  Stryker teams up with some marine friends to form an assassination squad and annihilate the gang of crazed killers. With all of the problems facing the world today war, poverty, weapons, environmental degradation, starvation, overpopulation and severe desperation among millions people are longing for meaning. Many find answers in religion or spirituality, but as a result faith and religion are often hijacked by those seeking to enhance their own power at the expense of others, often all in the name of God. With this dichotomy in mind, "Beyond Our Differences" calls upon key religious leaders, politicians, and luminaries in their fields to tackle the toughest and most complex issues in the modern age, and it asks what it is that inspires them to affect positive change... Two brothers and their little sister are thrown out of their flat because they haven't paid the rent. The orphans pack up their few possessions and go out to the country, where the family owns a small plot of land. The children set up camp, knowing they have to fend for themselves. But this solution is insecure, too: they are told, in no uncertain terms, that all plots will shortly pass to the state unless at least the foundations of a house have been laid. The threesome get down to work, making night-time visits to neighboring sites to 'borrow' tools and materials, then building by day. But no sooner are the foundation walls complete than an unsympathetic policeman ad... Rene, coach Marching Band from Jakarta, decided to move to Bontang - East Kalimantan in order to train there. He thought, duties and burdens as a coach will be the same as usual. Apparently, Rene wrong. He was dealing with 130 members, 130 of doubt. Rene wanted to teach them to fly when they feel they have no wings. What does it really take to produce the Nutracker ballet? A heartwarming, quintessentially British adventure for all the family, PUDSEY THE DOG: THE MOVIE follows cheeky London stray dog, Pudsey, who is quite happy being a lone ranger, looking out for number one, until he meets siblings Molly (Izzy Meikle-Small), George (Spike White) and Tommy (Malachy Knights). After losing their father, their mother Gail (Jessica Hynes) is moving the family to the sleepy village of Chuffington and Pudsey tags along, to the dismay of their landlord, Mr. Thorne (John Sessions), and his cat Faustus. As Pudsey starts to settle in with the family and realize what he was missing when he was alone, he stumbles across Thorne's evil plan and he determines to save them and the whole village. Olof Koskela, the only son is driven from home when he wants to marry the wrong girl. He takes a job as a floater. His reputation as a womanizer goes far and wide. When he meets the proud Kyllikki, he enters into a bet to defeat the mighty rapids standing on a log. Four young friends play hooky from class, and get locked in the school basement by the class snitch. Fourteen-year-old Leo leaves a psychiatric hospital following a short stay. Orphaned at a young age, writing is his only form of escape and he dreams of one day meeting his hero, Claude Lelouch. His friend Nino, who grew up in the same care home, eagerly awaits his return. The pair are inseparable, like brothers. Back at the home, Leo tells Nino that he has finished writing his story. Nino disappears the following morning, as does the story. Nino leaves a note explaining that he has run away to find Claude Lelouch and give him the story. Throughout his journey, Nino sends Leo letters describing his adventures. But Leo starts to realize that maybe his friend has his own reasons for taking off... Set in the forests of Wayanad, Ezhamathe Varavu is a multilayered story that delineates the link between man and nature. It revolves around three principal characters -- a planter, his wife and his friend. Gopi, a wealthy planter is an Alpha male, a hunter who assumes he knows the jungle and its creatures. Bhavana plays his long-suffering wife, who craves for his company and affection. Into their turbulent marriage comes Vineeth, an archaeologist on a dig in Wayanad. He turns out to be her college beau. Kavitha plays a tribal who introduces Vineeth to the forests and its inhabitants. Cinematographer Ray Rennahan utilized the two-strip Technicolor process for this film, but either surviving prints have faded or the color palette was limited in the first place, for generally we see only muddy reds, dim greens, and occasional splashes of blue. The film was shot silent and then dubbed with synchronized music consisting of seasonal tunes such as "Jingle Bells," "O Holy Night," and "March of the Wooden Soldiers." A group of eccentric retirees' lives are turned upside down when their beloved apartment complex is suddenly sold out from under them. Due to climate change a new race of flesh eating predators arise, who invade and eat everything living on earth. In a residential neighbourhood in a Danish suburb nightmare like scenes are being experienced first hand through the eyes of two teenage brothers, who can't stand each other, but are now suddenly forced to barricade themselves in the basement together, to avoid getting eaten. From one day to another, without parents and without electricity, food, water and contact to other people, the brothers have to learn to live together in their vital protection bunker, while monsters move past the basement windows and heavy, sharp claws can be heard moving around upstairs on the wooden floors. When a couple of burglars make off with their family's presents and decorations, the Three Dogateers set off on a journey to sniff out the bad guys and save Christmas! Martin, a child of the 21st century, through his telescope discovers Doctor Funes, the inventor of a formula to become young again and the envy of Doctor Moebius, who also wants to regain his youth. Martin goes to visit old Funes, but instead finds twelve year old Pablo, whom he shelters in his house without telling his parents what is going on. Pablo turns the biology teacher into a baby girl with a pacifier, and a group of the elderly into children. Martin dreams of a world of only children, but Doctor Moebius steals the formula, not knowing that its effects are unpredictable. A senior official of the Mexican political system decides to fake the capture and death of The Coyote, public enemy number one in Mexico, to make this happen, he cuts a deal with his family, who require a dead body to pose as a double. Topillero is responsible of executing the plan. But on this journey he is reunited with his wife and son, whom he abandoned years ago. A video store clerk stumbles onto an alien plot to take over earth by brainwashing people with a bad '50s science fiction movie. He and his friends race to stop the aliens before the tapes can be distributed world-wide. Frustrated with the traditional school system, a family in Los Angeles pulls their two children out of one of the highest-rated schools in the area and takes their education into their own hands. In the quest to better their children's lives, they must ovecome long-standing assumptions about education and face the social ramifications of their bold decision. Class Dismissed will challenge viewers to take a fresh look at what it means to be educated in the 21st century and offer up a radical new way of thinking about the process of learning. Suffering because of his father's departure to the big city, a boy leaves his village and discovers a fantastic world dominated by bug-engines and strange beings. An unusual animation with various artistic techniques that portrays the issues of the modern world through the eyes of a child. In 1926, Newt Scamander arrives at the Magical Congress of the United States of America with a magically expanded briefcase, which houses a number of dangerous creatures and their habitats. When the creatures escape from the briefcase, it sends the American wizarding authorities after Newt, and threatens to strain even further the state of magical and non-magical relations. Asier and I grew up in the Basque Country. But one day he disappeared, later I found out he had joined ETA. After years away from home, and receiving news of his parents' deaths, a disillusioned Occupier is forced from his tent in Zuccotti Park to upper middle class Texas, where he must repair his two sisters, his past, and himself. Ryusei-Kacho is renowned for his unmatchable skills in securing a seat on the infamous Japanese commuter trains. Never once has he failed until he meets the beautiful and talented Automatic Maria. A disenchanted Filipino cruise worker falls to pieces when she is unable to contact her ailing son. Karen, a beautiful air hostess, is implied by her fiance in international drug trafficking: drugged herself, she lets persuade to convey ten kilos of heroin from North Africa to Spain.  Having narrowly escaped the police, she catches her boyfriend with another woman. Desperate and angry, she takes the drug to the sea and finds refuge with Patrick, a Spanish-American living in a castle.  However, traffickers will make every effort to find her... Though it sounds incredible, little Ulises with only nine years old, from one day to another grows an enourmous mustache. This situation, appearing to be ordinary, starts a series of extraordinary events for him, his mother and his best friends. From this moment onward with the company of a bunch of very curious characters they will have to face this hairy adventure. Sixteen year old student Janis has been given an interesting home work assignment - to draw his family tree and tell about it. The story of his family begins with his great-great-grandfather, who burned down the manors of German landowners during the 1905 revolution. My Family Tree takes us on a journey to various countries and political regimes, showing Janis's ancestors to be people with diverse fates and life stories. A rich Latvian trader, a red rifleman loyal to Lenin, a carpenter at the KGB and war refugees in Sweden are only a few branches on his family tree, and the boy has heard something unusal and unforgettable about each and every one of these people. Remake of the popular Disney classic, this time featuring some well known voices as two dogs and a cat trek across America encountering all sorts of adventures in the quest to be reunited with their owners. Following king Berendey's orders, his youngest son, Ivan is sent to find the wonderful Firebird. In his search he is accompanied by his loyal friend and helper - Sery Volk, who, through his wits is always there to help his lightheaded friend. Fascinating and dangerous adventures , the executions of Ivan's cruel brothers and his fated encounter with Elena Prekrasnaia, are awaiting our heroes.  The young spectators would be absorbed by the magical world of russian tales, with their traditions and characteristical aesthetics wonderfully mixing up with modern cinema. As for the parents, they will most certainly appreciate the humor and music especially written by popular rock artists. Arami Ullon must return to Paraguay to make an important decision: what will happen to her sick mother, Mirna? The heartfelt gaze of the camera reveals a relationship filled with love, but also unspoken and unresolved issues. A sensitive film which examines the inner turmoil of the daughter during the final stages of her mother's degenerative illness. Popovich is an ex circus legend struggling as a street performer in the wild west streets of Las Vegas. When his junkyard home full of stray animals gets into trouble, he and his animal buddies use all their circus tricks to save it. In 1950s Pittsburgh, a frustrated African-American father struggles with the constraints of poverty, racism, and his own inner demons as he tries to raise a family. When mailman Bridd Takes his sexy date Charlotte home, they find their boss on the floor with a mail opener stuck in his chest. The assailants are also after Bridd and he has to use all his talents to foil an extra-terrestrial complot. What does it take to admit your overprotective mother is right? Annabel, young and free-spirited living in San Francisco, faces this awful truth when her mother, Joan, unexpectedly visits from her small Midwestern hometown. When Annabel's elderly neighbor passes away, Joan insists it's murder. Annabel dismisses the theory as Joan's usual hysteria about big city living until Annabel herself stumbles across another body right before it disappears. Without evidence for the police, Annabel blunders through a comical investigation with Joan as her only ally and a murderer who may be on to their amateur sleuthing. Four generations of a Jewish immigrant family create Russ and Daughters, a Lower East Side lox and herring emporium that survives and thrives. Produced to coincide with the 100th anniversary of the store, this documentary features an extensive interview with two of the original daughters for whom the store was named, now 100 and 92 years old, and interviews with prominent enthusiasts of the store including Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, actress Maggie Gyllenhaal, chef Mario Batali, New Yorker writer Calvin Trillin, and 60 Minutes correspondent Morley Safer. Rather than a conventional narrator, the filmmakers bring together six colorful longtime fans of the store, in their 80s and 90s, who sit around a table of fish reading the script in the style of a passover Seder.  - Written by Julie Cohen Calvin Campbell is a former professional baseball player sent to an early retirement due to his panic attacks at the plate. Even though he had all the talent for the big leagues, he struggles with the curveballs life has thrown him. Today, he mindlessly sleepwalks through his days and the challenge of raising his teenager daughter. His life is in a slow downward spiral when it is suddenly awakened and invigorated by the most unlikely person - Produce, a young-man with Down syndrome who works at the local grocery store. One day, one moment, one idea can change lives. Noah Davis is a Pastor in an affluent community. Depressed after losing his wife to illness, he is contacted by an old friend who has opened a mission in a rough inner city neighborhood. With Christmas approaching, he packs up and together with his two daughters, moves into Salvation Street Mission. Now the family must struggle with the challenges they face in the crime ridden community. Noah's inspiration guides his daughters, the mission and the neighborhood by bringing them the greatest gift of all, hope. The court horse Gaius Julius Caesar to his misfortune overhears boyars and learns about a conspiracy against the prince. What to do? Protect a prince no one! Heroes away - catch a robber Potanyu, Dragon on vacation, the army on maneuvers ... But if the bad guys are going to take over the world, to someone it is necessary to save him? Who is he, a hero who will come to the rescue? Of course, the horse Julius! This Strategy and the "grand strategist". He would save all, but if you do not save, then at least try. Most importantly, to the rescue of the world did not turn a complete disaster. When the Fasteners inherit an old family vacation home, they soon realize it's being haunted by their ancestors' famous movie star dog, Sophie. Homer, the Fastener's golden retriever, befriends Sophie and discovers that she is just looking for a family to love. Now it's up to Homer and the Fastener kids to convince their parents that Sophie really exists and keep them from selling the house and leaving Sophie alone forever. Will Sophie finally have a family again? Find out in this hilarious tail-wagging adventure featuring lessons about acceptance, cooperation and honesty. The film centers on a fight promoter (Mark Feuerstein) deeply in debt to his crooked rival. Desperate for a new fighter that will help him win back everything he owes, the promoter catches a break when a 450-pound church handyman (Paul "Big Show" Wight) who has spent his entire life in an orphanage agrees to wrestle on behalf of his fellow orphans. The film explores the varying degrees, forms and issues of surveillance (the feeling of being policed) which are the heart of the relationship and conflict of a schizophrenia patient and caregiver, especially during the treatment phase. The film explores the role of photography, since its rudimentary beginnings in the 1840s, in shaping the identity, aspirations, and social emergence of African Americans from slavery to the present. The dramatic arch is developed as a visual narrative that flows through the past 160 years to reveal black photography as an instrument for social change, an African American point-of-view on American history, and a particularized aesthetic vision. Two New York City children who launch a hilarious scheme to get what they most want this holiday season. Haani is a romantic saga spanning two different generations of a family. It tells the story of love, friendship and honor immortalized by commitment. The film simultaneously narrates 2 plots. Ranjit (Harbhajan) and Jagga (Sarabjit) are best friends in 1964 where Ranjit falls for Sukhaan (Mahreen) and loves her to death. Other plot involves Harman (Anuj) and Preet's (Sonia) love story in 2013 and Tony (Rupan Bal) who has similar role to Jagga in the movie. Somehow fate connects these love stories together. When Agnes Browne's husband died, she discovered something amazing... Herself. An inventor accidentally lands his mother in jail for child pornography with a teenage sex tape he kept. Church & State is the improbable story of a brash, inexperienced gay activist and a tiny Salt Lake City law firm that joined forces to topple Utah's gay marriage ban.  The film's ride on the bumpy road to equality in Utah offers a glimpse at the Mormon church's influence in state politics and the squabbles inside the gay community that nearly derailed a chance to make history.  Church & State is a story of triumph, setback and a little-known lawsuit that should have failed, but instead paved the way for a U.S. Supreme Court decision that legalized gay unions nationwide. BOUND: African versus African Americans (AVAA) is a hard hitting documentary that addresses the little known tension that exists between Africans and African Americans. AVAA uses personal testimonials to expose this rift, then it takes us on a journey through the corridors of African and African American historical experiences as it illuminates the moments that divide and those that bind Africans and African American. The Dempsey Sisters is a movie about the power of believing in a dream, the force of a family bond, and being willing to give up a sure thing for the one thing that makes life worth living overall. Nothing happens until two people fall in love -- and then the whole world changes. A hedonistic teenager in Mumbai is busted for dealing drugs and goes to his estranged sister for help, but complications land her in jail. The firste ever Lahore made film. Anwari Begum and Rafiq Ghaznavi - the grand parent of Salma Agha - played title roles in this memorable film. Rafiq Ghaznavi was a famous musician in the 30s and 40s and Anwari Begum appeared in many films, one of them was Anmol Ghari. All Melvyn Rosenbloom wants is to go back to the days when things were simpler and people were kinder -- the good old days. Deciding to renounce women altogether, he finds a house in his old neighbourhood and persuades his elderly crotchety father Harvey to move in with him. Harvey is something of a comic and, as Mel rediscovers, none too easy to live with. To add to the friction, there's the landlady, Jackie. From Mel's point of view as an aspiring celibate, she's all wrong: far too intelligent, attractive and unconventional. But, strangely enough, Jackie becomes the focus of the Rosenblooms' refashioned lives.  Larry Burrows is unhappy and feels powerless over his life. He believes his entire life could have turned out differently had he not missed that shot in a baseball game when was a kid. One night he meets this mysterious man, who could change his fate by offering him that alternative life he always dreamed of. But as Burrows embarks on this journey of self discovery he realises that even this new life has its problems and drawbacks.. Join international snowboard professionals - Gigi Ruf , Elias Elhardt, Kazu Kokubo and Toni Kerkela - on their journey around the globe to determine which path leads to a life well-lived, always on the hunt for the best snow, the gnarliest lines, the most unique features. The true story of Forrest Tucker, from his audacious escape from San Quentin at the age of 70 to an unprecedented string of heists that confounded authorities and enchanted the public. Wrapped up in the pursuit are a detective, who becomes captivated with Forrest's commitment to his craft, and a woman, who loves him in spite of his chosen profession.  After stowing away on a rescue helicopter, three children find themselves stuck on a remote island in the Arctic Ocean with little hope of rescue. They have to conquer fear, wild animals, raging weather, lack of food, and find a way to communicate with the mainland. A working woman, mother a three children, realizes that, when her youngest one is about to go to Canada to continue her education, she will end up out of her most precious goal, being a mother.. When Luisa, a four year old girl with Asperger's syndrome, is accused of killing her best friend, Violet, her older sister, decides to investigate on her own to find the truth. Meanwhile, Mr. Fuertehijar, who is Toto's father, the murdered kid,  is full of pain and anger, therefore he seeks revenge by all means, even if this leads him to commit another crime.  The situation gets more complicated when Sara Michell enters the scene. She is a famous reporter  who suspects Violeta's and Luisa's mother,  Dagmar Dark, is actually a Japanese spy. Gyu-Jung (Choi Yoon-Young) is a 29-year-old fledgling writer. She also works part-time at her mother's side dish shop and still asks for money from her parents. Her personal life isn't in much better shape as she is seeing her best friend's boyfriend (Lee Jae-Yoon). Gyu-Jung then decides to write a novel about a vampire. This is most likely her last shot at writing a successful novel. A strange man named Nam-Gul (Park Jung-Sik) appears and rents a room at her father's lodging home. The strange man stops by the side dish shop at night and requests custom made dishes from Gyu-Jung. He specifies that all of the side dishes must not contain garlic. Gyu-Jung becomes convinced he is a vampire. Dutch movie about Sinterklaas Conversations On Serious Topics is a film without exterior action, props, landscapes or special effects. Its main characters are children and teenagers with a special ability to describe the surrounding world. Intimate conversations with them reveal the picture of the modern world -- at times melancholic, at times comical, at times dramatic. Shot in a minimalist fashion, the film raises questions about loneliness, love, God, the world and human relations. "The world is people." "Don't you believe in God? I can teach you how to start believing..." A man in his mid-20s, still living at home with his mother and stepfather, puts all his eggs in one basket: the girl who works at his local coffee shop. The problem is, she has a serious boyfriend. As they become closer, the line between friendship and intimacy is blurred, and the situation forces both to examine where they are in their lives. Francois the Tree Man is far from his wife and three small children in Quebec, selling Christmas trees and living in a van on the streets of New York City. He does it for them. But this is home, too. Like the hundreds of Christmas tree sellers who descend upon the city from Canada, New England and even Europe, Francois delivers the magic of the season over a grueling month in his adopted neighborhood. He's a star, a storyteller, a Santa Claus in a sap-stained coat, a confidant, a friend, and a father figure to the local characters who are his New York family. They also need him. TREE MAN is the story of Francois's journey, how he arrived here, what holds him, and the conflict that will cause him to leave. As one of Francois' long-time customers says: "This has nothing to do with the trees anymore." Four orphaned and homeless siblings happen upon an abandoned boxcar, which, they furnish with all the comforts of home. Fearful that they will be sent to live with their grandfather they have never met, the children keep their new home a secret. Joe Roberts (Evan Schwalb) idolizes his older brother, Denny (Neil Schwalb), and Denny's college friends. But to the guys, Joe is a pesky nuisance whose Christian faith makes him strange, so Denny devises an elaborate prank to write a fake letter and send Joe on a wild goose chase to strike up a friendship with the richest man in America, the reclusive billionaire Howard Hughes (Jeff Wise). It is the year 1861 and President Lincoln has called for 75,000 men to join the Union Army. As the Civil War begins, another battle has been raging for decades. It is the fight for freedom waged by the Underground Railroad. When his longtime girlfriend breaks up with him, 30 year-old Michael suddenly finds himself homeless. With nowhere else to go, he spends the weekend at his father and stepmothers house, only to find that they're embroiled in a bitter divorce. As he gets caught in the middle of their angry disputes, Michael struggles to come to terms with his place in his dysfunctional family. Two brothers separated by one continent and two decades reunite when one of them becomes sick with cancer. Returning home from a shopping trip to a nearby town, bored suburban housewife Laura Jesson is thrown by happenstance into an acquaintance with virtuous doctor Alec Harvey. Their casual friendship soon develops during their weekly visits into something more emotionally fulfilling than either expected, and they must wrestle with the potential havoc their deepening relationship would have on their lives and the lives of those they love. A rebellious Goth girl embarks on a road trip across Texas with a suicidal young man in an effort to find her little sister. In medieval Europe, crusading knights massacre a village full of suspected devil worshipers and build a large Gothic church above the cursed remains. It is now present day, and this elaborate cathedral still stands. But when its sealed crypt is accidentally reopened, a group of people trapped inside the church become possessed by the fury of the damned! Can the blood of the innocent survive this unholy communion, or will the ultimate demonic evil be unleashed upon the world?! When a lonely orphan discovers a pair of glasses that, amazingly, enables the wearer to see ghosts, his life becomes a living nightmare. An early video curio pitched between performance art and George Melies' trick films, Drawers sees Colab artist Andrea Callard training her Sony Portapak on a rigged dresser for some endearingly primitive magic. - Max Goldberg  Family film about a pair of children whose father's girlfriend has kidnapped their dog.  Dean Cain stars as Glenn Barrows, a recent widower doing his best to raise his young kids Elliot and Phoebe, who really miss their mother. Things start to look up when the Barrows adopt an adorable puppy named Belle during the holiday season. Just as the healing seems to have begun, Glenn's dog-hating, gold-digging new girlfriend spoils their newfound happiness by sending Belle away. Will the young kids pull off a daring Christmas Eve rescue of their beloved new pet? Haylie Duff co-stars in this heartwarming comedy about family, friendship, and a four-legged holiday miracle. Cyrus, Tim and Erik were high school buddies and meet again ten years later. They spend the summer together in Brazil. All of them are occupied in dealing with experiences from their past but new developments make them face their inner conflicts and their friendship with each other A group of five Genesect have invaded the big city and pose a threat to the supply of electricity, which attracts the attention of the legendary Pokemon Mewtwo. Ash, Pikachu and his friends must come to the rescue when the powerful leader, a red Genesect, faces Mewtwo. Georgiana Halmac is turning 15 this winter, but she has no time for teenage dreams when her mother, who's on unemployment, moves to Torino to find work. Georgiana is left in charge of her six siblings in a social housing condo on the outskirts of Bacau, Romania. Caught between adolescence and the responsibilities of adulthood, Georgiana does the best she can, improvising with parenting advice from the television and the occasional phone call with her mother.  As she handles her own issues and high-school dramas, Georgiana must also deal with admonishing neighbours who threaten to turn the whole family into social services. With incredible calm and stoicism, Georgiana amazes as she holds everything together in an ingenious and delicate balance. Louis Ortiz, a down on his luck 40-something Puerto Rican resident of the Bronx, looks in the mirror one day and believes he's found gold--he's a dead ringer for Barack Obama. With visions of finally living the American Dream, the charismatic Ortiz launches a complete makeover. He dons Obama's trademark suit, adopts his mannerisms, mimics his voice and steps out onto the street as a presidential impersonator. Taken on by a casting agent, Ortiz and a gang of other political impersonators, including a Bill Clinton and a Mitt Romney, hit the road during the run-up to the 2012 presidential election to perform satirical debates for mostly Republican conventions, throwing Ortiz into conflict with his personal political beliefs. As Ortiz struggles to make ends meet, the distance between the White House and the Bronx becomes increasingly acute. The life of a president isn't always as easy as it looks. The adventure begins when Lucas, a 13 year old boy, embarks on the vacation of a lifetime. When disaster strikes, Lucas finds himself stranded in a strange land littered with ghost ships and prehistoric creatures. While searching for other signs of life, Lucas hears a radio broadcast in the distance and is drawn into the jungle where he encounters a beautiful young girl who claims to have come from the 1950s. Together they set out on a quest to get home all the while uncovering secrets that will forever change the future. A mentally unhinged factory worker must decide whether to listen to his talking cat and become a killer, or follow his dog's advice to keep striving for normalcy. As tuition spirals upward and student debt passes a trillion dollars, students and parents ask, "Is college worth it?" From the halls of Harvard to public and private colleges in financial crisis to education startups in Silicon Valley, an urgent portrait emerges of a great American institution at the breaking point. When Rob Brown, a Native American gang leader on a remote Minnesota reservation, is sentenced to prison for a fifth time, he must confront his role in bringing violent drug culture into his beloved Ojibwe community. As Rob reckons with his past, his seventeen-year-old protege, Kevin, dreams of the future - becoming the biggest drug dealer on the reservation. When a 12-year-old boy learns that his father's beloved piano is stolen, he and his two best friends set out on an exciting, cross-country journey through beautiful Dominican Republic to bring it back home before January 1st. After a hilarious run-in with the law, Madea is sentenced to community service. Determined to do good for the 'hood, Madea enlists Aunt Bam and Uncle Joe to try and save the Moms Mabley Youth Center from being shut down. With her irresistible sass and wisdom, Madea rallies the local kids to make a stand-and proves that behind her tough exterior is a whole lot of love! Two brothers and their wives meet up at a haute-cuisine restaurant to discuss what to do about a horrific crime that their sons committed together. As the quartet debate their options, the conversation reopens old wounds between the siblings.  Mark Van Der Poole, his wife, and two teenagers all understand what being "connected" is all about: Twitter,Facebook, Cell Phones, iPads, GPS - their frantic lives are bound to gadgets too numerous to count! This noisy backdrop turns suddenly into awkward silence when a mysterious glitch brings the entire communications grid to a sudden halt! Sudden with drawl from gadget-driven addictions force the Van Der Poole family together against their will, to face the best - and worst - in each other as they explore old fashioned fun, family, and faith. In the process, they rediscover the real connectedness they haven't even realized they had lost. OUR HAPPY BIRTH DAY follows the stories of two expectant mothers - Daisy and Anais. This film shows how they speak for women's autonomy in giving birth, striving to call attentions of all parties - from pregnant women to their families, the medical system, government to the whole nation - to think over the relation between childbirth and life. An account of the days of First Lady, Jacqueline Kennedy, in the immediate aftermath of John F. Kennedy's assassination in 1963. Lasse and Maja find an old mysterious coffin that turns out to belong to the eccentric family von Broms. A centuries-old family fights flare up again and suddenly the coffin gets stolen. Who wants to steal it and why? December 7, 1941 - TOMIKAZU "TOMI" NAKAJI (Kyler Ki Sakamoto) and his best friend BILLY DAVIS (Kalama Epstein) are playing baseball in a field near their homes in Hawaii when Japan launches a surprise attack on the US at Pearl Harbor.  As Tomi looks up at the sky and recognizes the Blood-Red Sun emblem on the fighter planes, he knows that his life has changed forever.  Based on actual events, Under the Blood-Red Sun is an unforgettable story of friendship, courage and survival. This acclaimed documentary offers a unique portrait of Virginia Lee Burton. For over 60 years, her classic picture books have delighted children with their engaging stories and lively illustrations. Nicolas loves baseball. Every day during vacation he and his friends meet at the town's old baseball field to play their favourite game... Until one infamous day at the start of summer when Nicolas discovers that the gates to the field have been locked and that old boards and assorted junk are strewn across what used to be the baseball diamond. It seems the town council has decided to use the grounds as a dump. The kids are outraged.They decide to contest this decision, to defend their territory. While in his teens, Donny fathered a son, Todd, and raised him as a single parent up until Todd's 18th birthday. Now, after not seeing each other for years, Todd's world comes crashing down when Donny resurfaces just before Todd's wedding. Turkish animated film. Close relatives, Suri (Raj) and Uma Devi (Avika) grow up together living next door to each other. They are made for each other but Suri takes a while to figure that out. It is the early 20th century. Tevye the Dairyman lives in a small village in Ukraine. He is poor and believes that his daughters have one chance to escape poverty - a successful marriage. Tevye accepts a profitable proposition from a matchmaker, but his beautiful daughters have a different plan. Carroll Shelby came from humble beginnings working as a chicken farmer in rural Texas. He exploded into the auto-racing scene by beating all the top-tier drivers of the era and winning the 24 Hours of Le Mans in 1959. All while still wearing his chicken-overalls.  Carroll had a heart condition that nearly killed him, forcing him to retire from racing. He started Shelby American and assembled a rag-tag team of hot-rodders to execute his vision of building groundbreaking sports cars like the Shelby Cobra. He also led Ford and the GT40 to multiple victories at Le Mans over Ferrari.  Shelby's cars, driven by the greatest drivers in the history of racing, cemented his legacy. He is the only man in history to win Le Mans as both a driver and a manufacturer. And is still the only American auto-manufacturer to win the World Manufacturing Championship. Taped on two nights in a London theatre, I Wish You Love is a live concert with Marlene Dietrich performing songs from her film and music career. Casper and Emma are looking forward to Christmas! Will Santa Claus visit Petra this year, or will he leave the presents outside her door, like he usually does?  A young teenage girl, Katie, can not snap out of her depression after losing her mother. Katie has lost interest in school, her friends, and gymnastics. All that changes in the summer when she is asked to monkeysit Gibby, her science teacher's Capuchin monkey. Taking care of the monkey changes her life in a big way. Gibby's happy-go-lucky personality renews Katie's zest for life. Gibby helps her with gymnastics, renewing friendships (including finding a potential boyfriend) and overcoming her nemesis, a mean girl who is out to beat Katie at everything. Inspired by films including "Rattle and Hum" and "Endless Summer," Fading West follows Grammy-winning alternative-rock band Switchfoot as they travel the globe in search of new musical inspiration and perfect waves. Filmed during Switchfoot's 2012 World Tour, Fading West charts the creation of the fivesome's upcoming album in its earliest and most unpredictable stages. As the band visits legendary surf breaks in Australia, New Zealand, Africa, and Bali, brothers Jon and Tim Foreman breathe fresh life into their songs by harnessing the spirit of their surroundings and mining new emotional depths. Part rock documentary, surf film, and travelogue, Fading West offers rare glimpses of the longtime surfers on their boards, captures the frenetic energy of their live shows, and portrays a journey both epic and intimate. Three women are in enclosed psychological zones that function as both refuge and jail. A father and his kids take an unexpected detour, and discover the true meaning of Christmas in this warmhearted tale for the entire family. Matt and his kids were en route to grandma's house when their car broke down in the middle of nowhere. Fortunately for them, local rancher Bonnie-Kate has a big heart, and a spare room. But lately poachers have been trespassing on Bonnie-Kate's land, and as the stranded family awaits rescue over the next few days, they agree to help protect her ranch. In the process, Matt and his children learn that it's not about what you get during the holiday season, but what you give instead. Several pupils from Hoer Volkskool Heidelberg are on their way to compete in a singing competition; but the majority of the school, including the principal, is not supportive. In this school, sport far outweighs culture.  However, this does not stop the singers from the group to follow their passion. The principal wants to sabotage the group's tour and sends one of the school's teachers to distract the music teacher.  They eventually arrive at a camp where they are treated as if they were in the army. This is all the principal's doing. When Belinda heads back to her hometown for the holidays, things get complicated when she is forced to team up with her ex at the town's annual Christmas scavenger hunt. A lawyer-turned-preacher living in a small Appalachian town is pursued by an eccentric man to represent him in court. Now involved in a case that ties into his own small-town life, the former attorney agrees to help a man. It's Easter and everyone's favorite K-9 is back! The Bannisters are heading out on a family cruise and sending Zeus to doggie day care. Everything is going according to plan, until the daycare's crosstown rival hires a trio of crooks to sabotage the fledgling business. Zeus will make some new friends and new enemies as he uses all his tricks to save the daycare and Easter! First there was Kidulthood then Adulthood now comes Noel Clarkes last installment brotherhood With Sam facing up to the new world he realizes it also comes with new problems and new challenges that he must face that he knows will require old friends to help him survive new dangers. Danny, a Taiwanese-American man, and his partner Tate want to have a baby, but the complex world of international surrogacy is further complicated by Danny's well-meaning but extremely meddlesome mother. From 'The Workshop of the Film Form'. The film revolves around an eight-year old called Ryan Philip and his adventures with a magical pen called the Monkey Pen. In Manhattan's Central Park, a film crew directed by William Greaves is shooting a screen test with various pairs of actors. It's a confrontation between a couple: he demands to know what's wrong, she challenges his sexual orientation. Cameras shoot the exchange, and another camera records Greaves and his crew. Sometimes we watch the crew discussing this scene, its language, and the process of making a movie. Is there such a thing as natural language? Are all things related to sex? The camera records distractions - a woman rides horseback past them; a garrulous homeless vet who sleeps in the park chats them up. What's the nature of making a movie?  The story of the life of four urban teenagers in contemporary Iran in their own words. In order to make a film about the lifestyle of these teens, which is quite different from the life of the previous generation, the filmmakers decided to place the camera in their hands and ask them to film their own life, under the supervision of the directors for a year. Thomas, the protagonist of this autobiographical film, lives with his husband Felipe in Geneva. They are both film students who love each other and also like women. However, these love triangles result in jealousy, and Thomas has a troubled relationship with his parents. This intimate and exuberant film presents an impressively honest and melodramatic snapshot of a phase in a life Animation film about Human Rights of Children to a younger audience in a dynamic and entertaining. A story about the values  , need and equal justice in the first years of life, when it's necessary to have someone to fight for them. Vatican investigators are sent to the British West Country to investigate paranormal activity, and they find the events are more disturbing than they first imagined. The film tells the story of 11-year-old Dylan (Ed Oxenbould), who is brought up by his father (Sam Worthington) in a remote town in the country of Australia. Dylan's life is changed forever when he wins a place in the regional Paper Plane Championships in Sydney. The heart warming journey of a young boy and his father reconnecting after a family's struggle will have us cheering them all the way to the world championships of paper plane flying in Japan. Auld Lang Syne is a 1937 British historical drama film directed by James A. Fitzpatrick. It portrays the life of the eighteenth century Scottish poet Robert Burns. Une petite fille envoie un ballon avec plein de dessins a sa maman qui est au ciel... Leaving the safety of their nursery behind, Wendy, Michael and John follow Peter Pan to a magical world where childhood lasts forever. But while in Neverland, the kids must face Captain Hook and foil his attempts to get rid of Peter for good. This is the third movie from the "Mijn Vader is een Detective" film series. A lonely girl seeks love, connection and family by crashing funerals. The story follows Jamie, a troubled young man with a birthmark on his face, which has left him feeling isolated and fearful, hiding from the world outside. He lives in the East End of London, an area notorious for its violent hooded gangs. According to news reports, the gangs are now wearing demon masks. But, one night, Jamie discovers the terrifying truth. Jake Harvard, 13 is not happy when he learns he has to spend the summer with his uncle Benny, a middle aged detective in suburban Washington DC. Jake meets a young girl named Kat Adams who has a passion for American history. After uncle Benny turns away a client named Lola Meanors who is looking for her missing husband, Jake and Kate start their own secret investigation. This is the story of the disobedient little girl Sasha, whose parents, for the New Year, thoughtlessly wish for a well behaved girl instead of Sasha. Even before the New Year chimes in, a different good little girl is on their doorstep, while Sasha is fantastically transported to the magical Land of Good Little Kids for re-education. In this land there rules a stern queen and her even tougher controlling emissary. To get back home to her parents, Sasha will have incredible adventures and must face many tests, while helped by her loyal friends, Baget the cat and Balbess the dog.   There is not often that we can hear Ghostrider say anything, but this time he did, more then once; "What the fuck"...  Why? You will understand when you see the movie... A hip hop dance film featuring Filipino world class dance champions and inspired by the music of Francis Magalona. After failing to get into the police academy, Chris Potamitis settles for a security guard job with an armoured truck company. After he makes the mistake of mentioning the company's lax security to his best friend, He's unwittingly drawn into an elaborate scheme to rob the abundant amounts of cash being stored on their premises--resulting in the largest cash heist in U.S.history. A young playboy who learns he has one month until he becomes infertile sets out to procreate as much as possible. This compilation release from New Age instrumentalist Yanni brings together numerous performances held at different venues around the world, between 1993 and 2008 Yanni: A Living Legacy video. Selections include: a 1993 rendition of "Felitsa" at the Acropolis in Greece in 1993; a 2004 rendition of "Nostalgia," done at Las Vegas's Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino in 2004; a 1997 interpretation of Nightingale performed at Beijing, China's Forbidden City; and many more. Singing cowboy Eddie Dean and his sidekick Soapy (Roscoe Ates) enter into the thick of things when they thwart a stagecoach holdup. Our heroes take it upon themselves to champion the cause of stage-line owner Margie Rodgers (Helen Mowery), who's being victimized by an unknown villain. Dean suspects that there's more to the case than mere robbery, and he's right: someone wants to gain control of Margie's business, and that someone is?  This documentary tells the true-life story of Oggi Tomic, born in Sarajevo but now living in Cambridge. He co-rote and co-directed the film. He was born in 1985 with water on the brain and given only months to live, abandoned by his mother and brought up in a series of Bosnian orphanages during the bitter Yugoslav civil wars. Finally as a teenager he made his way to the UK and a new life. In 2012 he returned to meet his long-lost biological family - and had to grapple with the fact that they are Serbs, and that some of them were among the enemy army that shelled and sniped at during the 1,300 days of the siege of Sarajevo which began 20 years ago In the months leading up to the vote on North Carolina's Amendment One, which would remove legal recognition for all couples that are not a married man and woman, a lesbian couple seeks to understand the personal stories of people on both sides, with the desire to relate as human beings, gain insight into the global gay marriage debate, and start a dialog. It was supposed to be just an ordinary holiday of the sunny Kos, but Toni has to rescue a beautiful local girl from the clutches of kidnappers of Adriana . When it appears that anyone else can be trusted, will Toni reluctantly rely on velipuoliensa assistance.  Son of the trio formed a peaceful holiday in the South of traditional package holidays to skyrocket wilder Extreme trip full of momentum, disguise, theft and dangerous situations. The legendary ancient landscapes of the archipelago, hot beaches, small mountain roads and the Mediterranean waves rush adventurers risked their lives threatening situation to another. A girl is always punctual,disciplined. Her husband love her but the fact is he is not a disciplined and totally reverse with her wife. In a postapocalyptic future, jaded cop Max Rockatansky (Mel Gibson) is ready to retire. But his world is shattered when a malicious gang murders his family as an act of retaliation, forcing a devastated Max to hit the open road seeking vengeance. As he travels the Australian outback's empty stretches of highway, he tours the bloodstained battlegrounds ruled by marauding bikers who feed on violence. Established in 1960, Tower Records was once a retail powerhouse with two hundred stores, in thirty countries, on five continents. From humble beginnings in a small-town drugstore, Tower Records eventually became the heart and soul of the music world, and a powerful force in the music industry. In 1999, Tower Records made $1 billion. In 2006, the company filed for bankruptcy. What went wrong? Everyone thinks they know what killed Tower Records: The Internet. But that's not the story. All Things Must Pass is a feature documentary film examining this iconic company's explosive trajectory, tragic demise, and legacy forged by its rebellious founder, Russ Solomon. After being held captive in an Afghan cave, billionaire engineer Tony Stark creates a unique weaponized suit of armor to fight evil. An all-American story that explores the family dynamic when a prodigal daughter returns home. Dora, a girl who has spent most of her life exploring the jungle with her parents, now must navigate her most dangerous adventure yet: high school. Always the explorer, Dora quickly finds herself leading Boots (her best friend, a monkey), Diego, and a rag tag group of teens on an adventure to save her parents and solve the impossible mystery behind a lost Inca civilization. A photographer follows the footsteps of his two grandfathers both army men who died a long time ago, Pierre the legionnaire and Paul the paratrooper. Through them he explores the story of his family, a history bounded by wars, tormented by silences and the unsaid. In an immodest film, he unveils the history of France, a nation at war with itself. 1983. In a quiet Midwestern town, a young deputy covers up a murder at the hands of his brother triggering a series of events that sends them and the victim's family towards a shattering climax. Former golf pro directed to serve community service by teaching teenagers to play golf. A kind of "Bad News Bears" meets golf. Acclaimed Montreal band Thee Silver Mt. Zion Memorial Orchestra is one of a growing number of rock groups to have accepted an infant into their touring tribe. Touring with children is both costly and complicated, yet SMZ are determined to combine family life and being on the road with the band's deep political commitment. Loyal, highly intelligent and courageous, the Rottweiler is often misunderstood. Black Beauty Breed is a feature length documentary that brings you closer to the dog behind the perceived intimidating image and highlights the positive abilities and character traits that make the Rottweiler an incredible dog. With stunning original film footage, Black Beauty Breed captures the soul of the Rottweiler and challenges your perception of them as vicious and unstable dogs. Intimate footage brings you closer to the real Rottweiler and their colorful heritage as a working dog that dates back to ancient Roman times. Fascinating facts about this noble breed will be revealed for the first time ever in a film and will forever change the image of the Rottweiler.  Climb aboard for an extraordinary version of Mark Twain's sweeping adventure when Walt Disney presents The Adventures of Huck Finn, starring Elijah Wood (The Lord of the Rings). Directed by Stephen Sommers (The Mummy, The Mummy Returns), it's the unforgettable saga of a mischievous youngster and a runaway slave What if this next generation could transcend racism? One year, 12 teens, on a remarkable journey to face racism and white privilege, have the conversations most of us are too afraid to have. Once they push through naivete, guilt and tears, what they learn may change us all. You don't need to be a cat lover to appreciate Nina Paley's gorgeous animated short (though it will be a dose of nip to you if you are). A loving set of color-treated, drawn-over images of the titular cat, seen playing and staring back at the camera to a suitably bright and bouncy score by Nik Phelps and the Sprocket Ensemble. Two couples go to a mutual friends wedding, and end up swapping partners. Emily, Selena and Jackie - known to their 50 thousand YouTube fans as The 3 Tails - finally bring their journey to the big screen. Their mermaid adventures have enchanted fans for more than five years, as the girls struggle to understand the meaning of their special gift, protecting their secret from the world. Even their parents don't know that they have the ability to transform into mermaids. In The 3 Tails: A Mermaid Adventure, their lives are threatened after a stranger learns of their abilities and kidnaps one of the girls in order to harness her DNA. During a perilous ocean rescue mission, they discover that mermaids are not the only endangered species in the sea. When a professional couple who have lived &amp; worked together for many years finally decide to marry, their sudden betrothal causes many unexpectedly funny and awkward difficulties. They soon find that being married is often quite different from being "best friends." A newlywed is terrified when her husband brings her to live in the old house that figures in her recurring nightmare. A gun toting 83-year old woman refuses to sell her house to the power plant next door but the plant has moved ahead their 20 million dollar deal to buy out most of Cheshire and bulldoze all the homes. When a troubled teen from Cleveland experiences bullying in Cocoa Beach, he soon learns Martial Arts to gain confidence and self-defense skills. When 12-year-old Mickey Miller moves from New York to Ireland, she soon discovers a link between herself and the 300-year-old legend of the mysterious Black Knight, who regularly haunts the sleepy Irish village. With courage and a sharp mind, she sets out to save a precious herd of white horses and to thwart the evil plans of a greedy, ambitious woman. Emil Svensson lives with his mother and father, little sister Ida, farmhand Alfred, and maid Lina on a picturesque farm in Smaland. He is an unusually lively little boy, who just can't resist trying out every whim that enters into his white-haired head. Always with the best intentions in mind, because he is a good-hearted child, but often with catastrophic results, especially for his short-tempered father. As a result, Emil spends a lot of quality time in the wood shed carving wood figurines and waiting for Anton's temper to cool down. And the father's patience is certainly tried, as Emil gets his head stuck in the family's only soup bowl, hoists little Ida up the flag pole, and arranges a lavish Christmas party for the poor. Lily is a winner, but when her boyfriend leaves her for a vapid beauty pageant queen, she gets the notion that winning the Miss India America title would bring him back. Since Lily is perfect in everything else she does, it should be a cinch...or so she thinks. The pageant world isn't just pretty smiles and high heels, and her main competition, Sonia, gives her a run for her money. Upon being sent to live with relatives in the countryside due to an illness, an emotionally distant adolescent girl becomes obsessed with an abandoned mansion and infatuated with a girl who lives there - a girl who may or may not be real. Scottish director Karen Guthrie's intimate documentary is a vivid chronicle of her coming to terms with a twofold loss, one past--of her nuclear family shattered years before by her father's departure to Africa--and one present, when her mother, the family anchor, suffers a stroke. Full of surprising revelations, Guthrie's personal story becomes an affecting and resonant look at post-colonialism and the complicated bonds of family. Loulou is a wolf. Tom is a rabbit. As curious as it may seem, Loulou and Tom have been inseparable since they were little. Now in their teens, they live the easy life in the Land of the Rabbits. But Loulou, who thought he was an orphan, learns that his bohemian mother is alive. The two friends set out to find her in the principality of Wolfenberg, the Land of the Wolves. They arrive in the middle of the Meat-eaters' Festival, a yearly get together for the world's great carnivores. Will Loulou and Tom's friendship survive in the land where herbivores always end up as the main course? What incredible secret lies behind Loulou's birth? Viktoria, a strong willed woman in her 60s, struggles to hold onto her dairy farm Iceland, which has been in her family for generations as things gradually fall apart. The story of Allan "Swampy" Marsh and his Maremma dog Oddball. Swampy convinced local authorities to allow Oddball to protect a colony of Little Penguins on Middle Island from wild cats and dogs. Oddball succeeds in his campaign and becomes a front runner for Maremma dogs being used to protect other endangered Australian wildlife. Bride of Frankenstein begins where James Whale's Frankenstein from 1931 ended. Dr. Frankenstein has not been killed as previously portrayed and now he wants to get away from the mad experiments. Yet when his wife is kidnapped by his creation, Frankenstein agrees to help him create a new monster, this time a woman. The early life of Walt Disney is explored in this family film with an art house twist. Though his reality was often dark, it was skewed by his ever growing imagination and eternal optimism. Benjamin is at war: with life, with adults, with himself. From his earliest childhood onwards, the 13-year old has been shunted from one care home to another. When his mother has to go to prison, he is sent to his father, whom he has never known. The man turns out to be a dead loss, a warehouseman who's given up on life, a man in his mid-40s who still lives with his Moroccan parents in a high-rise block in the banlieue. Benjamin's turbulence and violence soon prove too much for his new family.   Rodolfo and Beatriz are the parents of teenagers Jessica and Juan.  Together they form a perfect dysfunctional family. Rodolfo leaves for  work every morning, but actually he's unemployed. Beatriz, worrying  that she is looking older, has a flirtation with her buff gym trainer.  Jessica finds herself in a love triangle with her boyfriend and her  best friend. And, Juan's girlfriend has a little surprise for him. This  is the life of an ordinary middle-class family in Tijuana. While living  under the same roof, they scurry about their days, trying to hide their  secrets from one another. A fresh, clever and humorous portrait of a  modern family unit. When Oliver O'Toole and his team of postal detectives confront a vintage disposable camera from the 1980s that was found in a mailbox, the undeveloped photographs contained therein set them off on a cross-state search for a seven-year-old boy who could be in tremendous danger. The fascinating portrait of Ion Barladeanu. The touching and inspiring story of a man who literally lived in the gutter for 20 years - and in the meantime managed to create paintings and collages which are now exhibited alongside works by Andy Warhol or Marcel Duchamp. In the Arctic region of Northern Alaska, an oil company's advance team struggles to establish a drilling base that will forever alter the pristine land. After one team member is found dead, a disorientation slowly claims the sanity of the others as each of them succumbs to a mysterious fear. Changes can be more than skin deep. A native son of bankrupt Stockton, Calif., 22-year-old Michael Tubbs decides to run for a seat on the city council. This inspiring documentary charts his campaign to bring the city back to solvency and improve the lot of its citizens. Fantasy adventure as  the fairies face a new foe. A dying man struggles to discover the secret of a mystical tree's healing leaves. Two wannabe heroes and their friends must stop a madman from giving everyone nightmares. What's the matter with Kathy (Jordan Trovillion, Highland Park)? She's your typical 17 year-old girl in search of something more in her life. It seems the only place she is going to find it is at Horse Camp. Her father Luke (Dean Cain, Lois &amp; Clark: The New Adventures of Superman) recognizes that she's got it in her blood, a sensibility in her being - she understands horses just as much as they understand her. But at Horse Camp there is much more to learn, not only about horses, but about people and the many challenges of friendship. To supplement her scholarship to Yale, 19-year-old Midori works as an escort one night a week. But on one sweltering night, things go horribly wrong in a sleazy New Haven motel room as her John attempts to turn his favorite Biblical passage into reality. Ezhu Sundara Rathrikal narrates the sequence of events that follow the protagonist's bachelor party. What lives between fear and acceptance? Suspended between life and death, Sharon channels her uncertainty into an artistic project hoping that it will lead to acceptance, understanding and peace. An innocent man framed for murder, and the system that just wants another minority conviction. A documentary film about atheism in the USA, dispelling the myths and untruths following ordinary American atheists on their journey through life. Kaisa is a Scot, a successful London lawyer, who snorts coke and has one-night stands with strangers. Her mother calls from Aberdeen with some story begging her to fly to Norway and collect her alcoholic dad whom she hasn't seen in years. Lea Tsemel, a Jewish-Israeli lawyer, defends Palestinians: from feminists to fundamentalists, from nonviolent demonstrators to armed militants. As far as most Israelis are concerned, she defends the indefensible. As far as Palestinians are concerned, she's more than an attorney, she's an ally. <<Advocate>> follows Tsemel in real time, including the trial of a 13-year-old boy -- her youngest client to date. An unflinching look at the how the battle over abortion rights has played out in the United States over the last 15 years Twelve-year-old Austin Brown's dad is deploying for Afghanistan again, hoping to make it home in time for Christmas. Before he leaves, he gets Austin a puppy named Dino. Richard Trevelyan was convicted of murdering his wife, given an 11th-hour Death Row reprieve and freed under unusual circumstances after a retrial. But his past does not matter to Shelley Carnes, an actress visiting the Texas ranch land that Richard calls home; she has fallen in love with him. But after she marries him, Shelley is beset by doubts and fear. The classic comic book characters created by John L. Goldwater are brought to tv in a slightly older version. Here the characters are adults returning to their high school reunion and remembering old times and romances from good old Riverdale High The story about Abby Jensen, a girl who's been eager to reach her 16th birthday and has kept a secret wish list since she was a little girl. When the Big Day actually arrives, utter disaster strikes, leaving Abby to think her birthday is ruined. But when a mysterious box of magical birthday candles arrives to turn things around, Abby's 16 Wishes start to come true. Her day gets better and better...until she makes one wish that threatens to change everything. Harry Sanborn is an aged music industry exec with a fondness for younger women like Marin, his latest trophy girlfriend. Things get a little awkward when Harry suffers a heart attack at the home of Marin's mother, Erica. Left in the care of Erica and his doctor, a love triangle starts to take shape. Film starring Baby Aney and Seetha A film inspired by the life of Subir Banirjee who played the boy Apu in "Pather Panchali", the first of the Apu Trilogy.  and did not make another film. His life  has some uncanny resemblances to Apu's adulthood. Beginning with the End takes viewers on a profound, and profoundly moving, journey with a group of high school seniors working as trained hospice volunteers -- a story of beginnings and endings in a year of self-discovery and awakening. The film is about a young trumpeter Nicholas Shevchenko. He's a talented musician, who also writes his own music, attracting the attention of the world famous musician Eugene Gaisin, who tours the city. Having fallen in love eight years ago, a young couple finds their engagement on the rocks. As they desperately cling to the foundations of their relationship, one man knows exactly how to start the fire to burn it down. Considered one of Charlie Chaplin's best films, The Kid also made a star of little Jackie Coogan, who plays a boy cared for by The Tramp after he's abandoned, as a newborn, by his mother. The mother later has a change of heart and aches to be reunited with her son. SHADOWS FROM MY PAST interweaves the tragic fate of one Austrian Jewish Family from Vienna. Letters written from 1939 - 1941 as they were trying to save their children and each other reverberate to today. SHADOWS features many face-to-face, unrehearsed interviews with contemporary Austrians and near past contemporary interviews including Simon Wiesenthal, Kurt Waldheim, President Heinz Fischer, Theodore Bikel, Jorg Haider, survivors and many others. SHADOWS interweaves the memories of Gita Kaufman's family with Austria's present perceptions with Austria's present perceptions of its role in the persecution and deportation of Jews during World War II. SHADOWS underlines the need for Holocaust memory preservation, tolerance education, and serves as a warning for today. A young mischievous man realises his mistakes after his sister abandons him, so he tries to reunite her with her lover and make peace. Terrence J. stars as Charlie, a playboy who's convinced that relationships are dead. His two best friends, Donald Faison and Robert C. Riley, bet him that if he sticks to one woman for one month, he's bound to get attached. Charlie denies this until he crosses paths with the beautiful and mysterious Eva, played by singer/actress Cassie. They may agree to a casual affair, but eventually Charlie is questioning whether he may actually want more. One in eight Dutch women gets breast cancer, which means that most people know someone who struggles with this life-threatening disease. The part of a woman's body where she is probably the most vulnerable, beautiful, proud and sexy becomes a source of despair and rage. For Ingrid, Vicky and Sabrina, breast cancer takes on various forms. They are working towards recovery through tough and painful treatment, but are acutely aware that the disease can rear its ugly head again without warning. They feel damaged and insecure, and their self-esteem is at stake, for the disease has eroded their sense of femininity. In a very personal and intimate way, Awake in a Bad Dream shows how the women and their partners try to regain control of their lives after the diagnosis. Without comment or interviews, the film follows Ingrid, Vicky and Sabrina as they face inevitable and painful choices at the hospital. When returning to his hometown with his ill mother, Marlombrando meets again his father and the Drive-in cinema where he spent his childhood. Almeida keeps the cinema functioning with the assistance of only two employees: Paula, who takes care of the projection and the snack bar; Jose, an old friend of Almeida, who helps selling tickets at the cashier and cleaning up the place. The arrival of Marlombrando and the demolition threatening of the Drive-in will bring new directions to their lives. The impressionistic story of a Texas family in the 1950s. The film follows the life journey of the eldest son, Jack, through the innocence of childhood to his disillusioned adult years as he tries to reconcile a complicated relationship with his father. Jack finds himself a lost soul in the modern world, seeking answers to the origins and meaning of life while questioning the existence of faith. Intimate, personalized portrait of women of the 1960s through the eyes of one colorful class that graduated in 1969 - same year as Hillary Clinton - and recently turned 65, starting to explore the New Old Age. At a time when these Boomers' parents were asking less of themselves, many of these distinguished citizens are asking more, feeling a Third Wind. Where will it take them? Some are determined to keep making waves. The trigger for these revelations/reminiscences is the class's yearbook. Each photo was a collaboration with a sexy Turkish artist, is full of the 60s spirit of risk, rebelliousness, creativity. Indeed, this yearbook wasn't a book at all. The portraits came to each alumna loose leaf, in a box. Hence our metaphoric title: Unboxed! Written by Anonymous Teen detective Ruby Skye is back with an intriguing and hilarious new adventure. She finds herself in the middle of not one, but three mysteries! Who stole the fabulous furry Flobbles from FONK, the local children's charity? Who owns the adorable white puppy that her sister, Hailey, wants to keep? Who is that little kid and why does she keep following Ruby? In her quest for justice (and answers), Ruby accidentally destroys a crime scene, annoys a detective and disguises herself as a boy. Her list of enemies is growing by the minute and includes her little sister, her maybe boyfriend, the victim of the crime and every one of the suspects. At least the puppy still likes her. Can she find the bad guys, make her sister happy and win back all her friends? Find out as Ruby takes her on her funniest and most baffling case yet. If this were a letter, the return address would be: From the students and teachers of Sita School, Silvepura, Bangalore 560090, India. If this were a diary, it would contain entries between 5th June 2012 an 28th April 2013. I return to my first school and join with the present students and teachers in their everyday adventures of learning. Through the stories that unfold we enter imaginary worlds and intimate relationships. 'Small Things, Big Things' is a celebration of when Education becomes Art. Tomboy and farmgirl Charlene "Charley" Wilson finds fun and adventure with her beloved dog Fuzz and tries to fit in to her small town, while her parents struggle with money and crop production worries. Feisty, flame-haired reporter, Kendall O'Dell is drawn into an evil web of conspiracy beyond anything she could have ever imagined when she accepts a position at a small newspaper in isolated Castle Valley, Arizona. In the mix is a vanished reporter, two dead teenage girls and an attractive cowboy. Kendall's life hangs in the balance as she strives to uncover the horrifying secret. When her birthday wish magically summons wacky Hollywood actor Drake to her small Midwestern town, Sophie has to figure out how to help him fit in until she can get him back home. But Drake is more interested in helping Sophie stand out. Following a chance encounter on the streets of Beijing, a destitute Tibetan widow tries to give her child to an American journalist, drawing the foreigner into a violent family feud. Old age will never be the same again. A young filmmaker uses his home movie camera to escape the harsh realities of life, following the untimely death of his parents.  The comedian Timoteo is the leader of a cross-dresser circus that has toured through Chile for forty years. Today his advanced age and health are reason for concern regarding the continuity of the show.  20 years after going MIA in Desert Storm, Aaron returns home under mysterious conditions, not having aged since his disappearance, and must reestablish relationships with loved ones before an imminent return to an ambiguous other-worldly existence. The lives of many individuals connected by the desire for happiness, often from sources usually considered dark or evil. The film depicts the first flaming signs of love in human life. The characters are all ten years old and attend the same hockey and figure skating club in a small village set among the Italian Alps. The theft of a medal will trigger an adventurous escape to Moscow, where our six main characters will learn the first skirmishes of love and find new fiances. After beating the competition at the nationals, the Jack family prepares for the International World of Wiener Dog Racing. Without parental consent, the kids must sneak off to the races, otherwise their notorious, beloved underdog, Shelly, will have to forfeit her U.S. title at the competition. But the stiff competition leads several of the other countries to get involved in foul play that only the real winners can sniff out! The adventures of a kind-hearted mermaid who saves a captain's daughter from the stormy ocean, despite the Sea-God's warning not to intervene in the affairs of mortals. However when the captain needs her help again, the mermaid princess must choose between following the laws of the ocean and saving her new human friends from a band of pirates and a dangerous island giant.  Although Sam has the mental capacity of a 7-year-old, he has a daughter with a homeless woman who abandons them when they leave the hospital, leaving Sam to raise Lucy on his own. But as Lucy grows up, Sam's limitations start to become a problem and the authorities take her away. Sam shames high-priced lawyer, Rita into taking his case pro bono and in turn teaches her the value of love and family. An apocalyptic look at the possibility of an earthquake of magnitude 7 or greater striking the Tokyo area. Mirai, a middle school freshman girl who goes to Tokyo's artificial Odaiba Island for a robot exhibition with her brother Yutaka at the start of summer vacation. A powerful tremor emanates from an ocean trench, the famed Tokyo Tower and Rainbow Bridge crumble and fall, and the landscape of Tokyo changes in an instant. With the help of a motorcycle delivery woman named Mari who they meet on Odaiba, Mirai and Yutaka strive to head back to their Setagaya home in western Tokyo.  A koala named Buster recruits his best friend to help him drum up business for his theater by hosting a singing competition. In this open-letter style documentary, Ruby Dee &amp; Ossie Davis' rich lives guide their grandson on his personal quest to master lasting love, conscious art, and undying activism. A journey of three young students running for the students councils in UNRWA school in Jordan, from announcing the election till the end of the academic year. When her grandson is kidnapped during the Tour de France, Madame Souza and her beloved pooch Bruno team up with the Belleville Sisters--an aged song-and-dance team from the days of Fred Astaire--to rescue him. The eccentric Eric Kabongo wants to steer his life into a new direction and dreams of a music career. Eager to be accepted by the local community, he tries to make a name for himself as his alter ego: Krazy-E. However, his troubled past forms a dark cloud over his head. Will he be able to shake off his demons and live a normal life? 'What about Eric' shows the inner world of a lost soul desperately looking for a place called home. The big end-of-term play is approaching. Tobias is somewhat anxious, but with Mees Kees at the helm, everything should be just fine. The class looks forward to rehearsing in the afternoons and to making beautiful scenery - until they find out that Principal Dreus has chosen a terribly boring medieval play. Moreover, it is to be staged in a dusty room within a nearby retirement home. But Mees Kees wouldn't be Mees Kees if he didn't put his own twist on things... From the outside, Alexa has the perfect life. Her son is the high school football star, daughter a straight A student and her husband is CFO of a booming start-up company. The sudden death ... The film wryly expresses the changes in hierarchy, caste and the power equation when water, the most important resource, vanishes and how the oppressed become the oppressors. On her 13th birthday Katie, a talented young girl, receives a magical amulet. This amulet was on a quest to find the fifth and last witch to complete the order of the star witches. Because in it's incomplete form, the order is unable to protect earth against the evil witch Concuela.  While Katie is exploring her new magical powers together with her best friend Roy, Grimbeck, the dandy gatekeeper of the star witches arena, as well as the evil Concuela are desperately trying to find Katie. Milagros Baez is a young, working class under-confident Puerto Rican woman whose life is changed for the better when she begins to learn about the Young Lords Party and her rich Puerto Rican history. A couple gets their family out of debt by winning on TV game shows, again and again. 1933 drama with Irene Dunn. After a love affair ending in an abortion, a young prison reformer submerges herself in her work. But then she falls for a controversial and married judge, so scandal looms again. Very controversial film at the time.  A young girl tries to help her grandfather, who is suffering from Alzheimer's, navigate his increasing forgetfulness, and ends up going on a remarkable adventure with him. A boy goes on an adventure of a lifetime when Luna, a baby tiger cub, escapes from an animal sanctuary and follows him home. It is up to one boy, his friend, and his dog to return Luna to her home before she destroys his parents' home. A young Viennese actor is having much success on the stage; but intrigue and confusion in his love life are making his life a living Hell. K3 visits an animal hotel Hawaa Hawaai is a 2014 Bollywood film directed by Amole Gupte. The film features Partho Gupte and Saqib Saleem. The film is produced by Fox Star Studios. The film is a commercial entertainer, and a tribute to people who dare to dream. Saqib Saleem is playing role of a skating coach in the film. The film is likely to be released on 9 May 2014. It is rumored that Sridevi might do a cameo in the movie, though Sridevi has not confirmed the news yet. The director Amol Gupte is going to compose and sing one song for the movie. Rest of the songs are going to be composed by Hitesh Sonik. Awakened by a midnight fever dream, a nameless woman tries to escape her memories of a heinous crime, the youthful face of its perpetrator, and an overwhelming sense of doom. A mischievous, swag-obsessed boy must overcome his inner Scrooge, or remain caught in a cycle where everyday is a Christmas without presents. 'South Beach On Heels' follows the onstage, backstage and offstage lives of eight hard working entertainers, better known as drag queens, This full-length documentary explores the fascinating and funny people behind the make-up, jewels and wigs. Learn what it takes to stay tough as nails in an industry built on big hair, big dreams and illusion. Ride along as they search for love, family and acceptance; and try -- if even for a moment -- to make the world more colorful and tolerant for all of us. Idhuvum Kadandhu Pogum (English: This too will pass by) is a 2014 Indian Tamil film, directed by Anil Krishnan and Srihari Prabaharan who has also written the screenplay and dialogue. The film is produced by the twin sisters Aruna Guhan and Aparna Guhan under AVM Productions. A 55-minutes-odd film, it was released on YouTube through AVM's official channel on 14 April 2014, coinciding with Tamil New Year's day. A family drama that revolves around cricket, it will centre on the character Rameshan played by Nivin Pauly and his memories from 1983 when India won its first World Cup under Kapil Dev to 2013. Three little mice found a kitten in a mice town... All the mice in the town scared except the little mice... Recorded before 65,000 fans, World's On Fire is the debut live film documenting The Prodigy's Warrior's Dance festival from The National Bowl at Milton Keynes on July 24th, 2010. When a divorced mom tries to start dating again, her kids and her dog set out to sabotage the dates. They are successful until her high school sweetheart shows up and he's onto them and they do a comedic battle to sway their mom's heart away from her high school sweetheart back to their father. Benjamin, a young German computer whiz, is invited to join a subversive hacker group that wants to be noticed on the world's stage. Communication gaps surface when a man returns home after a 14 year prison term and is finally forced to take his tormentor head on Newly-divorced Carol moves with her kids, Amanda (16) and Adam (12), from rural Michigan to a Victorian house near Chicago. As the three begin to adjust to their new surroundings, strange things start happening. Creepy noises. Unexplained messes. Old punk rock albums missing. Suspecting the house is haunted, Adam and Amanda hire a wacky medium and a team of bumbling paranormal investigators to help, then discovers on her own that the house is haunted by the ghost of a 17-year-old punk guitarist named Brian, and his fun-loving band of dead pals. Amanda and Brian form a friendship that soon veers toward romance. When the past collides with the present, how will Amanda solve her future? In this funny and moving documentary, acclaimed film-maker Daisy Asquith tells the very personal story of her mother's conception after a dance in the 1940s on the remote west coast of Ireland.  By exploring the repercussions of this act, Daisy and her mother embark on a fascinating and emotional adventure in social and sexual morality. Her grandmother, compelled to run away to have her baby in secret, handed the child over to 'the nuns'. Daisy's mum was eventually adopted by English Catholics from Stoke-on-Trent. Her grandmother returned to Ireland and told no-one. The father remained a mystery for another 60 years, until Daisy and her mum decided it was time to find out who he was.  Their attempts to find the truth make raw the fear and shame that Catholicism has wrought on the Irish psyche for centuries. It leads Daisy and her mum to connect with a brand new family living an extraordinarily different life. Sebastian is an undisciplined mathematics genius who works in the "cipher bureau" of the British Intelligence. While cracking enemy codes, Sebastian finds time to romance co-worker Rebecca Howard. John Red Elk hears from his relatives down in Minneapolis that his Uncle Norton is dead and vows to go to the big city to find out what really happened to him. At its heart, "The Jingle Dress" is a contemporary story of a Native American family that moves from their rural home on the reservation in northern Minnesota to the faster paced urban environment of Minneapolis. We follow the Red Elk family as they experience city culture through their unvarnished perspective, as well as gain insight into their Indigenous culture and traditions. Men and boys learn together what it takes to be a man. An entertaining, secular, and educational look at the benefits of mindful practice, 'The Mindfulness Movie' brings together an unprecedented group of the world's leading neuroscientists, psychiatrists, authors, and others to decode mindfulness. First, they help to define what mindfulness is and how the concept of neuroplasticity plays into the practice. Then, they walk you through eight practical, foundational mindful lessons--like managing stress and mindful eating. Finally, meet some heartwarming veterans and teens who are using mindfulness to overcome issues like PTSD, depression, bi-polar disorder, anxiety, and everyday life stresses. Everyone, regardless of belief system or background, has something to gain from watching ' The Mindfulness Movie.' Adrien's life collapses when his wife and daughter die in a car accident. Unable to work, keeping away from his friends, Adrien will finally meet his brother he hasn't seen in years... His new found passion for astronomy - his wife's passion - puts him on the path to recovery... Muzafar and Feruz are two easy going shepherds from Taboulistan, a tiny country in Asia that is unknown to the rest of the world. To alert the world to his country's existence, the son of Taboulistan's president decides to instigate a program of publicity terrorism. To that end, he recruits our two naive shepherds, their mission: to destroy the Eiffel Tower! But the France that Muzafar and Feruz discovers is far from what they had expected... Two young people arrive in New York to spend a weekend; once they arrive they are met with bad weather and a series of adventures. Heartrending stories of LBT people victimized and subjugated by the law, the family and society, as well as hopeful stories of youngsters who have come out of the closet bravely. In 2009, students of all walks of life at the Arts &amp; Learning Children's Conservatory in Anaheim, CA set out to produce their own live musical parody version of Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back (1980), as interpreted through their young talents. Follow the young actors, artists, musicians (and a few supervising adults) as they audition, rehearse and perform their take on this classic film. In the last store in a defunct shopping mall, 91-year-old Sonia Warshawski - great-grandmother, businesswoman, and Holocaust survivor - runs the tailor shop she's owned for more than 30 years. But when she's served an eviction notice, the specter of retirement prompts Sonia to resist her harrowing past as a refugee and witness to genocide. The way of the eagle is to raise two chicks. The stronger is destined always to throw the weaker from the nest. Man also has his ways, often to hurt those closest to him.  Lukas suffers at the hands of a father who has withdrawn since the loss of his wife. Killed whilst rescuing the infant Lukas, the boy now carries the burden of her death.  Our eagle's story begins in the nest. The first-born chick pushes his weaker brother to a certain death on the forest floor. But fate intervenes and the chick is found by Lukas. Naming him Abel, Lukas cares for the creature in secret, finding a love and companionship denied to him at home. But when the day comes to release Abel back into the wild, will Lukas find his own release into a new life? Electricity titans Thomas Edison and George Westinghouse compete to create a sustainable system and market it to the American people Maisie and Daisy McCormack are two ordinary 12-year-olds finding their way through life in the 21st century. Oh, and they may have just hijacked a movie. After a near-fatal accident, on a horse the experts thought was nothing special, a determined rider from the wrong side of the tracks defies all the odds to pursue her dreams of winning a national jumping championship. The journey of a woman scientist who, at the end of times, discovers that true Faith can bring Miracles. The Club of St. Nicholas is surprised when Amerigo, the horse of St. Nicholas, can suddenly talk. They want to discover how this is possible, but before they can find out how this has happened, villain Jef Vandenaere steals the horse. He is hoping to win a talent contest with it. But St. Nicholas' eve can't continue without Amerigo! Will the Club, with the help of Stijn, succeed in finding the horse back on time? And can St. Nicholas' eve still be celebrated this year? Roman and Maria, a tourist couple with their own disputes, face a problem in Iran with the tourism institute they have a deal with. Morteza, the fired employee of the hotel where the tourist couple are staying, has plans for them with the help of his cousin, Hossein. A piece of news, delivered by two officers in a police car, changes the lives of a family forever. As the journey to track down the next of kin progresses, the vehicle becomes more and more crowded with family members, picked up from home, work, the hairdressers. As they sit in the backseat, alone with their thoughts, what they thought they knew about life, about relationships, has been violently altered. An animated, faux nature "documentary" following the modern mating rituals of the female nine-banded armadillo. Faux-mondo movie featuring sex, drugs, violence and the familiar dulcet tones of Joel Holt. Set in the futuristic Metro City, Astro Boy (Atom) is a young robot with incredible powers created by a brilliant scientist in the image of the son he had lost. Unable to fulfill his creator's expectations, Astro embarks on a journey in search of acceptance, experiencing betrayal and a netherworld of robot gladiators, before returning to save Metro City and reconcile with the father who rejected him. A sister fights all odds to take care of her young brother, until things fall apart, and she is left with no option, but sell her dignity to save him. A young upcoming fashion designer, gets a rude awakening when she fails to land an internship under one of the city's biggest fashion designers. Thinking her dreams of making it as a fashion designer are lost, Stacy gets her big break when she meets a famous celebrity. Stacy, along with her two fashion forward pups, Coco (a Pomeranian) and Stella (a Chihuahua), become an overnight success. After designing the celebrity's dress for a big red carpet event, a jealous competitor dognaps the pups. Alison, a teen, is facing pregnancy. With nowhere to turn, she finds herself in a "clinic" about to end her baby's life. Suddenly a man appears. His mop tells her he's the janitor. Conversation begins and it quickly becomes clear that this man is no mere janitor, but Jesus manifest. And he's come to save the life of her baby. Filmmaker Landon Van Soest's thought documentary explores how massive international efforts to alleviate poverty in Africa may be undermining the very communities they aim to benefit. Intimate portraits of three individuals living in the poorest areas of Kenya, Good Fortune explores how massive, international efforts to alleviate poverty in Africa may be undermining the very communities they aim to benefit. A new teacher, Uma (Anasuya Subasinghe), arrives at a school with her first appointment in a remote village near Dambulla in Sri Lanka. The school has few students, with only the principal (Lucian Bulathsinghala) and Uma as the teacher. With the help of Uma the pupils gradually start to dream of bigger things than they ever imagined.  One day Upuli, a blind girl, shares her unseen dream with school friends Sukiri and Ukkun. It gradually becomes the dream throughout the village. The children and Uma encounter perils in their venture to realise this dream. The children of the school start to focus on something they have never seen before. This target gives rise to a small revolution. Tarun and Kavya, who fall in love, elope from home in a bid to get married and teach their parents 'a lesson'. However, they land in a forest where they end up learning a lesson themselves and choose to return. Mahesh (Ashok) falls in love with Suchi (Washna Ahmed), the secretary of a big businessman Ravikanth (Ravi Raghavendra). This Christmas the pupils of St Bernadette's and their much-loved, madcap teacher Mr. Poppy are back for their biggest adventure yet involving fantastic flashmobs, excitable elves, Christmas carols and of course Archie the donkey! When their new teacher Mr. Shepherd loses his memory and forgets all about Christmas, as well as his fiancee Sophie and the whereabouts of the beloved Archie, it's up to the pupils of St Bernadette's to save the day. Led by the ever enthusiastic Mr Poppy, they embark on a Christmas journey like never before - but time is against them if they are to help Mr Shepherd get to New York in time for his magical yuletide wedding! A timid magazine photo manager who lives life vicariously through daydreams embarks on a true-life adventure when a negative goes missing. In the early years of the reign of Hassan II, Houcine, a fan of the new king, is the director of a popular orchestra and the proud father of Mimou. This is a very particular troupe, male musicians who are sometimes forced to pretend that they are blind in order to play at parties reserved for women in conservative Moroccan families. But then young Minou runs into Chama, the neighbor's new maid It's 1985 and while the country is focused in the victories of the national cyclists in the Tour of France, life changes in the blink of an eye for Elvis Antonio, a 12 year old boy passionate for pro cycling, and now he must take a painful but hilarious journey that leads him to discover the biggest secret his family keeps. Jessica has a big presentation in Palm Springs. There are a couple of problems though: her two kids who will do anything to get mom and dad back together again - even if they have to hack mom's phone or pose as a secretary to make sure dad's in Palm Springs too. And father Joe who'll do anything to charm his way back into Jessica's life. When a San Francisco librarian decided to produce a filmed remake of the Jerome Kern, Oscar Hammerstein musical Show Boat, a large number of actors and aspiring performers auditioned. The auditions, which included performances by nudists, tap-dancing nuns, and turtles were later televised, and this film includes that footage as well as interviews with the performers. Explores the early events leading up to Red Dog's discovery on the road to Dampier, and his ultimate rise from ordinary dog to Australian legend. The film is set in 1521 Antwerp, in a Europe ravaged by religious wars, and during the early years of the Reformation. It tells the story of the twelve year old, Falko Voeten - a printer's son. When Falko's father, Klaas Voeten, a printer of forbidden literature, is caught by the Inquisition for printing a letter written by Maarten Luther; Falko is unwittingly propelled into helping his father and into searching for the letter. Threatened by the Inquisition but aided by Marieke, a Catholic orphan girl from the underground sewers, Falko is faced with a race against time if he is to save his father from being executed for heresy. This experimental video breaks the many silences surrounding lesbians and AIDS. Interweaving the voices of two friends, Internal Combustion reflects on the often unspoken tensions within this epidemic of survival and power and mourning and loss . This is a story of two gifted dancers, Arturo and Rosario and their journey to make their dreams come true, under the beat of the marinera. Dora, a girl who has spent most of her life exploring the jungle with her parents, now must navigate her most dangerous adventure yet: high school. Always the explorer, Dora quickly finds herself leading Boots (her best friend, a monkey), Diego, and a rag tag group of teens on an adventure to save her parents and solve the impossible mystery behind a lost Inca civilization. The Empowerment Project: Ordinary Women Doing Extraordinary Things is the incredible journey of 5 female filmmakers driving across America to encourage, empower, and inspire the next generation of strong women to go after their career ambitions. Driving over 7,000 miles from Los Angeles to New York over the course of 30 days, the documentary spotlights 17 positive and powerful women leaders across a variety of lifestyles and industries. Along the way, these filmmakers relay the candid insight on how these women define their success, what it takes to be a woman in their position, and valuable advice on how to improve the female role in the workplace. In celebration of the all-female focus in front of and behind the camera, the filmmakers turned the cameras on themselves, capturing their transformational journey. Created for women by women, they challenge the audience to ask themselves, "What would you do if you weren't afraid to fail?" In 2013, United Methodist minister Frank Schaefer was defrocked for officiating at his son's same-sex wedding. Suddenly, the Reverend found himself an accidental LGBTQ activist. Considering all sides of the debate, this powerful documentary shows how the groundwork for a 2016 showdown that may transform American Christianity is being laid. After being assigned to an animal rescue shelter as part of his community service by his probation officer, a troubled teenager is forced to get into the spirit of the holidays when he is recruited to help find homes for twelve unwanted dogs before Christmas. When a litter of dalmatian puppies are abducted by the minions of Cruella De Vil, the parents must find them before she uses them for a diabolical fashion statement. This moving documentary profiles a former Buddhist monk who runs a home for orphaned children in the Himalayas, and his relationship with its newest arrival, troubled five-year-old Tashi. Children overcome obstacles to play soccer in a tournament in Colombia. "Only God Can" is the story of 5 longtime friends struggling through life's challenges, discovering through faith that Only God Can empower them to become the person they truly desire to be. In the desperation to earn quick money, two best friends put their moral values at stake and end up losing their pride and dignity. They then choose a wrong path to set things right and snatch back what was rightfully theirs. ROBO-DOG is a real-world fantasy film for the whole family. When Tyler's furry best friend dies tragically, his inventor Dad creates a new dog to take his place - complete with mechanical powers and robotic abilities to keep everyone on their toes. Queen Elizabeth II visits Jamaica for her Golden Jubilee Celebrations. While there, she is petitioned by a small group of Rastafari for slavery reparations. For Rastafari, reparations is linked to a desire to return to Africa, the homeland of their African ancestors who were enslaved in Jamaica during British colonial rule. The film traces this petition, as well as a reparations lawsuit against the Queen. In the background are the stories of earlier Rastas who pursued reparations in the 1960s, and who undertook a historic mission to Africa to organize official repatriation. The film explores how Britain grew wealthy from slavery and the impact of slavery on independent Jamaica, following the filmmaker on a journey, during which the question of reparations reaches Parliament in both Jamaica and the UK. Filmed over a decade, The Price of Memory is a compelling exploration of the enduring legacies of slavery and the case for reparations. In search of the lucrative matsutake mushroom, two former soldiers discover the means to gradually heal their wounds of war. Roger, a self-described 'fall-down drunk' and sniper in Vietnam, and Kouy, a Cambodian refugee who fought the Khmer Rouge, bonded in the bustling tent-city known as Mushroom Camp, which pops up each autumn in the Oregon woods. Their friendship became an adoptive family; according to a Cambodian custom, if you lose your family like Kouy, you must rebuilt it anew. Now, however, this new family could be lost. Roger's health is declining and trauma flashbacks rack his mind; Kouy gently aids his family before the snow falls and the hunting season ends, signaling his time to leave. A faded television actor and his stunt double strive to achieve fame and success in the film industry during the final years of Hollywood's Golden Age in 1969 Los Angeles. Toward the end of World War II, two American soldiers fighting in Southern France become romantically involved with a young, American woman. Her background will reveal more about them than her. A regular family living in the outskirts of Lisbon sees the serenity of their lives shaken beyond any remedy within a week. A powerful true story about the journey of a troubled teenage girl who finds healing in the most unlikely of places, and who must choose to either invest in her own recovery or succumb to the trauma of her past. Monarchs, like their royal namesake, have a flashy life as they they show off in public with flamboyant colors and dazzling aerobatics. But they also have a private life they just a soon keep secret as preying eyes might catch them in a vulnerable situation. But these mysterious aspects of their life are revealed as the camera snoops in when they eat their way out of their egg, consume their own flesh, and squeeze their head from its exoskeleton. How does a caterpillar shed its skin while hanging from a twig? How does the pupa poop? Find out in this amazing film. A young man's life changes forever after a life-threatening encounter on the Kenyan coast. Now he must risk his job, his love, and his future for something even more important. No overview found.  A group of kids realizing there is strength in numbers, band together to take on the neighborhood bullies. A young professional woman (Simpson) unwittingly becomes the pawn of two business executives in their bid to oust the head of a mega-conglomerate.  The rock/fusion power trio The Aristocrats featuring Guthrie Govan on guitar, Bryan Beller on bass, and Marco Minnemann on drums will release the live CD/DVD Culture Clash Live, on January 20, 2015. Captured in six different locations in five countries on three different continents during the band s 100+ show Culture Clash World Tour, it showcases The Aristocrats in full flight: Virtuosic, melodic, spontaneous, outrageous, and still having more fun than any group of world touring muzos has any right to have. About Hope, a young wife plagued with amnesia and Andrew, her duty obsessed husband who must help her fall in love with him all over as he comes to terms with his own destiny. Kadhaveedu' is a dedication to Malayalam being accorded the Shresthabhaasha (Malayalam has been declared a Classical language in 2013) status and presents, as a single entity, three different stories penned by the doyens of Malayalam literature - Vaikkom Muhammed Basheer, M T Vasudevan Nair and Madhavikutty. The film is an anthology with adaptations of stories written by renowned Malayalam fiction writers Basheer, M. T. Vasudevan Nair and Madhavikutty (Kamala Surayya).. The stories have been tweaked to fit in a modern setting and the script has been conceived by the director himself. The most popular children's magazine in Yugoslavia was called Modra lasta (Blue Swallow). In 1969, it created Lastan. For hundreds of thousands of children Lastan was a mythical hero who helped unhappy and confused little souls. Each child imagined him differently and felt confident to share with him what they could not confess to anyone else: Dear Lastan, I kissed him, am I pregnant?; Dear Lastan, I fell in love with a boy from my class... For decades Lastan was a legend and the best kept secret in journalism. This film, for the first time after almost five decades, reveals his true identity. 32-year-old Janete has her life on hold. With her dad ( a reformed colonel from the military police) facing a death state in the hospital, she does nothing but spend his last days beside him. While waiting for the inevitable end of this painful journey, Janete writes incessantly, sometimes on her laptop, sometimes on a notebook. In his first special in seven years, Ricky Gervais slings his trademark snark at celebrity, mortality and a society that takes everything personally. The film ' Antboy: Revenge of the Red Fury ' is a sequel to the Danish superhero film Antboy, based on the books by Kenneth Bogh Andersen. The story is again on the ordinary Danish boy Pelle, who secretly fights crime as a superhero Antboy. In the first film, he made   short work of the super villain flea , now tucked away on the local insane clinic. Julia, a Los Angeles photographer, journeys to the Canadian Arctic. Her whimsical trip becomes a life threatening disaster. Julia, abandoned, ill equipped, and stranded on sea ice, is rescued by Malaya, a young Inuit girl. Julia discovers the dark truth of Malaya's world. Matt, a young glaciologist, soars across the vast, silent, icebound immensities of the South Pole as he recalls his love affair with Lisa. They meet at a mobbed rock concert in a vast music hall - London's Brixton Academy. They are in bed at night's end. Together, over a period of several months, they pursue a mutual sexual passion whose inevitable stages unfold in counterpoint to nine live-concert songs. This is the story of a mother and her missing son set in the backdrop of 1984 Punjab, when the state was going through a terrible time of terrorism. The film depicts the longing of a mother for her son and her search for her son, who is labelled a terrorist because of the bad times in Punjab. The movie centers on a piano competition whose winner is assured of success. It is Paul's last chance to compete, but newcomer Heidi may be a better pianist. Can romance be far away? Will she take a dive despite the pressure to win from her teacher, Greta, or will she condemn Paul to obscurity? Three teenage girls try to help their girlfriend, who is having a nervous breakdown that conventional therapy seems to be failing to remedy. My Life Partner deals with the deep and intricate emotional relationship between two men. The movie narrates the story of two friends-turned-lovers, Richard and Kiran, who were both born and brought up in different cultural backgrounds. Issues crop up when they plan to add a baby to their lives, reinforcing their mutual bond as the Indian law does not allow a man to adopt a child on his own. To find a way around this, Richard, who is a bisexual, marries an orphan, Pavithra. Their life goes topsy-turvy, when Pavithra discovers Richard and Kiran's relationship. Growing up in a small town, Charlie, Alex and Nick weren't the most popular kids around after they formed "The Elite Monster Unit". Chasing notorious, mythical legends and ghosts was exciting to them, not "cool" to the other kids around. So they lived their lives on the outside of the "in" crowd. Making matters worse was Charlie's obvious crush on Brandy, one of the most popular kids in school and sister to one of the biggest bullies around. Trying to impress Brandy, Charlie accepts a dare from her brother Nick that says he and his friends must spend Halloween night in a house long rumored to be haunted.What seems to be an easy challenge quickly turns out to be a night of frights as Charlie, Nick and Alex find themselves in the fight of their lives trying to out smart (and outrun) their new nemesis, a ghost dog named Salty, who does whatever he can to make this the worst night of their lives... As a small-town girl catapults from underground video sensation to global superstar, she and her three sisters begin a one-in-a-million journey of discovering that some talents are too special to keep hidden. Four aspiring musicians will take the world by storm when they see that the key to creating your own destiny lies in finding your own voice. A group of mariachis receives a letter to be part of the National Mariachi Contest in Mexico City. In order to be able to win they will need to travel together and solve their differences since their prime was 30 years ago. Psalm IV: Valley of the Shadow, pairs moody landscape imagery culled from a video game with John Huston's reading of James Joyce's "The Dead".  Hollywood in my Huis is 'n coming-of-age romantic comedy set against the backdrop of 2004's matric dance in South Africa. The story focuses on an ordinary teenage girl - Jana van Tonder - who lives in an impoverished railway neighborhood with her dysfunctional parents. When she witnesses Charlize Theron's iconic Oscar win, Jana is inspired to transform her upcoming matric dance into her very own Hollywood Red Carpet mooment. Meanwhile, Jana's secret cursh, Brandon, the school's tennis champ, breaks off his relationship with Angelique, the school's most popular girl. But just as Jana needs to scrape together the courage to ask Brandon to the dance, her best friend and boy-next-door, Frikkie, reveals his true feelings for her. With the matric dance less than a month away, Jana has to make the difficult decision between her closest friend and her dream date. In a remote region in India there has been a tradition of settling differences by fighting a duel with pistols with only one bullet in each of them. Such was the duel fought by Shankar and Thakur Bhavani Singh, with the latter emerging as the victor. Years later, Bhavani's son, Prithvi, returns from London, meets Shankar's son, Gora and daughter, Tara, befriends them, and eventually both Tara and Prithvi fall in love with each other. When Bhavani finds this out, he wants Prithvi to marry Rajeshwari, who comes from a rich family, and will destroy Gora Shankar and his tribe of gypsies. Unable to make up his mind, Prithvi ends up marrying both women, leading to Tara giving birth to a son, Pratap. Bhavani is enraged when he this out, he has Tara and a lot of their people slain, and their homes torched. Gora himself is arrested by the police, and sentenced to several years in prison... "Move Me Brightly" is a film based around a musical gathering at Bob Weir's TRI Studios in San Rafael, California to mark what would have been Jerry Garcia's 70th birthday on 3rd August, 2012. The revolving line-up of performers included fellow Grateful Dead members along with many guest artists who joined together to celebrate Jerry Garcia's life and work. Grateful Dead bandmates and other musicians who played with or were inspired by him. It is fitting tribute to one of rock music's most creative and imaginative composers and performers. Features contributions from fellow Grateful Dead members Bob Weir, Phil Lesh, Bill Kreutzmann, Mickey Hart and Donna Jean Godchaux along with Garcia family members and guests including Carlos Santana, Furthur's Joe Russo &amp; Jeff Chimenti, Phish's Mike Gordon, Black Crowes' Adam MacDougall, Vampire Weekend's Chris Tomson, Yellowbirds' Sam Cohen &amp; Josh Kaufman and many more. After the events in the previous film, Secret Service agent Mike Banning finds himself framed for an assassination attempt on the President. Pursued by his own agency and the FBI, Banning races to clear his name and uncover the real terrorist threat which has set its sights on Air Force One. A Gypsy boy of the Onion clan and his Romanian friend in a village lost in Transylvania decide to flee to the big city to become actors. This seems the best way to get some easy money to rid themselves of the excruciating poverty and help the Onion clan's older brother get a dowry and marry the daughter of the rich Garlic clan. The two young boys run away from school, in an attempt to create a better life for themselves and their families. The road is beset with adventures as they scour rural Transylvania and its picturesque landscape. In an orphanage around the year 1900, the principal of an orphanage tries to earn some money by selling the orphans for child labour. The moment we step in the story one of the orphans, Wim, is about to be sold to a brutal man. The man wants Wim to go to the market with a little monkey to pickpocket people. By the time they get to the market, Wim succeeds in escaping with the monkey by hiding in an old canalboat with the help of Jet, a girl who lives at the countryside. When they arrive at the farm where Jet lives, he meets Jets little sister Sien and her friend Ot, two little children who will take care of Wim and the monkey for the next weeks. When the brutal man finally finds out the hiding place of Wim, a true chase follows and Wim is locked up in the orphanage again. But then Jet's father, a schoolteacher, interferes.... A story for the whole family about the start of the compulsory school attendance in 3D! An awkward teenage outcast finds unlikely companions in two aged residents of the retirement home in which she works. Counting for Thunder is inspired by the three years when Phillip Irwin Cooper, unlucky in work, money and love, went home to the Gulf Coast of Alabama to help out with a family crisis. Working through his past with his complicated family, some old high school chums, and the desperate and hilarious southern characters who grace his hometown, Phillip ultimately finds his own voice as his mother is regaining hers for possibly the last time. When her grandfather has a car accident, Isabel (11) takes on his search for the sword that has been promised to her ancestor centuries ago by the world famous musketeer D'Artagnan. Assisted by her nephew Rik (12) and friend Jules (13), she will need just as much bravery, loyalty and perseverance as the illustrious musketeer to find his lost sword, to save her grandfather and to reunite her family.  A newly hired executive for a multinational corporation is kidnapped at gunpoint. His wife and a detective uncover a much more sinister international conspiracy. Haunted by childhood traumas, Veera is trying to become more independent through live-action role-playing. As she guides herself and her mentally challenged brother through worlds of multiple roles and identities, witches and wizards, she finds the courage to face the demons of her own past and her abusive father's legacy. Once a year 2000 garden gnomes and 10,000 gnome carers gather in the sleepy mountain hamlet of Glenbrook, for the Annual Australian Garden Gnome Convention. Thom Pain is just like you, except worse. One night, he finds himself on a stage, in the dark, in a theatre. In the audience are people who, just like him, were born and will die. Thom is going to try to make sense of it all. He's going to try to save his life, to save their life, to save your life - in that order. A camera crew captures the night, as various forces align to produce a reckless and accidentally profound event. Ricky Rapper gets a letter from a distant relative who's looking for an heir. A coming of age story about Bella, a 17-year old Malawian girl. Bella wrestles with intersections of traditional life and the new role of girls in modern day Malawi, artfully juggling her various roles of daughter, sister, student, advocate and a girl who just wants to grow up. The film displays a plethora of dramatics and emotional charges expected of adolescents. The film is about true friendships, unrequited romances, school bullying, the desire to be modern, teacher-student relationships and how these impact both the students and the teachers, peer pressure, the impact of stigma and discrimination that comes with HIV/AIDS, the plight of child headed families, and how strong-mindedness and the desire to do right will always prevail. Annalet "Makkie" Steenkamp belongs to a family of white Afrikaner farmers. She recorded moments in the everyday lives of her family for almost nine years, in an examination of their unbreakable bond with the land of South Africa. The family experiences firsthand how that bond is put to the test, and just how complex it is to set up a new social and political structure. Apartheid may be over, but racism has left deep scars in South African society. Blacks and whites live largely segregated lives, and the farmers, who still constitute the propertied and employing classes, experience a rampant growth in violence against them. Chris has just moved to the East Coast, and already his workaholic father is encouraging him to make new friends. Luckily football (soccer) practice is starting up, and Chris meets a few kids on the team-including his cute neighbor Mara. When Mara invites Chris to help liberate some mistreated animals from the local fair, Chris accepts. They head to the fair that night, but get busted by ringleader Malick, who chases them off the grounds. It isn't until the next morning that Chris realizes Momo, a lovable little monkey, stowed away in his backpack. Not wanting to send Momo back to Malick's greedy clutches, Chris must find a way to keep him out of sight. But handling a monkey does have its perks: Mara is spending a lot of time with Chris, and Momo is even lending Chris a paw on the football field. Chris' summer is bound to have a lot of monkey business, but is it enough to drive him bananas? Desperate to see their church grow, Pastor John (Robert Amaya) and wife Betsy (Erin Bethea) do the unthinkable and change their church Christmas pageant. Flabbergasted, elderly choir director Mary Margaret (Sallie Wanchisn) leads the choir to boycott. Facing termination, Pastor John resorts to disguising himself as an old man to bridge the generation gap, win over Mary, and lead the choir back to the church. When he discovers that the wounds run deeper than he first suspected, Pastor John must learn to love the unlovable or risk the ruin of his church and family. The Blue Meanies take over Pepperland, draining it of all its color and music, firing anti-music missiles, bonking people with green apples, and turning the inhabitants to stone by way of the pointed finger of a giant blue glove. As the only survivor, the Lord Admiral escapes in the yellow submarine and goes to Liverpool to enlist the help of the Beatles. Presented by: Genuine Gypsy Productions When misleading photos are published of security company chief Jessie Rogers purportedly caught in a love nest with his rock star client, his humiliated wife, Noelle, swiftly files for divorce. Unable to convince her of his innocence, Jessie fights in vain to win Noelle back when a Christmastime blizzard snowbounds the family. A portrait of Beyonce strips away the veneer of stardom to display the extraordinary gifts that have made this 16-time Grammy(r)-winner, entrepreneur and actress a global phenomenon. "12 Months" (2014) - an award-winning documentary about a Los Angeles man who rents his three-bedroom home for $1 per month to help a family - he has never met - get on their feet.  Told through the eyes of Felicia Dukes and her four children, the project puts a personal face on homelessness and encourages individuals to take personal responsibility for helping address societal concerns.  This film has won Best Documentary at the Sunrise Film Festival in Nova Scotia, Canada, in October 2015, as well as has been screened within film festival in seven countries and 15 locations!  Jack Oei (8) has two moms, is an only child and feels lonely. Jack's biggest wish is a brother. But no matter how much he begs his moms, the little brother just doesn't arrive. Jack decides to take matters in his own hands.... Every day with Barney is fun -- but today is stuuu-PENDously special:  it's Barney's birthday! His friends decide to throw a party and BJ and Baby Bop arrive with party supplies to help prepare for the festivities. Jackson is inspired by their assortment of handmade presents and hurries home in search of a very "special" gift for Barney. While waiting for his return, they play party games, sing songs and open presents Alasdair Gray is one of the giants of Scottish Arts, gaining a reputation as a great writer, artist, notorious drunkard, irascible interviewee and controversial essayist. In this intimate portrait, filmed over the course of 15 years, he has allowed himself to be filmed creating work that has become part of the living heritage of Scotland. This feature length documentary gets behind the hype, revealing a character who is by turns incisive, chaotic and laugh out loud funny. There is no one better that Alasdair if you want to understand the cultural drive for independence. What makes a family a family, and how do animal families differ from our own? These engaging and educational episodes from the "Animal Atlas" series examine the similarities and differences among families of wild animals all over the globe. From a chimpanzee family headed by a single male to elephant herds governed by females and the intricate protocols of a prairie dog town, the wild kingdom is brought to your home in a kid-friendly atmosphere. Second animation about Gena and Cheburashka. Selja is in her thirties and lives in a shared flat with her friends. One day a boy appears at her door; a boy she gave up for adoption sixteen years earlier. Selja has a chance to get to know her son, but at the same time, makes a complete mess of her and her best friends' lives. Urban Family is a new kind of music film set in the modern-day world.  When Life hits you with all it has...will you still be standing? Tamizhselvi, a little girl, is the darling of the Kathiresan household. She is fond of her pet rooster Paapa, but her grandfather Kathiresan plans to offer Paapa as a sacrifice to their god in the interest of his family. What happens when the rooster goes missing? Emanuel travels to visit his grandma Catie, who lives in the countryside. He has a feeling this is going to be their last goodbye. His mother's looking after Catie and she has decided not to speak a word about grandma's diagnosis, because she does not want to embitter her. Emanuel does not agree with this decision, but on the other hand, he is also hiding his own sexuality to his grandma. Every little moment shared among them, makes strengthen family ties while mismatched feelings emerge. Emanuel should reconsider if things are really better left unsaid. What would you do if you told the world you heard God's voice and no one believed you? "The Borrowed Christmas" is the new family movie by Rossetti Productions. John Dale has everything. Money, notoriety, the biggest house in town. But what he really wants, is a good, old fashion Christmas. With no family in town, John turns to the local "Rent-All" store and Anne Weston. Anne's store is struggling, and in an attempt to save the shop, she takes on this unusual order, from this unusual man. She goes about trying to fill the order, but ends up filling a need much greater. It's 1953, and 11-year-old Junior McCaully is ready to call it quits. Chubby, bullied, and stuck at an Arizona trailer court with his hardworking mom. Nothing prepares him for the arrival of Melissa, a sophisticated Hollywood girl who changes everything. Veteran funnyman Louie Anderson returns to the stage in this hilarious stand-up comedy special, taking an unconventional and jovial look at his bad habits, pesky family members and aging body. When a new kid named Cory moves to town, he's picked on by the school bullies. To protect himself, he doesn't use his fists-he uses his brain instead! He scares the bullies off by fibbing that his father is a hit man for the mob. Word quickly spreads around and gets the attention of the REAL mobsters in town, too. Now his dad has the problem! As shenanigans between the family and the mobsters ensue, Cory must find a way to make things right. THE NETWORKER is a comedy-drama with heart, an entertaining indie about family and redemption. Two brothers sneak into a circus in order to free their grandfather's horse and fulfill his last wish. A group of friends embark on an adventure to find a classmate from university who disappeared without a trace on graduation day. Rejoining the orphan Charlie in this stand alone film. Now he has a family with Gerda and Kurre. But when Gerda gets a child of her own, Charlies happiness feels threaten. A fair is in town and the family visits it, Charlie meets a wizard who shows her the tricks to a new world, but the wizards holds more darker secrets up his sleeve. Benjamin has lost his wife and, in a bid to start his life over, purchases a large house that has a zoo - welcome news for his daughter, but his son is not happy about it. The zoo is in need of renovation and Benjamin sets about the work with the head keeper and the rest of the staff, but, the zoo soon runs into financial trouble. An ex-cons future is threatened by his brother's involvement with drugs. While Sergeant John Tyree is home on two weeks leave from Germany, he meets Savannah after he dives into the ocean to retrieve Savannah's purse that had fallen off a pier. John eventually falls in love with Savannah, who promises to write to him until he returns from overseas. Twin brothers -- one rough and tough, the other a city-bred milquetoast -- compete for their father's fortune. The BFG is no ordinary bone-crunching giant. He is far too nice and jumbly. It's lucky for Sophie that he is. Had she been carried off in the middle of the night by the Bloodbottler, or any of the other giants--rather than the BFG--she would have soon become breakfast. When Sophie hears that the giants are flush-bunking off to England to swollomp a few nice little chiddlers, she decides she must stop them once and for all. And the BFG is going to help her! Rosario Tijeras has been abused by men all her life, initially by her stepfather. Years later, she works as a paid assassin, seducing men and killing them when they least expect it. She meets Emilio, a wealthy womanizer, and his best friend, Antonio, at a nightclub, and starts an affair with Emilio despite Antonio's growing feelings for her. But circumstances bring her closer to Antonio, until her past catches up with her in a devastating way. The characters we met a little more than a decade ago return to East Great Falls for their high-school reunion. In one long-overdue weekend, they will discover what has changed, who hasn't, and that time and distance can't break the bonds of friendship. A hapless, bad-luck prone loser meets a free-spirited Frenchwoman who inspires him to get his life back on track. Within the last half century, our agriculture and food has changed more than it has changed before in several thousand years. New technologies and scientific ingenuity have given rise to genetically modified organisms (GMO) and other novel foods. Some people have raised concerns about the safety of GMOs in our food supply, given their incredible dominance in the majority of our diet. Traditional, organic farmers, have consistently been under attack by large corporate farming interests, who seek to dominate the food industry and run family farms out of business. This film looks at our current food system as well as a variety of smaller, organic options available to consumers who want to support sustainable farming methods. A 13-year-old boy becomes the target of bullies at his new school and is feeling hopeless, until he finds Marshall being caged up by a dog-hoarder in deplorable conditions. Finn knows he must rescue Marshall, but he has been abused by the other dogs and needs to see the vet right away. The bond of friendship is immediate. Heidi is orphaned and her uncaring maternal Aunt Dete takes her to the mountains to live with her reclusive, grumpy paternal grandfather, Adolph Kramer. Heidi brings her grandfather back into mountain society through her sweet ways and sheer love. When Dete later returns and steals Heidi away to become the companion of a rich man's wheelchair-bound daughter, the grandfather is heartsick to discover his little girl missing and immediately sets out to get her back. Blinky Bill is a little koala with a big imagination. An adventurer at heart, he dreams of leaving the little town of Green Patch and following in his missing father's footsteps. When Blinky discovers a mysterious marker that hints at his Dad's whereabouts, he embarks on a journey that takes him beyond the boundary of Green Patch and into the wild and dangerous Outback. Seventy-Nine US Navy SEALS have paid the ultimate sacrifice since 9/11/2001. Retired Navy SEAL Sniper, Dave Hall, and LA Artist, Ellwood T. Risk, created a work of art from the target Dave shot 79 times from 911 yards on 9/11/2012. Documenting the journey of a SEAL, injured in a firefight who wants to reset the day, to the stories of the lives of the fallen, as told by their families, woven among the creation of the art, Until it Hurts meets along the way a retired Navy SEAL Lieutenant who survived being shot in the face, a civilian couple who purchased the art, a seventeen year-old who wants to be a Navy SEAL and the NYPD Officer who's best friends were killed in 9-11. River Miller, a mentally unstable actor haunted by the past, moves to Hollywood to start his life over, only to find his inner demons are inescapable. Experimental color film that shows a magician and his assistant making objects and people appear and disappear. Then they stack up some blocks and a moving picture of a little girl appears on them. A grumpy old sailor wants only to finish building his boat so he can set out to sea. But from local officals to troubled fosters kid, the world keeps intervening to test his determination to make something of his golden years. Uptight city accountant Michael Thompson is hired to help a family save their stable before the bank shuts them down. Michael reluctantly agrees, but as he searches for ways to save a family's legacy, he finds something he never expected. In May of 2013, The Okee Dokee Brothers hiked sections of the Appalachian Trail. During their month-long journey on the trail, they camped, hiked, and composed the songs that make up the album, Through the Woods. This 50-minute movie details their adventure with interviews, music videos, and other shenanigans set in the Appalachian wilderness.  In the crystal clear waters off the coast of Borneo, a unique way of life threatens to disappear forever. For generations, the Badjao were oceanic nomads, living in harmony with the sea as fishermen and free divers. Nowadays, however, only a few Badjao remain, like Alexan, who still remembers the old ways. He hopes to pass his knowledge along to his ten-year-old nephew Sari, but time and opportunities are running out. Sari loves the sea, but it can only offer a hard life of subsistence fishing, while the nearby tourist resort sings a siren song of easy money. Two brothers reconnect after the death of their parents.  Yasaman has been living with her mother Leila since birth. Leila has never let her see her father. When Yasaman gets brain death in an accident, Leila has one week time to get consent from her ex-husband for a vital issue. It's Christmas break at the McDonald house, but silent nights--and days--are nowhere to be found.  With the children's constant bickering, pretty packages and a sweet-smelling tree don't come close to filling the McDonald home with the true spirit of the first Christmas.  Then Mom remembers an old tradition of building a soft bed for Baby Jesus one straw at a time.  Each time someone secretly does something nice for another family member, he or she gets to add a single straw to the manager.  Soon the children's quarreling and negative feelings subside and the homemade crib fills with straw.  But for one family member, a required act of kindness becomes more than he can take.  Inspired by a true story with both heart and humor.  The Last Straw may forever change the way your family celebrates Christmas. Rich Bower is an up-and-coming star in the hip-hop world. Everyone wants to be around him, including Raven and her fellow upper-class white high school friends. The growing appeal of black culture among white teens fascinates documentary filmmaker Sam Donager, who sets out to chronicle it with her husband, Terry. But before Bower was a rapper, he was a gangster, and his criminal past comes back to haunt him and all those around him. A slapstick comedy about a fictitious competition spoofing reality show competitions. Three friends, who have known each other for a long time, decide to enter a singing and musical competition. A ragtag gang of international talking-dog mascots must save the day and foil the plot of villains planning to sabotage the Youth World Cup soccer finals. COCONUT THE LITTLE DRAGON 1: Coconut and his friend Oscar are outsiders on Dragon Island. Coconut is supposed to be a flying dragon but he can't fly and Oscar, a carnivore by nature, is a vegetarian by choice. Together with the porcupine Matilda they go on fabulous adventures and meet dragons in all shapes and sizes.  COCONUT THE LITTLE DRAGON 2: This is going to be the best holiday ever. Coconut The Little Dragon is thrilled about going to summer camp with his best friends Oscar and Matilda. But due to wild Water Dragons and carnivorous plants, the adventure he wished for turns out tougher than expected. Anna is a Salvadorian girl who has lived in the USA and come backs to her home country where she stars searching for the love of her life with the help of her cousin and his friend. A story of adoption told without glamour and hypocrisy that usually accompanies this topic.Anna is a top model, who was adopted by a French couple as a child. She returns to her hometown with a charity mission from France.A story of an orphan turned princess becomes a legend in her native provincial town. Anna gets treated like royal person and everyone expects miracles from herAnna is confused and cannot understand what all these people want from her. She is used to a calm and logical western lifestyle. Her home is France, in Russia she is a guest. Horrified, she watches her photographer boyfriend Michelle, admire incomprehensible Russian mentality On August 6, 2011, Sgt. Daniel J. Patron, a United States Marine Corps EOD technician, was killed in the line of duty while attempting to disarm an IED in Sangin, Afghanistan. Sgt. Patron had just extended his deployment to ensure that the Marines he was stationed with would find their way home. This film is a tribute to Sgt. Patron. An intense short movie showing a turbulent marriage. The wife is always smiling. The man gets angry time and again. Part of BFI collection "They Stand Ready." Pointing out the importance of maintaining a playful spirit, which we all have when we are kids and society forces us to abandon in our adult lives, Drops of Joy is a documentary that speaks widely about the idea that playing is something very serious and urgent. Grace is excited for the summer so she can start a business with her friends, but things take an unexpected turn when her mom announces a trip to Paris. There, Grace must learn to get along with her French cousin, Sylvie, and she finds unexpected inspiration for her business. Then, Grace finds out her grandparents bakery, that inspired her to start a business, is closing. Can she and her friends find a way to save it? A documentary following the inspiring journey of 25 yr old, 58 pound Lizzie from cyber-bullying victim to anti-bullying activist Phil and Colin Beverly are two inept small-town brothers with big dreams, and a song-and-dance rock group to take them there. When they learn of a 'performance competition' in Austin, Texas called South by Southwest, they set out on a cross-country journey, followed by a camera crew of student filmmakers who document their quest to the top! The top of what, they have no idea. Kalidasan (Prakash Raj), a bachelor in his forties, is an archaelogist and a foodie. Kali's well wishers want him to get married but he is in no hurry to get hitched. One day, he receives a call from Gowri, a dubbing artiste in her mid-thirties, who mistakes Kalidasan's number to be that of a hotel's. Both Gowri and Kali end up fighting initially but eventually learn that they share the same interests. After several conversations over the phone, they feel that the other might be the soul mate that they've been waiting for all their lives. Just when the two decide to meet each other in person, doubts cloud their mind and they seek the help of their younger relatives, who completely misread the situation and cause confusion. A couple of dancers appear one morning in a High School. It's Monday and they announce to a group of youngsters that they have five days to get up on stage and dance. A short time but a big challenge. The dance compels these youngsters to break through their roles exactly at the time of their lives when the social roles are being forged. The handsome boy is no longer the most admired, the timid one takes a step forward. Wilfried van Popple and Amaya Lubeigt are the choreographers. Professional dancers who have decided now to work with people who have never danced before. This is the challenge: five days, a class of teenagers, a microcosm in which occurs a little big bang. A  small desert town in western Australia is the scene of several love affairs in this romantic drama. Forty-year-old Stella (Wendy Hughes) works at her father's hotel and bar. She receives annual New Year's marriage proposals from rodeo rider Andy Ford (John Hargreaves), who talks himself into asking her one more time. Stella's father Billy (Norman Kaye) is a former cricket star whose career ended early when he was involved in a sex scandal. She spends the night with vacationing Arthur (Michael Siberry) when his car breaks down. Andy elects not to pop the question to Stella in lieu of her one-night stand with the stranger. When Billy elects to marry June Thompson (Julie Nihill), the local gossipmongers have a field day recalling the woman's promiscuous past. A genetic engineering experiment gone horribly awry turns a large flock of docile sheep into unrelenting killing machines in this rural horror comedy directed by Jonathan King and featuring special effects designed by Weta Workshop. Follows the Hartman family and their dealings with a legendary creature when it begins coming around their farm house deep in the woods in the late 1960s. With help from his friends, a Memphis pimp in a mid-life crisis attempts to become a successful hip-hop emcee.  Women from Kerala have a 'beautiful' reputation about their looks and the hero's father in Kerala Naatilam Pengaludanae played by Professor Gnanasambandham seems to be smitten by them with a reason to support his belief. A story that revolves around three sisters who live in their grandmother's home and the arrival of their 13-year-old half sister. After his mother unexpectedly dies, 17-year-old Ethan discovers he is the owner of his mother's horse - a horse he never even knew existed. He travels cross country to live with his grandparents and investigate the mystery. His grandmother is supportive but his angry grandfather Otto doesn't seem to want him around. Next door live three children who are taking riding lessons at the same farm where his mother's horse is boarded. Their lives intersect as Ethan deals with his grief over his mother's death and the children deal with a neighborhood bully whose father works at the horse farm. The journey for Ethan, Otto, the three children, the bully and her father all revolve around a gentle and faithful horse called Bear who deeply touches all their lives. This is a delightful redemption-themed family movie that will appeal to children, teens, horse-lovers and people of all ages. "Love, Supermoon" tells the story of three best friends Triz, Tiha and Nina, who like gossiping about Razak`s life. Razak is a doctor and was married to a flight attendant named Nora, but the marriage did not last long. Razak is good friends with Solomon, the adopted brother of Nina who later becomes his wife. Although the three best friends act crazy at times, they will never run away from the trials in their lives. The story of William Vincent as he recounts the eccentric and curious path that has brought him, at mortal risk, to New York City, after four years in exile, to rescue a woman he scarcely knows, Ann, from the vague crime syndicate that first brought them together. Four fearless adventurers mount their vintage motorcycles and set off on a challenging ride through America's most beautiful landscapes In a world filled with Noise, there is another Sound worth Hearing, and her name is Rachel Flowers. "Hearing is Believing" introduces the world to the life and music of the multi-talented 23-year old musician and composer, Rachel Flowers. The Family Farm explores the farm to table process through the lens of Canadian small farmers and identifies the systematic barriers they face in running a profitable farm. In its journey across the country, the film blends extraordinary shots of the Canadian farm landscape with discussions of the challenges and setbacks small farmers endure, as well as the turning points and breakthroughs that have allowed them to achieve success. As these intimate accounts are shared, traditional images of family farmers are redefined as we grow to see these individuals not only as farmers, but as teachers, botanists, and mechanics who open our eyes to the issues that continue to threaten small farmers as well as the importance of buying local and organic foods. Da Sean Caddy Show is visual biography documentary of the Author S. Andrew LinZy as he journeys across the world in search of Love Divine. LinZy's publication of 9Eyes 9Deceiving Faces: Return of Da 9Ruby Prince of Ethiopia After thirty years of marriage, a middle-aged couple attends an intense, week-long counseling session to work on their relationship. Two men who work as both automobile mechanics and firemen operate a garage in a fire station. A car has been left for them to clean, but they destroy it instead. In the second half of the film, Roscoe and Keaton have been called to a fire, but it turns out to be a false alarm. When they return, they find their own fire station on fire. Transgender Parents takes the conversation about parenting and transsexuality to the next level: Some parents transitioned in the presence of their kids and some who transitioned prior to founding families - being out as trans and as parents, in ways that weren't possible 20 years ago. Transgender Parents centers the importance of access to building and continuing parent-child relationship in the presence of a gender transition. It is a tender look at the art of parenting, testimony to some of the hardest relational work in this life. This short documentary takes us to St. John's Cathedral Boys' School, at Selkirk, Manitoba, one of the most demanding outdoor schools in North America. As the school can't accommodate every student wishing to enroll, boys of 13 to 15 years old are put through an initiation tougher than they have ever faced. They paddle canoes through some 500 kilometers of wilderness in 2 weeks, portaging and camping all the way, thereby learning vital outdoor lore, cooperation and self-confidence. Twenty years ago, Habiba and Eric were neighbours. When Eric revisits her home to find her still living there with her husband, what seems like a friendly reunion turns into the gradual revelation of a painful secret from the past. An unflinching look at the consequences of abuse, Fundamentally Happy explores without judgment or condemnation critical issues such as trust, memory, relationships and consent. For six decades Angela Bowen, classical dancer and teacher, black lesbian feminist activist, and professor has influenced and inspired untold numbers speaking out as strongly for the Arts, Black and Women's Rights as she has for Lesbian and Gay Rights. The film depicts Bowen's life across the decades, from the early fifties, with historic footage, photographs and interviews including her dance mentor, dance partner, former husband, partner, children, activists, scholars, and dance and university students. Bowen's candid and compelling stories allow us to understand how race, class, gender, age, and sexuality played into her decisions and choices, her mission, and strategies for survival. Passionate Pursuits is intended to challenge and inspire diverse audiences to pursue their own dreams with tenacity and courage, but not for themselves alone.   Little Pratheesh has been seeing a classmate, Ashalatha, for years but cannot confess his affection due to his shyness. One day he hears news that she was raped and murdered. He breaks down from shock and is unable to sleep alone in the darkness. He drops out of school to stay at home. With help from his elder brother, he manages to get a job at a textile shop where he finds a mannequin and believes it is Ashalatha resurrected. He now has to be brave enough to protect her from this dangerous world. The world has been reshaped by the invasion of ghosts via the wireless internet. Cities are deserted, technology has been destroyed and the few remaining human beings eschew anything electrical in order to avoid a confrontation with the soulless ghosts that now wander the planet. Most of the ghosts are doomed to a repetitive loop of something they did while they were still despairing humans (a man repeatedly hangs himself, for example), but there are some ghosts so locked in denial, they do not know they are dead. They continue to haunt their homes, wrapped in fear that their souls will soon be torn from them. After his sudden death, a devoted father's search for heaven brings him back to his distraught family and his wilderness fishing camp for a few precious days in the body of a wanted man. Dating Daisy is a romantic comedy about the honest and crazy truth of dating in your twenties!  The story follows Michael and Daisy, two exes who decide to road trip home together for the holidays and get caught up in their crazy past. Stay Awhile is a human story told from the perspective of a daughter, the film's Director and Writer Jessica Edwards, whose parents 'The Bells' attained fame in music selling millions of albums worldwide during the electric times of the 1960's/70's. Stay Awhile is a film that transcends the simple dream of life in a band, exposing the emotional dynamics between the men and women who were a part of it. The film is brought to life with interviews from the original members of The Bells, vintage film, artists and industry execs of the time. Evoking love, fortune, failure and the ties that bond in a document of unforgettable music moments shared in Canadian music history. 3 stories, 3 countries. Tibet, Mongolia, Siberia. Nomad children fill a hostile world with their wishes and their dreams. At major cross-roads in their lives, they are confronted by love, danger and death. A renowned circus dog is the only one left behind after her traveling show leaves town. In a stroke of luck, she is found by Billy, a kid from the city who has just moved to town, and he takes her to live at a farm among a quirky cast of farm animals. Explores the vibrant array of musical interpretations of Jewish identities, from ram's horn to beatbox, from Uganda to Argentina. Three sisters struggle to find happiness through the holiday season as the youngest sister and bride to be is traumatized when she discovers that her first love has been hired as her wedding photographer. The story of an emotionally detached backup dancer named Athena, who must return home to Florida to help care for her estranged father, Jack, after he gets diagnosed with cancer. There she must contend with Jack's irresponsible lifestyle while looking after six year old Honey Bunny who is only beginning to grasp the err in Jack's ways. Santa Claus temporarily switches bodies with a younger man to make his job easier during Christmas. A young newly married couple Rimi and Bikram are living happily. One day the girl's paternal uncle dies and leaves behind an old traditional house in the northern part of the city of ... Terrified after having witnessed the cold-blooded murder of her boss and her cousin by vicious gangsters, an exotic dancer from Russia flees to England and assumes the identity of her dead relative only to discover that no matter how far you run, you can never escape your past. Arriving in England, the frightened dancer takes the name Natasha and enters into a passionate relationship with local vicar's daughter Christine. Later, after a stealthy photographer posts snaps some steamy shots of Natasha and Christine making love and posts them on the internet, the vengeful gangsters stumble across the website and dispatch some ruthless hired guns to rub the Russian dancer out. Now Natasha's time is quickly running out, and the only person willing to help her fight back against the ruthless Russian mob is a fierce-but-sexy Russian policewoman who isn't afraid to fight back against one of the most dangerous criminal organizations on the planet.  Eight years after the third film, the OSS has become the world's top spy agency, while the Spy Kids department has since become defunct. A retired spy Marissa (Jessica Alba) is thrown back into the action along with her stepchildren when a maniacal Timekeeper (Jeremy Piven) attempts to take over the world. In order to save the world, Rebecca (Rowan Blanchard) and Cecil (Mason Cook) must team up with their hated stepmother. Carmen and Juni have since also grown up and will provide gadgets to them. By 1993, Nirvana was in a state of disarray. Having kick-started the grunge phenomenon two years earlier, the band were now keen to return to their roots. On the anniversary of the massacre of a town, a homeless man decides once and for all to seek help. Heading to a homeless shelter, he has an encounter with the men behind the massacre. The Flintstones are at it again. The Flintstones and the Rubbles head for Rock Vegas with Fred hoping to court the lovely Wilma. Nothing will stand in the way of love, except for the conniving Chip Rockefeller who is the playboy born in Baysville but who has made it in the cutthroat town of Rock Vegas. Will Fred win Wilma's love? Four would-be siblings on an outdoor vacation are encouraged to bond by their parents. The four adventurers journey out of bounds into the wild on their ATV's in search of a family relic. They soon find themselves lost in the woods and ill equipped to deal with not only the rugged terrain but each other. This is a story of hope and overcoming, full of humor and fun. Its a coming of age tale not only for kids but for parents as well. Family Susic lives everyday Bosnian story. Father Muhamed (63) is employed in a reputable company; mother Marija (60) is retired. Son Sasa (35), who spent the war in Army of Bosnia and Herzegovina, lives with his parents, while their daughter Senada (40) lives in Slovenia. Their life begins to fall apart because of father's dissatisfaction after his company is sold on the stock exchange, Sasa's negligent attitude towards work and family, Marija's breast cancer diagnose. When problems begin to line up Muhamed and Sasa realize that actually only family is important, that it is man's last oasis Unable to get the police to help, a woman launches her own investigation to save her daughter from a dangerous prostitution ring. Benny certainly wasn't much to look at when he first arrived as a puppy on the doorstep of the pet store. Sam and Emma found him waiting there in a little box when they arrived for work one morning, just staring up at them with those tiny, lovable little eyes, and to this day no one knows where he came from or who brought him there. He's growing up to be the smartest, cutest dog you are ever likely to meet. This is his adventure! Luce and Ulysse love each other. They live a full and happy life managing their own little veterinary clinic on the Atlantic coast. Luce is awaiting a happy event. The future looks good. At least at first sight. But when baby Rose arrives, nothing goes as planned. Luce is out of her depth before the constant crying of her baby. Why does the baby cry so? Is she trying to warn her about something? Could it be that the little family is in danger? Loose collection of individual portraits of the inhabitants of the Isle of Pinos [now Isla de la Juventud], who tell their stories, share ideas and discuss topics such as racism and crime. Rambabu (Venkatesh) is a self-made man and a cable operator in a small village near Vijayanagaram. He has a wife (Meena) and two daughters. His elder daughter's nude shots are secretly captured by an youngster when she attends a nature camp. When he blackmails daughter and mother, he is accidentally killed by them. Rambabu comes to know about the issue and assures that he will save his family against possible imprisonment. Rest of the story is about how he creates a plan, executes it and saves his family. This film follows the recovery of people living and working at the Jersey Shore post Hurricane Sandy as they battle with Insurers, Mortgagors, and Governmental agencies. Their resilience and strength are tested as they learn that picking up the pieces after the storm is more difficult than surviving it. A young girl lives in a van with her little brother & her mom. Tired of the embarrassing situation which was promised to be temporary, she decides to try to fix it all on her own. But how to get the money needed first? One day, the girl comes across a flyer offering a reward for a lost dog. Under the mistaken impression that a house could also really cost just that much, she then plots to do exactly that- with the additional help of her best friend, little brother & some others, they'll find a "missing" spoiled pup, return him & get a new home just in time for her birthday! Or at least, that's the plan.. what could go wrong? Documentary about Chinese theme park Dwarves Kingdom. Ruby Strangelove Young Witch: When Ruby, a young witch discovers her long lost mother was abducted by evil forces she sets out to use all her magical powers to get her back. A teenage girl has two guardians, the angel Ava and the demon Mal who act as her conscience. While these two struggle to keep the stubborn punk girl that can't see them safe they are also figuring out their own differences and preconceptions about each other. Though from India, this tale rings of Western familiarity -- especially of the Old West. When a beautiful courtesan is kidnapped by a burly bandit, the baddie gets far more than he had anticipated; he finds himself falling for her. Unfortunately for the couple, the authorities catch up with him and their short-lived romance ends in tragedy. After the horrific death of his wife and two sons, suicide seems to be the only escape for small town attorney Kent "Mac" McClain... until he's assigned a capital punishment case that begins to transform his life and those around him forever. In a quiet resort town Haapsalu four kids are spending their summer holidays together. Suddenly they are dragged into events that started in the 15th century in the local bishop's stronghold. The children must solve a difficult mystery of a clock robbery and they have to find a treasure that has been lost for centuries and contains a formula of making gold. Ann (Kerry Walker) cleans for a living. She confronts problems like a vacuum cleaner sucks up dirt from the carpet. She shares everything she has with her two moody children (Noah Taylor, Sarah Hooper) and her equally erratic neighbours.  She also shares everything her rich and constantly out-of-town employers have. While Ann vacuums her clients' penthouses, her friends enjoy the million dollar views, luxury appointments, home gyms, cocktails by the pool - the things they have always wanted, but could never in their wildest dreams afford. A recently orphaned 15-year-old who has moved to a small town to live with her uncle befriends a robotic canine with super strength, x-ray vision and the ability to talk and the pair take on a military complex, bullies, kidnappers, romance and the world. TEAM HOT WHEELS: ORIGIN OF AWESOME! - Gage, Wyatt, Brandon and Rhett are four kids who are about to discover that life is better in the fast lane. Ride along with Team Hot Wheels as they race to save their town! Stars George Grant &amp; David Lodge. A professional soccer player from the Tuzos of Pachuca befriends a disabled man while his team prepares to play the FIFA Club World Cup. Mahboba Rawi, founder of Mahboba's Promise, is an Afghan-Australian woman dedicated to help Afghan orphans. Abdul, one of first orphans she saved, is in love with Fatemeh. They want to marry, but Fatemeh's father wants to give her to anyone who offers the largest dowry. Devastated, Abdul is hoping when Mahboba arrives in Kabul, she will help to make his marriage happen. But Fatemeh's father has unexpected demands. He wants 10,000 Australian dollars or a wife for his eldest son to replace Fatemeh in the household. The fate of the couple hangs on Mahboba's ability to negotiate. But she only has one month and limited resources.  From acclaimed director Michael Apted (The Up Series, Masters of Sex, The World is Not Enough) comes a revealing look at the art of filmmaking and photography. A journey of glass, the documentary explores the relationship between the artisans who create camera lenses and the masters of light who use these lenses to capture their beloved art form.  Bending the Light features never-before-seen footage from inside a premier Japanese lens factory, intimate interviews with lens engineers, and a peek into the world of award-winning photographers and cinematographers Stephen Goldblatt, ASC, BSC, Greg Gorman, Simon Bruty, Laura El-Tantawy, and Richard Barnes. Dora, a girl who has spent most of her life exploring the jungle with her parents, now must navigate her most dangerous adventure yet: high school. Always the explorer, Dora quickly finds herself leading Boots (her best friend, a monkey), Diego, and a rag tag group of teens on an adventure to save her parents and solve the impossible mystery behind a lost Inca civilization. "Along the coast of the Bering Sea a community of whale hunters are struggling to survive keeping alive a millenary tradition. Surviving one of the most extreme environments of the planet." The story of three returning World War II veterans, and how they try to cope with returning to civilian life. The story of 11-year-old Silvia whose life at home is consumed by her mother's clinical depression. When no one will take the time to fulfill her dream to visit Rome, she runs away, determined to see it for herself. On a train she meets a Roma girl, Emina, and begins following her through the streets of Rome to her gypsy camp. Make way for the greatest adventure any bunny has ever seen! When Nano s grandfather falls mysteriously ill, the courageous grandson and his best friend Lilly must use a miniaturization machine to shrink down to micro-size and embark on a perilous journey to save him. Nano and Lilly turn to Rappel the Rabbit for help, as he s the only one who can guide the sprite-sized heroes through the confusing maze! With time ticking down, the daring trio must hop to it, and prove that you don t have to be big to be brave! A teenage con artist tricks a desperate mother into hiring her as a live-in companion for her autistic daughter. Journey into the secret world of Pixie Hollow and hear Tinker Bell speak for the very first time as the astonishing story of Disney's most famous fairy is finally revealed in the all-new motion picture "Tinker Bell." A children's movie about John Paul Pope the second. It combines animations, archived material and amature film. It tells the story about his childhood. The story of a trade that is dying out, and the strength of those who view this way of life, passed from father to son for generations and now doomed to disappear, with nostalgia and place their hopes for its survival in someone they would never have imagined. Denisse is 23 years old. She lives in Mexico City. She wants to become a DJ. Laura Esquivel is 19. She was born and raised at a small ranch in Zacatecas known as El Verde. She is goatherd. With Denisse playing music and Laura tending to the goats, it seems improbable that their paths will ever cross, but meeting each other is quite feasible in the world of their thoughts. Set in the North Pennines, an intimate portrait of a year in the life of tenant hill farmers Tom and Kay Hutchinson as they try to breed the perfect sheep. Taylor Mitchell's Physics Professor insists he abandon his 'mythological religious approach' to creation. When an 18-year-old adoptee from the U.S. returns to China to live with her birth family for a summer, this is no mere summer vacation, but a quest to find history, meaning and identity. A new member has joined Eli and the Shane Gang! Junjie, once the protector of the Eastern Caverns, is a master of the slugslinging art of Slug Fu! But even with the power of five slingers, the Shane Gang find themselves in over their heads as they race across The 99 Caverns in search of the Legendary Elemental Slugs. The five Elementals are ancient slugs of great power, and the forbearers of all slugs found in SlugTerra today. In the wrong hands, they could bring Slugterra to the brink of destruction. So when an evil alliance starts hunting down the Elementals, Eli and his friends -- old and new -- take off in pursuit of the greatest threat their world has ever faced! Five ambitious cousins set out on a family reunion during the dead of winter. The purpose of the retreat is to secure their inheritance, a fortune that dates back many generations. Upon their arrival, Uncle Melvin (Keith David) welcomes them with open arms, but warns them to respect their family traditions. During the weekend, as each of the cousins mysteriously disappear, they learn the truth about their family legacy, blood ancestry and the ultimate sacrifice they must make in exchange for their beloved inheritance. Rose Pierce is discontent with her life as the wife of a small town plumber and has visions of becoming a wealthy socialite. Consequently, when her smart aleck son Sammy hears that an electric railroad line is to be built through town, she decides that the family can become rich by purchasing the lots along the right of way. Patriarch George Pierce laughs at the idea, but when Rose and Sammy learn that Cora Stewart, the wealthy town widow, has withdrawn her savings from the bank, they jump to the conclusion that she is interested in buying the lots, and mother and son secretly invest the family bank roll in the land. Broken Record shows two young boys and a girl trying to break a Guinness world record.  Rik Boskamp is tired of being bullied all the time. After he sees a maffia movie, he decides to pretend that his dad is an important - and dangerous! - mob boss. Director and father Angelo Lobo exposes the wide-ranging devastation of the American divorce industry. Mattiesko Wuopio, though innocent, has spent twenty-two years in prison. Upon apprehension of the real criminal, Mattiesko is released, only to find continued harassment everywhere he turns... Summer vacation. Mika is overjoyed to see Windstorm again. But then she discovers strange wounds on the belly of Windstorm, for which no one has an explanation. Yet this is Kaltenbach verge of bankruptcy! With a heavy heart Mika decides to participate in a variety tournament in which beckons a high prize money. But during training affects Windstorm distracted, often he runs away easily. Mika pursued the black stallion until deep into the forest and is quite surprised: From the thicket a seemingly magical gray mare appears and the two horses dance around lovingly. Suddenly, a strange boy named Milan appears, who says the mare had escaped him. He claimed that he could Help Mika to win the tournament. But is there still time to save Kaltenbach? Chronicles the unlikely rise to prominence of the Australia-based Christian band, Hillsong United. A dentist in mid-life-crisis who hates his job, finally decides to break away from his kiasu environment and pursue his long repressed childhood dream...Acting.  In Chile, where European football (i.e., soccer) is the dominant sport, Coach Carlos Zuniga offers at-risk teenage boys a unique opportunity to learn and play American-style football. He struggles through a grueling season trying to balance teaching the unfamiliar game to his players while fighting for recognition and funding from city officials who have no interest in the sport. Madeleine, 92 years old, decides to set the date and conditions of her departure. By telling her daughter Diane and her son Pierre, she hopes to prepare them as gently as possible to her coming disappearance. But for her children, it's a chock, and minds are set ablaze. Until the end, Madeleine will keep her dignity, wits, and passion for life as a course of conduct, so she can give them all, and in particular Diane, a touching "final lesson". Filmmaker Victor Vroegindeweij examines what he - as an atheist- can learn from his friend, the ambitious evangelist Matthew van der Steen (The charismatic pastor of the rapidly growing church "House of Heroes" in Harderwijk and director of TRIN (Touch Reach and Impact The Nations). This is the first time Van der Steen has allowed media in his church and personal life. The Sea Inside is about Spaniard Ramon Sampedro, who fought a 30-year campaign to win the right to end his life with dignity. It is the story of Ramon's relationships with two women: Julia a lawyer who supports his cause, and Rosa, a local woman who wants to convince him that life is worth living. is a 2015 documentary about a girls' soccer team that overcomes all the obstacles to play soccer finally attaining glory in it. It stars local girls of Mugu district of remote Nepal which also lies in a mountainous region Liza is a young Dutch woman who travels to Venice to meet her Italian father Mauro. Mauro has not seen Liza since she was three years old, when he and Liza's mother decided to split up. Mauro has traveled the world since as a musician. When Liza is in Venice it turns out there is more in store than just a couple of days in Venice. He takes Liza on a musical voyage along the route of the Orient Express. A trip that will eventually take them to Istanbul. While Andrea unfolds a labyrinth on the ground of her new home, Fran verifies that his efforts to recover the wisdom of the elder bear fruit and Flo plants a yew surrounded by friends.  They made a strange decision: living in a town. However, they affirm that their posture is something normal. They say that it is the others who take unusual decisions and they are obligated to confront complicated challenges: like staying in a territory when not finding a rental house; like to keep organizing activities when the money the association was waiting for was used to buy designer ashtrays; like not manifestating when the corporations want to do fracking test in their region. A Terrytoons cartoon released 28 December 1934. The Rosvola family - The Robbersons drive around the country in their pirate car robbing bypassing cars of their sweets, extra food and consumer goods. Life changes for the Rosvolas when they accidentally kidnap 10-year-old Vilja, a diligent school girl. Will Vilja succeed in escaping or will she become friends with the Rosvolas' children Hele (12 years) and Kalle (9 years)? We are the Pirates of the Roads is a funny and crazy adventurous road movie for children. The film revolves around Mr. Shastri, a retired Sanskrit professor who in due course suffers with Alzheimer's goes missing while travelling with his daughter .during this time of missing he gets fascinated with a elephant walking on street and goes to stay with the family which owns elephant. The film is inter cut to depict the human side of relationships with social message in end that only care and affection is medicine for Alzheimer's and there is no other cure for the same. Nobue is owner of CD shop 'Reikoudou' in Onomichi. After 3.11, started helping those who evacuated from areas nearer to Fukushima. Through the interviews of musicians and citizens, we gradually get to capture the image of this super local hero! Bo is the only child of rich parents and goes to a private school in Switzerland. When the holiday starts, he is kidnapped and his rich, safe and secluded world is turned upside down. During their long cross-country trip back to the Netherlands to meet the ransom deadline, Bo and his abductor Fred, a gruff lovable loser, forge a strange friendship. Bo discovers in Fred the father that he misses and learns to stand up for himself. Fred is confronted with where he has always been running from and learns to become a father. After losing his twin brother to cancer, Dave Nowick is left to fulfill his brother's parting wish, "Take care of our wrestling club." Coach Dave walks the fine line between winning and personal growth in one of the world's elite sports, finding a new perspective and healing along the way. On May 9, 1986, a small ranching community in Wyoming experiences a divine intervention when a couple detonates a bomb inside a crowded classroom. While we follow the turbulent life and adventures of Aleksa, 13 year orphan, and his best boarding school friends Gordan, Maya and Vlada Grak, we learn that old and greedy villain Jovica Vuk find out that Aleksa is capable of seeing and finding the group of medieval knights called Zlodolci. They are the keepers of silver secret that enables them to protect, heal and revive those who deserve and therefore, they are capable of changing the course of the history. Jovica Vuk who misused the power to heal passed on him by his father, wants to take over their secret and secure himself the immortality. He tricks Aleksa to led him to them, but fortunately, Aleksa see through his plan. But, is it too late? Will Aleksa and his friends, although still kids, prevail in the final clash and defeat the powerful forces of evil? On November 15, 2013, the world came together to grant one 5-year-old leukemia patient his wish to be Batman for a day. "Batkid Begins" looks at why and how this phenomenon took place, becoming one of the biggest "good news" stories of all time. A grandfather is on the brink of bankruptcy and brings his grandchildren back to the community that made nd shaped him, only to find that the place is no longer the same. Jimmy Rabbitte, just a tick out of school, gets a brilliant idea: to put a soul band together in Barrytown, his slum home in north Dublin. First he needs musicians and singers: things slowly start to click when he finds three fine-voiced females virtually in his back yard, a lead singer (Deco) at a wedding, and, responding to his ad, an aging trumpet player, Joey "The Lips" Fagan. An informational documentary that invites you to explore another side of pregnancy and childbirth which is not often shown in the mainstream media. In this documentary we take a look at the Midwifery Model of Care, show and tell what a birth center is and what one can expect with an out of hospital birth experience. We answer the most common questions and address the concerns most people have about out of hospital births. We also discuss C-section, VBAC, ICAN, Interventions, the importance of a proper diet during pregnancy and more. We hear three women share their personal birth stories; In and out of hospital experiences. This documentary is full of good information and is a must see for all women of childbearing age interested in pregnancy and childbirth, regardless of where they choose to give birth. Regina Reynolds is a strong black woman in the truest sense -- but her taste for the good life doesn't necessarily include her husband, Marcus, or her daughter, Monica. It's going to take a mother's unconditional love to pray Regina down to earth. Mixing reflections on aging, mortality and love, Baljit Sangra's documentary, Many Rivers Home, examines the ties that binds South Asian families in a Lower Mainland seniors residence. There is rich human portraiture here, and a depiction of a vibrant ethnic community, but the core of the film is the director's love for her mother. When the girl he likes goes missing, Jake enlists the help of his grandpa and his WWII buddies. A human and artistic adventure for a socio-educational movie approaching several current themes, far from fairy tales, but real unfortunately. Besides the homophobia, which is a defect(tare weight) and a shame in our time, this movie approaches the family tears and its dramatic consequences. All the people can feel concerned and reflect about this scenario punch of Greg Nashvil and Benjamin Karmer, gay people as heterosexuals... Fantasy Family film from S.V Krishna Reddy starring K.V. Satish, Diah Nicolas and Mohan Babu. Super spy and master inventor Agent F.O.X. arrives in Carrot Town with one objective: infiltrate the community of friendly rabbits, locate a mysterious artifact, and return to base immediately. But the mission is turned on its head when the secret agent is discovered... and mistaken for a distant cousin: a long-tailed rabbit. Overwhelmed by their hospitality and friendship, Long Tail is forced to make a difficult choice: abandon his mission or betray his newfound friends. He soon discovers that he is part of a dangerous plot that could threaten the peace between the two animal groups forever. Agent F.O.X. is a high octane animated adventure with lots of laughs, zany action, and a heartwarming story the entire family will enjoy. Kyungcheon is a pianist-in-training who loses his heart and becomes a milk cow. He lives as a man during the day, but becomes a milk cow at night and eats grass. Meanwhile, with the help of wizard Merlin, a satellite named Ilho fell from the cosmos by a supernova, is transformed into a girl. One day, Kyungcheon is attacked by members of a secret agency that chases people who lost their heart. Kyungcheon defeats them with the help of Ilho. Following a narrow escape from secret agents, the two mismatched characters come to know about each other's secrets and draw close. Kids being raised by same-sex couples are growing in numbers worldwide. We are in a Gayby-Boom. But who are these kids? What do they think about having same-sex parents? And do they face different issues to other kids? At a time when the world is debating marriage equality, these questions are more pertinent than ever. Told from the perspective of the kids, Gayby Baby is intimate and sometimes humorous account of four children and their families.  A headstrong young girl in Afghanistan, ruled by the Taliban, disguises herself as a boy in order to provide for her family. A city girl falls for a country boy who follows her to New York, but their romance may be over when she must choose between love and a music career. These senior citizens may each be almost a century young, but for Kara, (94) Maynie (95) and Terri (93) the journey to Las Vegas and the World Hip Hop Dance Championships is just the beginning of a life's journey. And along with twenty-seven other nonagenarians they defy the odds and hip-hop their way into the hearts and minds of thousands of young fans from around the world. Led by their exuberant and 'I must have been mad,' manager Billie Jordan they learn to throw away their wheelchairs and walking sticks and push their bodies and artificial joints to the absolute limits of old age. Through the unrelenting winter in the north of Japan, a small group of workers must brave unusual working conditions to bring to life a 2,000-year-old tradition known as sake. A cinematic documentary, The Birth of Sake is a visually immersive experience of an almost-secret world in which large sacrifices must be made for the survival of a time-honored brew. An abstract exploration of spirituality; goodness and the abyss  Watch here:  https://vimeo.com/251878534 An 11 year old girl searches for a missing rare book from her grandmother's (Holland Taylor) library and tries to understand why her family is fractured the way it is during a memorable summer at an isolated New Mexico adobe. While her mother (Kelly Lynch), like astronaut Michael Collins, goes to the dark side of the moon for a leukemia treatment, Ella must journey on her own to the strange moon of her grandmother's world. Ella's father, (Sean Patrick Flanery) orbits his daughter, as Ella befriends Miguel and Rosie to find acceptance of her mother's fate. Emotional connections are reshaped, and the music of Patrick Neil Doyle helps tell this unusual story. Since its inception in Venezuela in 1976, the El Sistema youth orchestra program has transformed the lives of disadvantaged children worldwide by putting musical instruments in their hands and encouraging them through the mysterious power of music. Following the lives of three participants in the Philadelphia and New York programs, Jamie Berstein's impassioned film introduces Raven, a young violinist with natural talent, yet an overshadowing ego; Zebadiah, who needs the confidence to defeat his social awkwardness; and Mohammed, a trombonist whose falling grades threaten his ability to stay in the program. Amid the tumult of the Arab Spring in Cairo, vendors in a small souk observe the political upheaval while seeking to preserve an ancient tradition of fabric making. Behman Mahmoudi has been known as the first "teenage martyr" in the war between Iran and Iraq. When Iraq's army began the invasion to Khormashahr, he along with people of the city tried to resist. A couple in love interacts across a multitude of environments. Over the top personalities and mayhem ensue in this quirky comedy about on-going sex scandals at Rain's church. There's a new pastor in place, but it's pretty clear from the get go that not everyone is quite ready to move on from the trauma and the drama of the past. When the unemployed miner Sheng digs out a hot spring in his barren land, he suddenly becomes so popular in the village that everyone wants to be friends with him, hoping to get a share of the treasure. Madenn, a young developmentally disabled woman, visits her cousin in Paris after a breakup. This film lets her speak for herself, freely and unreservedly, exploring her dynamic personality filled with dark tendencies and exuberance. One year after Stine's husband died, she reclusive lives with her daughter Stephanie in a suburban villa which falls into disrepair. She encounters the charming craftsman Roger, who makes her an offer right on cue: He consents to carry out repairs as much as necessary, which have to be paid back, only when Stine has the ability to. Instead, he just wants to get a warm meal and an shower at times. Eventually one night. Stine accepts that deal despite she risks her daughter's relationship. Written by Anonymous Disarmingly realistic in its depiction of the realities of frontier life, Heartland is a strong antidote to the cliches of traditional Westerns. This semi-documentary slice of life is based on the diaries of Elmore Randall Stewart about her days on the Wyoming frontier in the early 20th century. It's a strongly feminist statement about a woman raising her small daughter alone and scrapping for a living by working for a shy Scottish rancher. Director Richard Pearce brings an endearing touch to a film that is helped greatly by the dazzling cinematography of Fred Murphy. Conchata Ferrell and Rip Torn star in this small film that substitutes veracity for a high-powered plot. It's the ultimate fairytale musical! Barbie stars as Alexa, a shy princess who discovers a secret door in her kingdom and enters a whimsical land filled with magical creatures and surprises. Inside, Alexa meets Romy and Nori, a mermaid and a fairy, who explain that a spoiled ruler named Malucia is trying to take all the magic in the land. To her surprise, Alexa has magical powers in this world, and her new friends are certain that only she can restore their magic. Discover what happens when Alexa finds the courage to stand up for what's right and learns that the power of friendship is far more precious than magic. Santa is allergic to cats, so he has a policy against delivering them as gifts, but little Tommy has been SO good, and all he wants is one small kitty. Santa says OK, but instead of one, the whole litter climbs into the sack. When Santa has a major allergic reaction, the kittens have to take over and deliver the presents on time. When 12 year old Caleb's father announces that they'll be moving before the start of the new school year, Caleb and his friend Blake hatch a series of adventurous plans to foil Dad's intentions. The fates of horses, and the people who own and command them, are revealed as Black Beauty narrates the circle of his life. When a young man's ideal marriage proposal is put in jeopardy he is forced to dive into unknown waters to salvage his plans... Torn apart by the loss of her mother, young Amanda spends time at a ranch owned by a business tycoon. When his spoiled daughter rejects their new horse, Amanda proves that Misty is a true champion and restores her happiness in the process. The classic tale of a man's dream, his epic journey, and one true love. The world is closing in on Greta Driscoll. On the cusp of turning fifteen she can't bear to leave her childhood, it contains all the things that give her comfort in this incomprehensible new world. She floats in a bubble of loserdom with her only friend Elliott, until her parents throw her a surprise 15th birthday party and she's flung into a parallel place; a world that's weirdly erotic, a little bit violent and thoroughly ludicrous - only there can she find herself. World War II soldier-turned-U.S. Marshal Teddy Daniels investigates the disappearance of a patient from a hospital for the criminally insane, but his efforts are compromised by his troubling visions and also by a mysterious doctor. Desperation, love, sacrifice and a new beginning. A legendary Canadian jazz drummer Aubrey Dale saw his career sidetracked by systemic Lupus and Diabetes, and then derailed entirely by non-reversible kidney failure. With no suitable donor in a database, Aubrey was saved by his wife Julie who donated one of her kidneys to give her husband a new lease on life. Is it fun to be panda? May be... But not for Misha whose job is to work as a panda during birthday parties. In The Fine Line , the world's best skiers, snowboarders and snowmobilers join leading avalanche professionals to present a new movement in avalanche education. This project, which features one main film and four training films, combines the thrill of winter action sports with important information about avalanche safety. This is the story of Angelica, a 17 year-old girl who's battling a rare kind of cancer called Myelodysplastic Syndrome, her struggles to try to live a normal life, and her hopes of finding her first true love before it's too late. It is a hundred years since Charlie Chaplin,artist nonpareil,appeared on the silver screen mesmerizing audiences across the globe.His signature mustache and derby hat have left their indelible imprint on the annals of film history.Buddha and Chaplin smile is a film that pays homage to Chaplin at the centennial commemoration of his acting career.The film portrays an Indian comedian Indraguptan,who idolized Chaplin.He believes his life resembles Chaplin and nurtures the desire to depict his hero on the big screen.However,he rules out a blind imitation of the late legend.The narrative revolves around his comic wisdom and quest for true love.The dilemma that ensues is the crux of the story. Jack Carter, a man constantly living in a state of regret, takes his technology-obsessed family, including their lovable dog Buster, on a Christmas vacation to the mountains in the hopes of reconnecting with them. While on vacation, Jack and his family run into an estranged, uber-competitive friend of Jack's, who now lives the life of luxury Jack pines for. Through a series of juvenile competitions, Jack realizes that the love of his family is more rewarding than anything money could buy.  A documentary that chronicles the life of South African leader Nelson Mandela. Mandela is probably best known for his 27 years of imprisonment, and for bringing an end to apartheid. But this film also sheds light on the little-known early period of Mandela's life. Emma, a high school student, is up to her ears in failures and with domestic problems. When Emma fails the year and gets a new schoolmate Taja, she becomes lively and strats playing truant. Parents jointly set her one condition. She should take up an activity that will fill up her time. While wondering about an activity like that, she beholds a poster that invites to an audition for school television. She decides to give it a try. The creation of programmes, socializing with peers who have goals, new sympathies emerge simultaneously with the world of competitiveness and jealousy. Will she get around in the world she didn't know before? Based on the true life story of California gymnast Ariana Berlin. As she zoned in on her Olympic goals, 14 year old Ariana Berlin's life took a sharp turn when she was involved in a debilitating car accident. Gaining her confidence and movement back through learning hip hop dance, she unexpectedly found herself called back to the gymnastics world thanks to world renowned UCLA Coach Valorie Kondos Field. With Val's help, Ariana was eventually able to secure a spot on the UCLA gymnastics team and win an NCAA championship, a lifelong goal that she had always dreamed of. This is a wonderfully inspiring story of persistence, confidence, and the heart and courage to make a somewhat impossible comeback in life. A man and woman, skeptical about romance, nonetheless fall in love and are wed, but their lack of confidence in the opposite sex haunts their marriage. When a rebellious teen is arrested and sentenced to an equine therapy camp, she forms a connection with a spirited thoroughbred that she helps train with the guidance of the ranch's no-nonsense owner. Vennila Veedu is a 2014 Tamil film directed by Vetri Mahalingam. The film stars Senthil, Vijayalakshmi, Pandi and VJ Settai Senthil in lead roles. Nigar (Zubeyde Ronahi) is not accustomed to living in the big city of Istanbul and longs to return to her village in Southeastern Turkey from where she was supposedly forced to leave after the incidents of ethnic clashes in 90s. Her son Ali (Feyyaz Duman), on the other hand, has pretty much settled in the city and works ironically as a teacher of Turkish language as a Kurd. Will Nigar be able to convince Ali to take her back to their village?  - Written by bennikov A record-breaking competitive runner begins to stretch the limits of the Matrix. Part of the Animatrix collection of animated shorts set in the Matrix universe. Veggie pals Laura Carrot and Junior Asparagus have a big job to do...save their beloved Celery Park from being destroyed! All hope of saving the park seems lost until the group remembers that God forgives without question, so why can't they do the same? Will the band reunite to save Celery Park? Find out in this groovy, music-filled VeggieTales adventure.  - Written by Anonymous Spoiled 21-year-old Luce Lockhart faces a tough decision when a handsome new friend asks her to help protect a dog park from her wealthy employer. Nick cannot stop obsessing over his ex-girlfriend, Tris, until Tris' friend Norah suddenly shows interest in him at a club. Thus beings an odd night filled with ups and downs as the two keep running into Tris and her new boyfriend while searching for Norah's drunken friend, Caroline, with help from Nick's band mates. As the night winds down, the two have to figure out what they want from each other. Your favorite animals are back for an all-new family adventure! Join Maurice, the beloved penguin-tiger, and the Jungle Bunch on their exciting quest for hidden pirate treasure! Hold on to your seats, because the wacky treasure hunt includes all sorts of new adventures and silly surprises, including booby traps, a village of crazy rabbits, and a mysterious "Yellow Dragon." Can the Jungle Bunch outsmart Captain Grubby Beard, his evil gang of Pirates, and an outrageous heap of obstacles to find the precious hidden treasure? Sinterklaas and his Pieten are on their way to the Netherlands, on their new ship Pakjesboot 13. However, the ship is way too heavily loaded and sinks in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean. The Sint and his Pieten scurry of to a deserted island and luckily all manage to reach it alive. But, how will they now reach the Netherlands...? A police officer must clear his son's name in the murder of a beautiful woman amidst the exciting and erotic world of heavy metal night clubs. REAL BOY is the coming-of-age story of Bennett Wallace, a transgender teenager on a journey to find his voice-as a musician, a friend, a son, and a man. As he navigates the ups and downs of young adulthood, Bennett works to gain the love and support of his mother, who has deep misgivings about her child's transition. Along the way, he forges a powerful friendship with his idol, Joe Stevens, a celebrated transgender musician with his own demons to fight.  Lane Speer is a 16 year old girl who spends her family vacations camping in the mountains. She takes the memories for granted until she loses her father to an unexpected bout with cancer. Only a year later, as Lane is still reeling from her father's death, he mother remarries a guy that Lane hardly knows. Worst of all, he is a Mormon. To top it off, while they are on their honeymoon, they arrange to have her stay with her Mormon step-aunt who takes her away to a bible-themed girls camp with a bunch of young Mormon girls. Confronted with memories of camping with her family, she tries to find peace with her new surroundings and deal with the death of her father.  Faced with the challenges presented by her daily routine, Ramona tries to take refuge in the relationship that unites her to her daughter and granddaughter. Two cousins from a close-knit rural community have opposing plans to develop their homeland on South Africa's Wild Coast. Following the journey of an Evangelical minister trying to find the courage to preach about the growing toll of gun violence in America. Reverend Rob Schenck, anti-abortion activist and fixture on the political far right, breaks with orthodoxy by questioning whether being pro-gun is consistent with being pro-life. In order to save some kids who are about to die in a fire, Bibi, the daughter of a prestigious witch, manages to trigger a heavy rain with her powers. The head of all witches gives her an award called "Crystal Ball", reserved for older girls. German adventure film very much in line of Harry Potter, but in female version. Kirk is enjoying the annual Christmas party extravaganza thrown by his sister until he realizes he needs to help out Christian, his brother-in-law who has a bad case of the bah-humbugs. A road trip with your best friends - the ultimate way to spend your holidays! That's certainly what Bobby, Shannon, and the gang thought when they set off on an adventure of a lifetime. But when their truck breaks down in the middle of night, in the middle of nowhere without phone signal, they have no option to but to seek refuge in a creepy old mansion. Welcomed to spend the night by the brother and sister who live alone in the old house - very strange things begin to occur! As the local cops don't seem to want to help and are equally as odd as the gang's brother and sister hosts - the five friends have to keep their wits and sanity about them and hatch an ingenious plan, as the road-trip adventure rapidly turns into whirlwind of spooks and crazy mysterious goings-on. A magical musical adventure about Annabell Olsson and her quest for the wizard who turned himself into a glass of lemonade and drank himself. 700 years later, it appears that the enchantment is about to be broken... A tale of a vulnerable, unsuspecting woman on a trail of rebuilding her shattered life. In 1975, a seven-months pregnant Vietnamese refugee, Giap, escapes Saigon in a boat and, within weeks, finds herself working on an assembly line in Seymour, Indiana. 35 years later, her aspiring filmmaker son, Tony, decides to document her final day of work at the last ironing board factory in America. Two young kids dream about being professional baseball players. Ayane is the daughter of a karaage (fried food) store owner, but she never liked karaage. Eventually, she left home, only to return 5 years later. Her family lives in the city of Usa in Oita Prefecture, Japan. She brings with her a young girl named Shirley, who is her step-daughter from her ex-husband. In EVOL (love spelled backwards), the audience is voyeur, peering into the delirious and erotic dreams of a young man (Oursler). We drift with him through anecdotes that poke fun at the disparity between the culturally accepted stereotypes of sex and love we are taught as children and the realities we discover in adult life. Marin is a young French woman living in New York City finds herself disconnected from her body, boyfriend and family. During a tumultuous weekend, highlighted by chance encounters with a stranger and an ex-boyfriend, she starts to find her voice. Pros and cons of private life going public After losing his best friend Charlie on Christmas Eve, Bobby Whiteside ventures out onto the lake where they played games of winter hockey. Upon shoveling the ice surface he discovers a magic, perfectly groomed hockey rink that appears only at night in his presence. When a development company starts purchasing lake frontage, Bobby joins forces with his high school crush to rally the town to play one last game on the night pond. A boy rises to the occasion with his best friend (a lovable talking dog) to save his home and family. Midori is a struggling wedding photographer in Kona, Hawaii. Her small world in thrown off balance when Seiko, her judgmental sister comes to visit from Japan.  As the sisters travel the island together the reason for Seiko's visit gradually becomes and old grudges and mistrust begin to surface.  'Midori in Hawaii' is a small, breezy comedy that explores the nature of memory and the lifelong relationship between siblings. Short film by Peter Kubelka.  Arnulf Rainer contorts his mind and body before the camera. Mirabelle and her traveling family band, the Veggietones, are determined to make their next gig at Vegtable Square Garden. On their journey, a fierce winter snowstorm hits, and the family gets stuck at a run-down resort! Mr. Beet, the grumpy manager makes me sing - and clean - for their supper. Why is Mr. Beet such a beast? And can Mirabelle's kindness change him? Find out in this hilarious and heartwarming tale of unconditional love! Set in the 1960s Brooklyn among a conservative Syrian Jewish community, Extra Innings tells the tale of a young baseball enthusiast, David Sabah, and his trials through family dismay and loss. Penny is plunged into an upside-down world in search of a father she's never met, only to discover a dark secret that will change her life forever. This documentary explores the universe of one of the last muleteer families in Colombia and follows the lives and mule train of two brothers, one forced by the illness of their mother to now live in the city, the other still living in their mountain house, as they get together for an epic mule driving journey to the highest peaks of the Andes. The title means inside the mountain and is a metaphor of today's rural life in Colombia. Harry will do anything to be a musician, but it takes a junk collector to discover his hidden talents. This movie tells the life story of announcer, Gene Okerlund from his humble beginnings to his raise as a famous household name in the world of professional wrestling.  "A Christmas Carol" turns into "A Christmas Corral" as the animals of Woodsley's Farm help Oliver and his little sister June stage the classic tale to shock their Dad into embracing the spirit of the holidays. A romantic comedy centered on Dexter and Emma, who first meet during their graduation in 1988 and proceed to keep in touch regularly. The film follows what they do on July 15 annually, usually doing something together. A comedy about a family that's crazy for Christmas. Except for the 16-year-old daughter -- her family's over-the-top Christmas celebrations have made her life miserable. When her long distance boyfriend decides to visit for the holidays, she's determined to spare him her family's Christmas obsession, so she hires actors to play her parents and stages a fake Christmas dinner in the empty house next door. What could go wrong? Top Cat has arrived to charm his way into your hearts! Ever wonder how this scheming feline got his start? Well Top Cat Begins reveals the origins of everything you know and love about this classic comedy hero. What follows is an adventure so crazy that it has to be seen to be believed! in Lake Hiawatha, New Jersey before 70+ fans: Alicia b Rick Cataldo w/Vinny G from VTG Enterprises to retain the WSU Women's title, Alicia b Nikki Roxx to retain the WSU Women's title, The Soul Sisters (Latasha and Jana w/Missy Hyatt) b Della'Morte and Taylor Nicole w/Liz Savage, Alexa Thatcher b Alere Little Feather, Satan's Sisters (Amy Lee and Luna Vachon) b The Diva Killaz (Kayla Sparks and Miss Deville w/Liz Savage) - Notes: After the match, Amy Lee and Luna Vachon proclaimed themselves as the unofficial WSU Tag Team Champions and asked for real competition, putting out an open challenge. Step into the ring with one of America's greatest legends...and stand a couple of rounds with greatness! "Pulling no punches" (LA Daily News), Jon Favreau (Swingers) and OscarA(r) winner* George C. Scott give TKO performances in this outstanding biography of the only undefeated world heavyweight champion in the history of boxing! In the small blue-collar town of Brockton, Massachusetts, young Rocky Marciano (Favreau) turns to the ring as his ticket out. Training twice as hard and twice as long as anyone else, he pounds his way to victory and his reputation quickly spreads as "the guy to beat." But behind the gloves Rocky is unhappy with his gift and he's thinking of retiring. So, with the fate of his career hanging in the balance, he finds a way to unleash his thunder againthis time against his biggest hero: Joe Louis! Shocking picture. In Marseille, in 2012, Julia and Auriane, two young students, stand up to anti-gay marriage and adoption protesters, and offer a snapshot which soon became a reference in terms of anti-discrimination civic action. Opposite them, homophobia which pretends not to be one, taking advantage of the equal right movement to parade shamelessly. Between progressive bill and new homophobia, we delve into an image that bears witness of the state of the relationship between France and homosexuality. Shipped off to her American dad's ranch for the summer, a teen and her horse Lucky Lad compete for a spot at the National Youth Rodeo. An exploration of the life and music of Miles Davis. A harsh TV personality, Jennifer, needs a break from her own life, so she hops into a car and drives to a small town mountain retreat. On her way there a blizzard veers off the road and she crashes. When she comes to she has complete amnesia and a friendly passerby takes her in. As time passes she still doesn't remember who she is and the friendly passerby, a widower himself with three kids, assimilates her into his family. But as she slowly starts remembering who she is, she prefers the new life she's built in the small town. Patrice and Corrine are two sexy, confident women with great relationships, but they've got it all wrong when it comes to love. Before they drive their men crazy, they've got some tough lessons to learn about trust and fidelity, if they hope to make love last. For 30 years, Bishop Fred Jones and his family have performed on the southern gospel circuit, largely unseen by those outside the Pentecostal faith. When the Bishop, despite objections from many within his faith, decided to take his family's musical ministry outside the church, he unexpectedly connected with the oddest of allies - a jaded, atheistic rock critic, who also happened to be a gospel historian. To Michael Corcoran, the Jones Family Singers represent a living link to a style of gospel he thought had disappeared. These most unlikely of friends bonded through perhaps their one shared trait -- a deeply rooted rebelliousness. Surveys the rise to wealth and power by industrial giants with references to Morgan, Carnegie, Rockefeller, Stanford, and Vanderbilt. Shows the growth of monopoly and the emergence of trusts. Suggests the role fraud and corruption played in the establishment of monopolies. Amidst the vast sugar plantations of Negros in Southern Philippines, a matriarch lies in the throes of death. Her children rush home to confront the crisis as news of the impending death of their well-loved mother spreads among the community. There, in their ancestral house, the siblings are forced to deal with the issues of inheritance, tradition and the family legacy. It is a familiar tale. After all, every family has its story. And to each one, its own deserved secrets. Follows a year in the life of an alternative high school that has radically changed its approach to disciplining its students, becoming a promising model for how to break the cycles of poverty, violence and disease that affect families. The wonders of nature are viewed from the backyards of communities across the nation. With help from a guardian angel, a spoiled rich, very material teenage girl learns that true value is found in assisting others and not in material things. A young man sets out on a dangerous quest for a magical bird with the power to heal any ailment. They may seem like an ordinary group of people from the small town of Bear Valley, but after they risk their lives to perform heroic rescues in the rugged Sierra Mountains, it is obvious that these courageous people make up a very special team. Paul Raymond builds a porn, entertainment and real estate empire that makes him the wealthiest man in Britain, but drugs doom his beloved daughter, Debbie. This short documentary tells the story of Marie Wilcox, the last fluent speaker of the Wukchumni language and the dictionary she created in an effort to keep her language alive. Many middle school students focus on their everyday anxieties unaware of the impending end of the world, until an Army staff sergeant announces a campus lockdown at an emergency assembly. BELLE is inspired by the true story of Dido Elizabeth Belle, the illegitimate mixed race daughter of a Royal Navy Admiral. Raised by her aristocratic great-uncle Lord Mansfield and his wife, Belle's lineage affords her certain privileges, yet the color of her skin prevents her from fully participating in the traditions of her social standing. Left to wonder if she will ever find love, Belle falls for an idealistic young vicar's son bent on change who, with her help, shapes Lord Mansfield's role as Lord Chief Justice to end slavery in England Wide Open Sky follows the heart-warming story of an outback Australian children's choir. Chronicling their journey from auditions to end-of-year concert, the trials of trying to run a children's choir in a remote and disadvantaged region are revealed. Here, sport is king and music education is non-existent. Despite this, choir mistress Michelle has high expectations. She wants to teach the children contemporary, original, demanding music. It becomes clear for the children to believe in themselves, they all need someone who believes in them. Set against a landscape of devastating beauty, Wide Open Sky is a moving portrait of the fragile world of possibility that is childhood and reminds us why no child, anywhere, should grow up without music. Caring for an autistic adult can be seen as an act of faith. It is unpredictable. A regular interaction can lead to a violent lashing-out. However, due to its lack of exposition and its pure form of observation, the film captures something even more profound: life as a collection of failure, pain, and tragedy as felt by its protagonist, Chen Hung-tung, a father who cares with extraordinary patience for his autistic son Li-fu. Documentary - What's the secret to a happy marriage?  That's the question my new husband and I set out to answer when we started making a documentary.  Through the process I hoped that we would find the key to our own marital bliss...  Things didn't go exactly according to plan...  Kate Schermerhorn Wes is awakened in the middle of the night by an unexpected phone call. It's Alison, the girl who could have been, who is flying home to Tokyo in the morning and wants to come by for a night of reminiscing before she goes. Stomp is a rhythmic, musical extravaganza that has stunned audiences across the globe. If you weren't lucky enough to catch them in your hometown (or you did and you crave more), now there's Stomp Out Loud, a special HBO performance that will bring the unusual musical feats right into your living room. You might just find yourself grabbing a broom or even your remote control to keep time. "It's comedy, it's theater, it's very physical, it's energetic, it's occasionally quite terrifying," says one performer. Taking their show from the theater to the streets, this astonishing troupe can make music out of just about anything and just about anywhere. --Dana Van Nest When his mother disappears one autumn, a thirteen-year-old boy leaves his younger sister with his grandfather and  goes on a journey in search of his mother. COMIX is a feature documentary on comic books, the comic book world, and the phenomenon surrounding them. It is told through the thoughts and images of some of the greatest talent in the comic book industry like Stan Lee, Frank Miller, Neal Adams, Mark Waid, Marc Silvestri, and John Romita Jr., among many others. COMIX also has tons of interviews with the fans, many in full costumes, as they share their love for the art form, and who have made comics the phenomenon that it is today. In the small town of Boone, North Carolina, Jonathan Caviness has a meaningful life complete with close friends and a fulfilling career. Yet something is still missing. With an unexpected phone call from Jonathan's high school sweetheart, Elizabeth Stratford steps back into his life. He travels back to his home town Jena, Louisiana to visit her, giving him a glimpse of what it is he might have been missing. But the burning question is, 'Why is she back after all these years?' Along one day, powerful Argentine Federal Judge Alberto Franccioni receives at his house different people from his inner circle asking for advice and council, typing their lives and grouping in power. In order to catch a basketball from the favorite team of his girlfriend's spoiled son, Fred poses as a numb, wheelchair-bound fan. But when he catches the ball, he also catches the attention of young, attractive filmmaker Denise, who wants to feature an invalid fan in an image film for the team. Fred has to keep playing his role, while real invalid and really furious fan Ronny might call his bluff at any moment. Worse, still, love sets in... The film is an adaptation of a story in Chinese mythology (in particular, the epic fantasy novel Fengshen Bang) about the warrior deity Nezha, who became a student of the immortal Taiyi Zhenren. The main part of the story revolves around Nezha's feud with Ao Guang, the Dragon King of the Eastern Sea, whom he angers through the killing of Ao Bing, Ao Guang's third son. Through bravery and wit, Nezha finally breaks into the Dragon King's underwater palace and successfully defeats him. Wile E. Coyote suspends his chase with the Road Runner to explain to two young boys watching him on TV why he wants to catch the speedy bird. Max's troubled past sparked by the abandonment by his father Tony creates a deep-rooted hunger for success that fuels him down a dark and ruthless path in the glitzy world of the Los Angeles nightclub industry.  Gellert Grindelwald has escaped imprisonment and has begun gathering followers to his cause--elevating wizards above all non-magical beings. The only one capable of putting a stop to him is the wizard he once called his closest friend, Albus Dumbledore. However, Dumbledore will need to seek help from the wizard who had thwarted Grindelwald once before, his former student Newt Scamander, who agrees to help, unaware of the dangers that lie ahead. Lines are drawn as love and loyalty are tested, even among the truest friends and family, in an increasingly divided wizarding world. A feel-good, heart-warming film set in Yorkshire in 1977 about an adolescent boy's big summer after leaving school. It's about a boy and a dog, class and ambition, first love, and above all, family. An orphan boy of mixed race finds family with the newly arrived white village doctor in Hawaii. The boy can run like the wind, and begins bringing Doc's medicine to coffee pickers throughout the mountainous region. On an errand, the medicine runner meets the daughter of the plantation owner and a forbidden, young love blossoms like the white "Kona Snow" of the surrounding coffee trees. Several characters realize their personal way to build their own identity from the choice of genre. Transsexual, transgender, crossdressing - the defining of terminologies different ways of looking at yourself are constantly rising, portraying a universe of possibilities, expanding the boundaries of the possible and permitted. Lamb, based on the novel by Bonnie Nadzam, traces the self-discovery of David Lamb in the weeks following the disintegration of his marriage and the death of his father. Hoping to regain some faith in his own goodness, he turns his attention to Tommie, an awkward and unpopular eleven-year-old girl. Lamb is convinced that he can help her avoid a destiny of apathy and emptiness, and takes Tommie for a road trip from Chicago to the Rockies, planning to initiate her into the beauty of the mountain wilderness. The journey shakes them in ways neither expects. FBI informant Jim Hoffman lures troubled automobile magnate John DeLorean to an undercover sting for cocaine trafficking. A father and his son. Sky and earth. A camera and something very hard to film: faith. On a university scholarship, a good natured student from the midwest gets a crash course in city life while dealing with three evil roommates. He befriends a virtually homeless college student whom he falls for, but she's dating a nasty professor. A touching story of an Italian book seller of Jewish ancestry who lives in his own little fairy tale. His creative and happy life would come to an abrupt halt when his entire family is deported to a concentration camp during World War II. While locked up he tries to convince his son that the whole thing is just a game. When the Weatherman puts on his boots it gets frosty, when he puts on his scarf it gets windy, and when he puts on his hat it gets warm. The problem is, the Weatherman's lost his umbrella. Without an umbrella, there will be no more rain. Aneesa wants to give her baby sister, Serena, the best wedding present ever. So, when they discover that they have two long-lost sisters, the search is on to find them before Serena's big day. But if they do, will these two women be able to forgive their estranged mother and come together for a sister they never knew existed? A boy must brave deep winter snow to obtain an important family keepsake. Before he can even start this difficult journey he must first help his family survive financial ruin, rescue his beloved pet goat, and with his best friend, outwit a bratty bully who seems out to get him at every turn. Will he make it back to the village in time to celebrate the end-of-winter holiday of Chalandamarz?  Teenage slacker, Tim Edge (HARRY JARVIS) gets more than he bargained for when he convinces his two best friends (ELLA-RAE SMITH and ALHAJI FOFANA) to skip a school trip.  After stumbling into the laboratory of mad scientist "Lena Eidelhorn" (SIOBHAN REDMOND) they learn of The Vitalitron, Lena's latest invention which predicts the time of death of any living creature. An unwitting subject in Lena's experiment, Tim discovers he only has two hours left to live.  Without time on his side, Tim and his mates create a bucket list that will cram a lifetime into the next two hours.  An unusual film about the environment in families with autistic children, which reveals the day-to-day challenge of life with them. Tom, the filmmaker, receives a letter from South Africa. His long forgotten 95-year old grandmother Mariann, asks him to come and help her with her will. Tom sets off to South Africa and decides to bring his camera. This starts a journey for the filmmaker and his grandmother, looking back at her life and trying to understand his own. Out of Love encapsulates the sweltering and devastating dynamics of love in the turbulent relationship between Varya and Nikolai, where genuine love and hope contend with destruction and despair. It's 'Footloose' meets 'Mean Girls' as high school freshman Bloom moves to a town where there's no place to dance - except the school dance team! But when the boyfriend of the team's lead girl falls for her, she'll have to fight to win her place amongst these venomous girls. Breaking Legs is sure one to kick your boots off and pull up your heels, as these kids dance the field away to compete for the homecoming crown at R. Murray High School. Will it be newbie Bloom, or her arch nemesis and Dance Team leader, Harmony? Watch as the two square off in this fun but odd match to the finish. Someone is doomed to 'Break a Leg' on the dance floor, or rather, the football field! Patty and Eric Purtle visit their Grandfather for Christmas. After accidentally breaking a clock in his workshop, they then find themselves repeating Christmas Eve. together they must fix time and make Christmas enjoyable for their family. January 2011 in Egypt was marked by anti-government demonstrations. While tens of thousands of protesters gathered in Cairo, poor villagers in the country's south followed the tense situation on Tahrir Square on their TV screens and in the daily newspapers. It is from their perspective that this documentary captures the political changes in Egypt, from the toppling of President Mubarak to the election of Mohamed Morsi. The famous five George, Julian, Dick, Anne and Timmy the dog are spending holidays together. But when they are invited by Berhard, father of Julian, Dick and Anne, to visit an egyptian exhibition they see a burglar. They have a look at the mummy the burglar was tempering with to find a golden amulet. The famous five decide to visit Egypt to hand over the amulet. When arriving in Egypt Bernhard is arrested because he's asserted he stole the amulet and replaced it with a fake. Now its up to the young detectives to solve the case and prove their fathers innocence. A lovelorn single father has his life turned upside down when a new-age yogi mysteriously shows up in his kitchen and takes him on a journey of self-discovery. As One traces the journey of ten children with Autism and their special families as they struggle and triumph with Autism in the United Arab Emirates. Sand City is a 2015 Malayalam language Indian romantic thriller film directed by Shankar Panicker starring Prajin, Gautham Krishna, Thanishka, Varuna Shetty, Vinod Kumar, Jaise Jose, Jijesh Menon and himself. Get ready for a battle of the ages when the Justice League faces off against its archenemies, the Legion of Doom, in an all-new movie from DC Comics. A mysterious being known as the Time Trapper arises, and a sinister plan led by Lex Luthor sends the Legion of Doom back in time to eliminate Superman, Wonder Woman and Batman before they become super heroes. For Aquaman, Flash and Cyborg, along with teen super heroes Karate Kid and Dawnstar, the stakes have never been higher, the rescue mission never deadlier. So join the fight for the future as the Justice League confronts its ultimate challenge... the threat of having never existed! 'Olmo and the Seagull' is a poetic and existential dive into an actress's mind during the nine months of her pregnancy as she must confront her most fiery inner demons while trying to rewrite a new philosophy of life, identity and love. Underlying this hybrid film is mounting tension over what is real and what is enacted when one is performing one's own life. The story about the founders of the famous "Yugoslav Basketball School" and the first gold medal at the Championships in Ljubljana in 1970, is based on real events and is dedicated to personalities who have contributed to the emergence and development of basketball in their country. A love story of Joy and Ethan, Filipino workers based in Hong Kong. Ethan, a bartender, is keen on romantically pursuing Joy, a domestic helper who is wholly dedicated to providing for her family. In a post-apocalyptic world where half the population is dead or missing and the sky is full of autonomous drones, a 16-year-old boy named Kitch sets out to find his father, joined by DR1, his drone companion. John Martin is a government agent working under cover. Leading citizen Morgan calls in gunman Galt who blows Martin's cover.  They are seekers, madmen, and angels hell-bent on riding across America on a bicycle in less than ten days. But what begins as the adventure of a lifetime is transformed in an instant when tragedy strikes the race. These voyagers discover what is truly at stake as they pedal on, praying for the deliverance only the finish line can bring. By journey's end, some are saved, others are lost, but all learn that the fuel that takes a soul toward its own true destiny is desire. Pirates of Sale is a character-based observational documentary which opens up the magical world of Morocco's first professional circus through the compelling stories of four young performers. We follow their tough journey of transformation as they learn to live independently, challenge conventions, and embrace a totally alien concept: creative freedom. This is a film about being young in a place with few opportunities and daring to dream. Allie, a veterinarian in Evergreen, reluctantly will spend Christmas with her long-distance boyfriend. Bound for the airport, she has engine trouble, and Ryan, headed to Florida with his daughter Zoe, stops to help. Sure they won't meet again, they ignore their attraction, and part ways. At the diner, Zoe wishes on a snow globe, and a storm seems to grant her wish. A group of kids find classified information from NASA and an object from another Planet and work to get it back to its rightful owners. While her mother is away on business, a young girl home alone with her older brother witnesses her neighbor's kidnapping. But no one believes her--not her brother, not the cops. So she takes matters into her own hands putting her life at risk to save her neighbor. Dongchul, who is managing a small bar, is always enthusiastic about his school reunions. One day, Yujin, who has never showed up to a reunion, shows up at his bar. Her baby face and vitality make her unlike other married women and all the men fall for her, especially Dongchul. They start a relationship but it abruptly flames out due to the sudden arrival of Dongchul's wife. As they get to know each other's secrets, will their love be allowed to grow? It seems that football is still the most important thing in Koko's life and the upcoming encounter between the infamous "Pirates" and Koko's team "Green Hill" the central event of the season. Zlatko is still spending every second reading books and scolding Koko for being immature. To prove him wrong, Koko tells him that he is unhappily in love with Ana, a mysterious girl as magical as the heroines from Zlatko's novels. Koko's mischievous sister Marica, secretive friend Ema and insolent Melita have their own band - Koko's team will go to a concert, as will the girls go to their football games. We will find out whether the boys are really that interested in music and the girls in football in Love or Death - the new film from the Koko serial. Natasha Yurchenko used to live in a small village before developers decided to rebuild the area. Her family resisted the developments and they are now trapped between the high-rise buildings. She wants to fight for her home but conflicts surface in the family. How far will she go defending their home? A film portrait of 5 years of life of one (extra)ordinary family in the current Ukraine. A family secret. A father-son journey. The mystery of a lifetime. The other side of the world. And a chance to change everything...  When Blitzen announces his retirement on December 21st, a miniature horse has 3 days to fulfill his lifelong dream of earning a spot on Santa's team at the North Pole try-outs. Jessica Cox was born without arms as a result of a birth defect, but managed to overcome many physical and emotional challenges to become fully independent. She learned to type with her toes, drive a car with her feet, and amazingly -- fly an airplane with her feet. Right Footed follows Jessica as she transforms from a motivational speaker to a mentor, and eventually into a leading advocate for people with disability. Lost in the Bewilderness is a feature-length documentary about the filmmaker's cousin Lucas, kidnapped at age five from his native Greece, and found on the eve of his 16th birthday in the US. This story of international parental abduction, filmed for over twenty years, chronicles Lucas's journey of growth and self-discovery, and culminates with Lucas becoming a father himself.  Lost in the Bewilderness is not only a detective story but also a lyrical meditation on childhood, lost and found, and an exploration of how the themes of ancient Greek myth and tragedy, with the family at their center, are still very much alive in the modern world. From very different backgrounds, the two women bond over their shared love for their families. As the women grow closer, Maria reveals her concern for her precocious, but lonely daughter Bella, who she fears is being bullied at school. At Anna's urging, her teenage daughter Emily takes Bella under her wings. Maria's husband, Hector, loses his job, and his ability to provide for his family. He falls into despair as he's unable to find work, and turns back to drinking. When he finds Maria at the Sparrow's house, he assumes she is cleaning houses. His pride overcomes him and demands she leave with him. Anna agrees to watch Bella as Maria leaves with Hector, hoping to reason with him, make him understand how much she loves him, and that she knows he is always there for his family.  As they weigh the impact on young Bella, Anna and Mike face one of the most important decisions of their lives. "The Young &amp; The Wrestlers" is a Documentary following a group of Canberrans who share a common hobby: Professional Wrestling!  The feature length film will document a six month period as the members of the Pro Wrestling Alliance deal with their lives and each other in the lead up to the biggest show of the year 'Clash in the Capital.' In America, everyone has a family story of immigration. Every family, at some point, has had somebody leave their native country behind to search for a better life. How did they hold onto their identity? How did they adapt to their new life? Every family has a special story. In my case, it's my Chinese-American story. My father would always tell us his story about walking for 7 days and 6 nights, before swimming for 4 hours to Macau to escape communism in 1966. His story would fall on my deaf ears until I returned to China with him. Twelve-year-old Bo is a talented but hot-tempered kick boxer. However, Bo is distracted by her fighting parents who are in the middle of a divorce. Bo needs to learn how to control her emotions and at the same time accept the fact she can't control everything. For the past two years, Ryan and Amy Green have been working on That Dragon, Cancer, a videogame about their son Joel's fight against that disease. Following the family through the creation of the game and the day-to-day realities of Joel's treatment, David Osit and Malika Zouhali-Worrall create a moving testament to the joy and heartbreak of raising a terminally ill child. A story of horse traders, of butchers. A story of prejudices and discrimination, integration and revenges. Accepting diversity strengthens one's cultural heritage and personal history. 'I Am Me' tells the story of 24 year old Charlie, a young man with a learning disability and autism. Despite being deaf Sang-kuk never forgets to smile while he makes furniture. Kyung-hee can't hear either but with her natural beauty and outgoing personality, she enjoys her job at a sign language interpretation center. Between them they have hearing daughter Bora who is a director and a son named Kwang-hee. When, after moving eight times since marriage, Sang-kuk wants to move one more time, Kyung-hee opposes him. In filming the silent world of her parents, the director discovers new stories coming from herself, who grew up moving back and forth between two worlds-one of silence and the other of sound. Max and Tikkelotje own an unsuccessful theatre company. When Tikkelotje notices Ramon - the faithful companion to Saint Nicholas - playing the guitar and singing, she decides to kidnap both him and Slechtweervandaag, Saint Nicholas's trusty steed. Saint Nicholas is devastated, but eventually he pulls himself together and goes around the houses to collect the children's wishlists. An adventure involving assorted people then ensues as he tried to beat the clock to rescue the hapless pair. During a financial shortcoming, A boy and his friends try to raise money  to prevent his bicycle (Elizabeth) from being pawned off. During one fateful weekend, the family of brilliant astrophysicist Albert James has a complete meltdown, setting in motion a raucous and hilarious series of events that mirror his radical theories of the behavior of the universe. Gokanosho is a collection of villages in rural Japan. With only 350 residents, the region faces depopulation and is at risk of fading away.  Blending family values and life lessons with music and dance, JK's House entertains while teaching kids important life lessons about such topics as being thankful, patience, manners, caring, sharing, family focused and much more. What do real estate tycoon Donald Trump and the Heinz Tomato Ketchup dynasty have in common? Their ancestors come from Kallstadt, a small, quiet winegrowing village in the German Palatinate region. This powerful entrepreneurial spirit must be part of the genetic make-up! Director Simone Wendel-also from Kallstadt-explores the issue in depth. This experimental documentary contrasts the daily life of a nanny in buzzing Berlin with the tranquil existence of a group of pensioners in provincial Poland. A reflection on female biographies that draws a line between the beginning of life and its end. Bird, a smart level-headed tween, and her immature stoner mom gracelessly navigate the arrival of Bird's first period, which she gets on the last day of school... in front of the entire class. Inspired by the first girl he ever loved, Eric Chaney's magnetic debut film introduces us to Mark and Christina, a girl as mysterious as she is candid, as aloof as she is available. In one pastoral hometown summer, they spiral around one another in a universe of coincident deaths and disappearances, falling slowly into and away from love. A rural drama about the rivalry between two villages as seen through the eyes of a young boy, Kitti. A rebellious teen is sentenced to serve time on his uncle's organic farm, only to learn that there's much more to the farm than meets the eye. A quiet young boy struggling with the loss of his parents and the broken relationship with his older sister, finds comfort in the friendship of a giant that lives in the forest near his home. The United States. Today. A freight train crosses the landscape like a giant steel snake. To catch this train, you have to wait for nightfall so you're not seen. Because it's illegal. I'm doing it to follow some hobos* (*vagabonds). They're women, on their own, and they've chosen a life of travel, with no particular destination in mind.  Amid the noise of the iron horse, they adopt me as a traveling companion and tell their stories to my camera. I try to grasp what their ultimate quest is. They're stronger than men, stronger than society. They are free.  With the discovery of an ancient puzzle box, a Boy, with the help of his friends, begins an adventure to find his fortune. On New York's rapidly gentrifying Lower East Side sits the Streit's Matzo factory. When its doors opened in 1925, it sat at the heart of the nation's largest Jewish immigrant community. Austin (Aaron Mees) is a rising high school football star, who has his life all mapped out, until his coach (Mike Setzer) makes a decision that forces him to change the course of his life. Austin finds himself in a new home, a new school, with a new set of friends and a whole bunch of problems. Just when it seems the world has Austin down for the count, he gets up, shakes off the world, and forever changes his destiny. Timid milkman, Burleigh Sullivan (Lloyd), somehow knocks out a boxing champ in a brawl. The fighter's manager decides to build up the milkman's reputation in a series of fixed fights and then have the champ beat him to regain his title. Lonely toymaker Geppetto has his wishes answered when the Blue Fairy arrives to bring his wooden puppet Pinocchio to life. Before becoming a real boy, however, Pinocchio must prove he's worthy as he sets off on an adventure with his whistling sidekick and conscience, Jiminy Cricket. Nothing captures the spirit of music like live performances, and this volume of the acclaimed Most Famous Hits series features funk master James Brown in concert, showcasing hits such as "Papa's Got a Brand New Bag." Brown also turns in showstopping performances of "It's Too Funky in Here," "Prisoner of Love," "Georgia on My Mind" and, of course, "I Got You (I Feel Good)," reminding us why James Brown is the Godfather of Soul. Totol opens the chest without his grandfather's permission in order to learn its secret but can't answer the chest's questions and Mr. Wolf learns the hidden location of the goats. Totol begins a long journey in order to find his mother and save the goats. In the prehistoric past, Keda, a young and inexperienced hunter, struggles to return home after being separated from his tribe when bison hunting goes awry. On his way back he will find an unexpected ally. A militant performance-artist and a tall Korean foreign-exchange student become trapped in a small Southern town. An esteemed piano tuner and repairer, Jacobo leads an apparently happy life with his wife, Helena. His serene existence is thrown into a state of confusion when insomnia creeps in, and pianos that previously repaired miraculously overnight remain unfixed. Jacobo plunges into paranoia and madness, hearing noises during the night and having ephemeral visions of a stranger roaming the house in a dressing gown. Helena reassuringly denies anything out of the ordinary, and suspiciously insists he is hallucinating. Is the life we think safe and secure true, or is there a second reality lurking? THE MOST IMPORTANT THING IN LIFE IS NOT BEING DEAD is a tale of betrayal and forgiveness in a rich musical universe, set against the Franco era, a period of political deceit and distorted reality in Spain. Playfully, the tragicomedy questions our perception of reality and the vulnerability of our human condition. Sarah, raised in New York, visits Malaysia for the first time and learns why her grandfather, Gen, and mother, Sophia, have not seen each other since she was born, and why they care so much about their cultural traditions. GAI SHANXI AND HER SISTERS tells the story of one woman's brutal ordeal as a "comfort woman" for the Japanese Army during World War II. Hou Dong-E, known as "Gai Shanxi," the fairest woman in China's Shanxi province, was one of the many women abducted from their villages to be sexually enslaved by Japanese soldiers stationed nearby. Fifty years later, she joined other women throughout Asia to seek justice and reparations, but she died before her demands were answered. When Christy discovers her 10-year-old daughter Anna has a rare, incurable disease, she becomes a ferocious advocate for her daughter's healing as she searches for a solution. After Anna has a freak accident and falls three stories, a miracle unfolds in the wake of her dramatic rescue that leaves medical specialists mystified, her family restored and their community inspired. Russell, an undersized but big-hearted terrier, dreams of having a family of his own. After running away from his pet store, Russell gets taken in by The Ferraros, who discover their new pet pooch has incredible wrestling skills. Keet &amp; Koen are street artists and entertainers in a theme park. In this family movie their mission is to search for missing clown Bassie and acrobat Adriaan. Bassie &amp; Adriaan are very well known among the young and old and have received an award for their great merit as people rescuers. Their eternal enemy, the old Baron, wants to prevent this of course and he commands his cousin 'Jonkheer' to abduct Bassie &amp; Adriaan. Keet &amp; Koen prove to be full successors to Bassie &amp; Adriaan as they proceed into the exciting search for the famous duo that has been kidnapped. Gustav and his friend Gratass have to save their farm from evil bureaucrats who are trying to close it down. Tom, an over-worked husband and father, abandons his dead-end job to follow his dream of owning his own business. The only problem: he invested everything in a mechanic shop that has a lien in favor of his arch enemy and must now enter a dirt track race to win the prize money and save his family from ruin. IN MY FATHER'S HOUSE explores identity and legacy in the African-American family, as Grammy award-winning rapper Che 'Rhymefest' Smith and his long-lost father reconnect and try to build a new future in Chicago's turbulent South Side. Himself a child of a broken home, Che hasn't seen his father, Brian, in over 20 years, and presumes him dead. But after buying his father's childhood home, Che sets out to find him, and learns that his is now a homeless alcoholic living only several blocks away/ The film offers a probing take on memory and identity in a family two generations removed from slavery as it tracks Che and Brian's shared journey to create a new legacy for themselves, their community and the next generation of family. The Addams family's lives begin to unravel when they face-off against a treacherous, greedy crafty reality-TV host while also preparing for their extended family to arrive for a major celebration. When Cho loses her husband Ying and her family business in a massive typhoon, she is devastated.Then the villagers begin receiving mail from Ying. Is he really dead? Veteran Illustrator and Bluegrass Musician John Holder returns to the village he grew up, Badwell Ash in Mid-Suffolk, England; reconnecting with family and friends from the past and encountering stories of growing up and growing old in Suffolk.  Having left the village to pursue a formal education at Cambridge School of Art at just 16, and begin a life and career that would see him travel all over the world; performing with and meeting his Bluegrass Heroes - the likes of Bill Monroe, Hank Williams, Dolly Parton. Old Suffolk Boys provides an insight into an area of Eastern England, as well as a man who is returning to his roots - entrenched with pickup trucks, a dash of conservative politics and a deep-rooted love of country music, that will surely resonate with audiences. 'Through My Lens' tells the story of students producing their first films on democracy and human rights. Students all around Turkey set out to make their films in the small cities they live in. While making their films they tackle many obstacles. First, between themselves, they need to agree on what democracy really is. Later, they need to tackle countless obstacles to finalize their films. When they finally finish their films, they realize the reward is much bigger than they expected.  For the first time ever Rico has a friend coming over for a sleepover! After weeks of not seeing each other, Rico and Oskar are reunited again and start their adventure with the weekly bingo at the retirement home. But although Tanja even wins two handbags Oskar seems suspiciously grumpy and Tanja oddly sad. On top of things Oskar's dad leaves a bag in front of the door because he needs some distance from his son. So much heart affliction is too much for Rico! This film takes place during the winter of last year when there was a nationwide slaughter of livestock to put a stop to the foot-and-mouth disease. Filmmaker Yun witnesses hundreds of pigs buried alive in a neighborhood farm. She suddenly realizes that she has never seen a pig before, and decides to follow its life closely. Yun goes deep into the mountains to meet a pig farmer who raises his pigs in a traditional way. Observing the daily routines of the mother pig Ship-soon and her piglet Don-soo, Yun discovers new facts she has never known before. As she develops a bond with the lovely pigs and acknowledges another side of the farm and meat industry, it becomes more difficult for her to enjoy pork cutlets as she used to. And to make matters worse, her husband and young son, Do-young, are not making her choice of daily menus easier. As she falls into a deep dilemma, what is she supposed to do? Her awareness about eating meat begins to penetrate her every day. A frustrated radio DJ takes to the streets of Manhattan during the Republican National Convention after the FCC has slapped his station with $1 million in indecency fines, and popular radio personality Joe Pace (Josh Hamilton) isn't going down without a fight. As the streets fill with restless republicans, angry protestors, and other colorful characters, Joe arms himself with a wireless microphone and a portable transmitter in order to get the opinions of the average person on the street. 12-year-old Ryan moves to the town where her father was born--a bleak, dying fishing town. However, exploring the coast, she discovers a cove that is home to a mysterious girl named Coral who reveals herself to be a mermaid. Follow students enrolled in a Juilliard music and mentoring program targeting students underrepresented in the performing arts. Admission is based on potential, willingness and desire to learn, love for music and a certain drive. A 9 year old boy experiences God's power in a supernatural way. Indrajit is a UK based scholar. While working to preserve historical documents he find a parchment from which he learns about treasures hidden in an old palace in Simulgarh, a village of West Bengal. Indrajit comes to the village, finds out the treasure, but, a local goon Gagan Sapui accuses him of robbery, beats him up and expels him out of the village. Sapui wants to melt those coins to make new jewellery. After being beaten up, Indrajit goes to forest near the village where he meets Chhayamoy, a benevolent ghost. After listening the incidence from Indrajit, Chhayamoy decides to teach him a lesson. Juanicas is an intimate portrait of a Mexican immigrant family in Quebec affected by mental illness. Using material shot over almost 10 years, the filmmaker documents her complex relationship with her mother and brother, both suffering from bipolar disorder. In the late 1970s, Cockney crime boss Harold Shand, a gangster trying to become a legitimate property mogul, has big plans to get the American Mafia to bankroll his transformation of a derelict area of London into the possible venue for a future Olympic Games. However, a series of bombings targets his empire on the very weekend the Americans are in town. Shand is convinced there is a traitor in his organization, and sets out to eliminate the rat in typically ruthless fashion. Mukundais an upcoming Telugu film written &amp; directed by Srikanth Addala. The film was produced by Tagore Madhu and Nallamalapu Srinivas (Bujji) under the banner Leo Productions. It features Varun Tej and Pooja Hegde in the lead roles, the former making his debut in Telugu cinema The story of 13 Real deaf children and their heroism, passion and humanity. A sea turtle who was hatched in 1959 spends the next 50 years traveling the world while it is being changed by global warming. Born on a Baja, California beach in 1959, new hatchling Sammy must do what his fellow newborn sea turtles are doing: race across the beach to the ocean before they are captured by a seagull or crab. Thus begins Sammy's incredible fifty-year ocean journey. Along the way he meets his best friend, a fellow turtle named Ray, and overcomes obstacles both natural and man-made while trying to fulfill his dream of travelling around the world. Throughout his voyage, Sammy never forgets about Shelly - the turtle he saved on his first day and loves passionately from afar. Based on the actual trajectory of a sea turtle's life, the film illustrates the dangers humans pose to the species' survival. The film combines entertainment with an important environmental message. Jill and Joy (both 9) live in their own house like any other little girls, except that they might be a little happier than most little girls, as they get to live in their own house specifically designed for the two. One December evening a small car, barely the size of a shoebox, pulls up in front their house, and a teensy-weensy family gets out; it's the McTiny family. The family has become homeless after a road roller smashed their home. Planning to live with the girls temporarily, the family moves in with Jill and Joy but soon finds out that not all big people have good intentions towards them. Jill and Joy's Winter is based on a beloved book by the same name, written by a Finnish writer named Marjatta Kurenniemi. Hedi is the new neighbor of Iva, who raises her daughter Sofia by herself. The two women start a relationship and Iva is desperately in love with Hedi. Suddenly Iva's father appears. Hedi feels strongly attracted to him. It seems that only one world exists for Hedi. Her own. The Shorts and the Talls just can't see eye to eye until a mediating fairy arrives to help them make ends meet. In 2010, the city of Leitchfield, Kentucky decided to outlaw any and all references to Santa Claus for Christmas, in an attempt to de-commercialize the holiday. The events that happened leading up to Christmas are still under investigation. The evidence, discovered in 2017, has been pieced together with news footage, security footage, police footage and City Counsel footage Highlighting environmental, architectural, water, energy and agricultural issues, this film captures individuals, communities, and organizations from all over the world - exploring solutions to the changes concerning sustainability. It is 1915 in an Armenian village in Anatolia. Bedo and Maryam return from their secret dovecote only to find an empty house and a ghost village. The children embark on a journey to search for their mother, along with their bird 'Bacik.' A wolf, deprived of meat by war rationing and starving, sees an article in the newspaper about a sheepdog leaving his flock to join the army and thinks it will be easy pickings. However, if he had read the rest of the article first, he would have known that the flock is now guarded by the ram, "Killer Diller," a formidable foe. When the straightforward approach doesn't work, the wolf dresses as an attractive lady sheep, which immediately lures the amorous ram. The hapless wolf's attempt to club the ram, however, fails when he whacks an overhanging branch instead. He escapes, to another tree that conveniently has a safe hanging in it; it drops on the ram, but he emerges unscathed. Next is an anti-aircraft gun, but the ram hauls the disguised wolf inside. The panicked wolf runs for hours, finally tearing off his disguise in desperation "I'm a wolf!" "So am I!" Documentary about a tourism entrepreneur and his family who hates him. At a time in the United States when the tech sector outpaces the overall growth of the employment market, CODE asks the important question: Where are all the women? When a beloved dog day care comes under threat of closure, it's loyal guests and owners must work together to save their haven. A world-travelling ghost hunter mysteriously disappears, leaving everything to his niece, who accidentally releases a horde of angry spirits, imprisoned in liquor bottles, during her Fourth-of-July party. Toby is a smaller than average dog who dreams of leading Santa's sleigh. After sneaking on to his sleigh one night, he's accidentally left behind and finds himself joining forces with two kids to find his way back to the North Pole. In 1863, Mississippi farmer Newt Knight serves as a medic for the Confederate Army. Opposed to slavery, Knight would rather help the wounded than fight the Union. After his nephew dies in battle, Newt returns home to Jones County to safeguard his family but is soon branded an outlaw deserter. Forced to flee, he finds refuge with a group of runaway slaves hiding out in the swamps. Forging an alliance with the slaves and other farmers, Knight leads a rebellion that would forever change history. One hundred years of Hindi cinema is celebrated in four short stories showcasing the power of film. TRIP ALONG EXODUS is a feature-length documentary exploring the last 70 years of Palestinian politics seen through the prism of the life of Dr Elias Shoufani, a leader of the Palestinian Liberation Organization, an academic writer and leftist intellectual who worked with Fateh (but was one of the leaders of the opposition to Arafat) for 20 years. He is also the father of the filmmaker and writer, Hind. The film follows a man with an unwanted gift for healing who meets a teenager with cancer who helps him to find himself. Jack Crabb, looking back from extreme old age, tells of his life being raised by Indians and fighting with General Custer. Family show Errol goes to a convention with his pal, but upon his return tells his wife he was on a deer hunting trip, and then lapses into amnesia. Film featuring the music of Hari Charan &amp; Archana Ravi, Saindhavi, Nivas and more! The Club of St. Nicholas is surprised when Amerigo, the horse of St. Nicholas, can suddenly talk. They want to discover how this is possible, but before they can find out how this has happened, villain Jef Vandenaere steals the horse. He is hoping to win a talent contest with it. But St. Nicholas' eve can't continue without Amerigo! Will the Club, with the help of Stijn, succeed in finding the horse back on time? And can St. Nicholas' eve still be celebrated this year? Kornel is a twelve year old boy who is looking for treasure buried by his grandfather during WWII. A social climber charms a debutante, seduces a factory worker and commits murder. SWIM TEAM chronicles the overwhelming struggles and extraordinary triumphs of 3 young athletes with autism and shows how a swim team can bring hope to a community. A stuffy businessman finds himself trapped inside the body of his family's cat. Pianist David Helfgott, driven by his father and teachers, has a breakdown. Years later he returns to the piano, to popular if not critical acclaim. Chaldean Voices- Iraqi youth, formerly persecuted, seek peace, opportunity, and democracy in El Cajon, California. Evicted from his squat and suddenly alone on the streets, George is a man without a home. Struggling with his demons and desperately trying to connect with the daughter he abandoned, he navigates the system, hustling for change and somewhere safe and quiet to gather his thoughts. But the streets are relentless and soon, George finds himself teetering on the edge, alone and abandoned. A chronicle of Frieda Caplan's rise from being the first woman entrepreneur on the L.A. Wholesale Produce Market in the 1960s, to transforming American cuisine by introducing over 200 exotic fruits and vegetables to U.S. supermarkets. Still an inspiration at 91, Frieda's daughters and granddaughter carry on the business legacy. The sleepy little town Valleby is getting ready for the cafe owners Dino Panini's and Sara Bernard's wedding, and our popular young detectives Lasse and Maja stand ready to ensure that nothing will go wrong. But when the wedding couple's respective relatives arrive, they prove to belong to rival mafia families. Chloe, a troubled teen, meets other troubled girls and must come to grips with her Christian faith at a camp where she must earn her way out. When a huge blizzard (that doesn't show signs of stopping) hits, Gracetown is completely snowed in. But even though it's cold outside, things are heating up inside, proving that Christmas is magical when it comes to love. The story of television news correspondent Betty Rollin and her battle with breast cancer, and how her subsequent mastectomy changed her marriage, her philosophy and her entire life. After discovering a dark window which appears on the wall every midnight two boys decide to investigate the mystery of a dark room behind the window. The true story of Harvey Milk, the first openly gay man ever elected to public office. In San Francisco in the late 1970s, Harvey Milk becomes an activist for gay rights and inspires others to join him in his fight for equal rights that should be available to all Americans. Can You Dig This explores the urban gardening revolution currently taking place in South Central Los Angeles, one of the largest food deserts in the country. We follow the inspirational personal journeys of five 'gangster gardeners,' all planting the seeds for a better life. Yogi Roth never wanted to say 'I wish I'd spent more time with my Dad.' After realizing he had not dealt with the emotion stemming from his father's battle with prostate cancer, Yogi invites his Dad on a walk along the Camino de Santiago that would change their lives forever. Buried deep beneath the earth for a hundred years Jonathan had to sacrifice his own soul and become a vampire in order to find his true love. Meanwhile, a beautiful young woman, Victoria, wakes from recurring dreams of a time when she was in love. It is clear that Victoria is Jonathan's true love and when they finally meet, they realize that their souls are forever intertwined. Victoria finds herself caught between her immortal love and her mortal ties. Jonathan has made the ultimate sacrifice for her - his own mortality. Will she now do the same for him?  Molly Monster is going to have a sibling soon, but his good friend Edison is a little bit jealous and worried she might forget about him. When Molly's parents have to travel to the Island where monster parents hatch their eggs, Molly is not allowed to go because she is too young, nonetheless she decides to reach them on her own as soon as she realizes they missed to bring her sibling's gift with them. After overhearing a shocking secret, precocious orphan Lyra Belacqua trades her carefree existence roaming the halls of Jordan College for an otherworldly adventure in the far North, unaware that it's part of her destiny. Two kids and their trusty dog, Barkley (Jon Lovitz), stumble across a treasure map while playing in an abandoned ranger station. They set out on the adventure of a lifetime in search of a forgotten gold mine, but things take a turn for the worst when they come across a pair of bumbling crooks hiding out from the police. Irineo had lived in Cochabamba since he was 10 years old. He moved there with his parents from Alota, a small town in the highlands where they grow quinua. The international quinua boom led Irineo to return to his home town 20 years later, with his wife and children, in search for a better life that the city was unable to give him. In Alota Don Lucio is waiting for them; he is Irineo's grandfather and the leader of the community, who never left his home town, but who has watched how the population has gradually moved out from the town to different metropolitan areas. Now Alota looks forward to a future of economic prosperity, which threatens to destabilize the everyday life of the community, as mass marketers move in to commercialize a product that only yesterday was a basic foodstuff closely linked to the Pachamama. Canterlot High meets its rival school, Crystal Prep Academy, in a competition that's a long-standing tradition - The Friendship Games. Sunset Shimmer is tasked with keeping magic out of the games to avoid the appearance of impropriety while she and her friends compete against Crystal Prep's top students led by someone with an equal amount of interest in Equestrian magic - this world's TWILIGHT SPARKLE. The mad and evil scientist, Dr. Clayton Forrester, has created an evil little scheme that is bound to give him world global domination but first things first. He plans to torment Mike Nelson and the robots by sending them a real stinker of a film to watch called, "This Island Earth." He is convinced that this movie will drive them insane. Will this be the ultimate cheese that breaks the boys' spirits? After being estranged since her mother's death in the 9/11 attacks, both daughter and father must work together to re-establish their relationship. When the difficulty nearly consumes them both, a bond with a beautiful horse that has also gone through its own tragic loss brings Taylor Sims, back to what is important - family, friendship and faith. With help from the community and from above, they repair the pieces of their lives and learn to stop running, forever. In 1946, a resolute young woman struggles with her faith while searching for answers after a series of painful events. El Jeremias is a heartwarming comedy film about family love and the hard choices that come with opportunity. Set in Sonora Mexico, the film tells the story of Jeremias (Martin Castro) an eight year old who finds out he is a gifted child and initiates a journey of self discovery. When an opportunistic physiologist makes contact with Jeremias, a new world of experiences open up to him but at the expense of being away from the family he loves. Jeremias must choose between this exciting but lonely new world he finds himself in or returning home to his loving family. Tchinda is one of most beloved women in Cape Verde, especially after she came out as a transgender person in the local newspaper in 1998. Since then, her name has become the term used by locals to name queer Cape Verdeans. Vilde (12) wants to be the first female 'Halling' folk dance champion. A traditional dance for men only. Her greatest challenge isn't the competition - she's convinced that her strength and passion for dance and life are helping her beloved grandfather to win his fight against cancer. New film about the events at Fatima Paddington, now happily settled with the Browns, picks up a series of odd jobs to buy the perfect present for his Aunt Lucy, but it is stolen. When Zeus (Mario Lopez) accidentally destroys an important party, he gets sent to obedience school at the worst time! A trio of bumbling burglars is planning a heist. Can Zeus save the day? A 7-year-old girl befriends a teacup pig named Arlo, voiced by Drake Bell. A woman bears a 13 year grudge with her father over the traditional dance he was performing that caused him to be absent from her mother's death, until they reconnect over the very same dance. Telly Paretta is a grieving mother struggling to cope with the loss of her 8-year-old son. She is stunned when her psychiatrist reveals that she has created eight years of memories about a son she never had. But when she meets a man who has had a similar experience, Telly embarks on a search to prove her son's existence, and her sanity. In 2013, Russian President Vladimir Putin passed a bill forbidding the "promotion of nontraditional sexual relations to minors." LGBT youth, now defenseless against insults and intimidation under this "gay propaganda" law, are considered sick, sinful and abnormal. Psychologists, teachers and even parents can be fined or imprisoned for supporting them. Forty-five Russian teens and tweens share their stories through anonymous interviews and video diaries. They detail their humiliations and discriminations, as well as their courageous stands against bullies. Their testimonies are collected online as the Children 404 project, named after the common "error 404 - page not found" web message. The support group's founder struggles within the system to bring public attention and empathy to the victims of this government-endorsed hate, while activist Pasha decides he must leave his homeland altogether if he hopes to find a boyfriend and lead a normal life. Has a new Stone Age arrived in Russia? El Canto del Colibri is a story of Latino fathers dealing with issues of immigration, faith, marriage equality, machismo, culture, and the process of their LGBTQ children coming out. Film with a soundtrack featuring Debojit, Zubeen Garg &amp; Hanonta and more! From Executive Producer Hisao Kurosawa (Dreams, Ran) comes the untold story of one of the world's greatest women artists and why her name nearly was lost to history.  Many Beautiful Things plunges viewers into the complex age of Victorian England to meet Lilias Trotter, a daring young woman who defied all norms by winning the favor of England's top art critic, John Ruskin.  In an era when women were thought incapable of producing high art, Ruskin promised that her work could be "immortal."  But with her legacy on the line, Lilias made a stunning decision that bids us to question the limits of sacrifice.  As Lilias journeys to French Algeria in the late 1800s to pioneer work with women and children, viewers are left to wonder, "Could you abandon a dream to pursue your true calling?"  Featuring the voices of Michelle Dockery (Downton Abbey) and John Rhys-Davies (Lord of the Rings, Indiana Jones).  Lakshmi Raave Maa Intiki, one expected a hat trick of sorts. About 30 minutes after a breezy start, the director makes A young lady, who recently lost her mother, faces the challenges of high school and her very strict step-father. Through personal growth, and an amazing dedication to dance, she learns to find the peace and happiness of family. At a place called Boldogzsher, in the mountains of Hungary, lives an extraordinary family that has little to do with our realities. Itsvan and Reka are an artist couple with 5 children, which are all so unique characters that everything they do seems like a new life lesson. They actually live as in the past, its history may be taken from any fairy tale of 300 years ago, full of songs and rituals, live without electricity, practice sword and bow, and their 5 children do not attend school . Their goal: to be creators of a more real life. Their strategy: to escape from reality. During another tumultuous Thanksgiving holiday, one family suffers a tragedy: loss of all cell phone reception throughout the house. The sudden media blackout forces the clan to face all their crises head-on--and uncover a few ugly truths along the way. New Zealand-born Margot Nash scrutinises the memories and mementoes of her childhood to understand the unhappiness of her parents, and the corrosive instability of the household from which she fled as a young woman in the early 70s. Join Apollo 11 on its historic journey. The film seamlessly blends mission audio featuring conversations among Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin and Michael Collins with new footage, NASA archive and stunning CGI to recreate the first moon landing. This is a documentary done by a group of 2nd year students at the Bethel School of Supernatural Ministry. The documentary focused on God's heart to provide for His children. This is achieved through teaching and testimonies. Tired of being overlooked for bigger roles, a struggling dwarf actor sets out to be cast as the Tin Man in Martin Scorsese's remake of The Wizard of Oz. When he loses his way on a country road and is bitten by an animal, Maybury stumbles across a strange house where an extravagant dinner is taking place. At the heart of this film are two extraordinary characters. It is a mystery how director Hillel Rate managed to persuade them to let the camera so close, to invite the filming crew into their home and share their most private moments. Moshe Mishuris, a 37-year-old lonely Ashkenazi Jew came from Russia with his elderly father, and now they live together in one tiny apartment. Their main source of income is donations from the audience of their YouTube channel, where they talk about Judaism in Russian. Moshe is single, he had proposed to different women twice, but it didn't work out. When he goes to the matchmaker and it's hard to tell whether he is hoping to get together with someone or is fearing it. The most unexpected thing is that the film is open-ended. The director leaves Moshe perplexed, but not alone because in any case he stays with his father, a man who is almost a saint and dedicated his entire life to his faith. Follows the journey of a 90-year-old atheist and the quirky characters that inhabit his off-the-map desert town. He finds himself at the precipice of life, thrust into a journey of self-exploration. About a fictional village in Iran and two candidates that are competing for people's votes in a local election. To get to her Harvard admissions interview, a bright 17-year-old girl is forced to hitch a ride with her twin sister, who is headed to a beauty pageant. Their road trip takes a serious detour when they come into possession of a stolen jewel. In another typical Jean-Paul Belmondo vehicle, the French action hero plays a policeman prone to advancing the cause of justice by any means necessary. On his agenda is a powerful drug cartel working out of Paris and Marseilles, with a drug lord (Henry Silva) who is essentially inaccessible -- but not immortal. Stunts (performed by Belmondo) and chase scenes on land and water enliven the story, but the scenes with Belmondo's love interest are rather marginal themselves. Cathy's birthday's on 29th February, which is an impossible day as it is, because it's a leap day. Then her dad comes up with the bright idea of giving her a duck egg to hatch for her tenth birthday. The chick appears when Cathy and her best friend Margot are watching, and the chick thinks Margot is its mummy. But Margot is bound to a wheelchair and will soon have to go to a special home.  Unable to look after the duckling on her own, her parents decide to ged rid of it... Cathy and Margot end up in an adventure which teaches them a lot about how to rescue a migratory bird, but even more about themselves. Sympathetic look loosely based on the relationship between tobacco heiress, Doris Duke (1912-1993) - think Duke University - and her shy butler, Bernard Lafferty. The icy and mercurial Duke fires her butler for serving a chilled cantaloupe; the agency sends Lafferty, formerly household staff to Liz Taylor and to Peggy Lee. He's an alcoholic, fresh out of rehab. He gradually becomes Duke's gay alter ego as she romps through life sleeping with young men, making shrewd decisions quickly, managing her fortune and orchids as Lafferty manages her New Jersey estate. With a wine cellar to die for, Bernard falls off the wagon. Can he pull himself together when Doris needs him? Loserville follows a dorky high school outcast named Chuck as he navigates the wild and confusing days of his senior year. Chuck must face the challenges that he and friends are growing apart; that his mother has decided to date a much younger man who just happens to be the school's gym teacher; and that his dream girl the brilliant, beautiful and popular Melissa Mercer barely acknowledges his existence. His plan to capture Melissa's heart once and for all by befriending her younger sister, Mary, is complicated by the fact that a viral video of Mary is the talk of the school. Featuring an ensemble of funny, flawed, and lovable characters who collide in a romantic, comic cocktail that turns every teen stereotype you think you know on its head.  A female mutt called "Perla" (Pearl) is abandoned by her owner on the top of the San Cristobal hill, in the capital city of Santiago, Chile. Without knowing what to do, soon Perla is part of the huge amount of street city dogs. Until the day she meets Samuel, a troubled man, and they both start the way of mutual recovery. After the death of her husband Bernarda Alba puts her daughters under a rigurous mourning which does not even allow them to leave the house. A hugely successful DA goes into private practice after sending a man to the chair -- only to find out later he was innocent. Now the drunken attorney only seems to represent criminals and low lifes.  Can a boy in love win over his beloved's heart and change her views on love and commitment? Businessman Bhaskaran Pillai builds a large commercial empire until his wife dies. Under pressure from his son, Bhaskaran goes on a trip where he meets Hima, a small-business owner.  A road trip from Karachi to Lahore where 5 friends discover themselves and the country amidst getting to their destination. Born under the Christmas Star, Noelle believes she has the gift to perform miracles, so when conniving developer McKerrod threatens her peaceful life she and her friends determine to use this gift to thwart his plans and save their village. Josje, a primary school teacher, is a secret super hero saving animals: Superteacher. When animals of a zoo are in danger she has to choose: rescue them or run. Tracy and his rescue dog Charger have to foil the plans of an Evil Businessman who wants to knock over their beach restaurant in order to build his golf course. With help from his brother, Tracy tries to meet the bills, manage the kitchen (where Charger helps cook!) and still find time to fall in love with the beautiful dancer, Bridgette. Through a comedy of errors and mishaps, the humans find they themselves can be rescued by their very own rescue animals. An ex-felon discovers a live baby left in a dumpster. In the middle of a routine patrol, officer Daniel Carter happens upon a blood-soaked figure limping down a deserted stretch of road. He rushes the young man to a nearby rural hospital staffed by a skeleton crew, only to discover that patients and personnel are transforming into something inhuman. As the horror intensifies, Carter leads the other survivors on a hellish voyage into the subterranean depths of the hospital in a desperate bid to end the nightmare before it's too late. Three little pigs, Melanie, Danny, and Bobby, are best friends and longing for adventure. One day they find a treasure map which could lead them to the mysterious magic lamp unlocking the mystery and secrets of the forest. Along the way in their quest the pigs encounter the original owners of the treasure map, the evil wolves who want it back. Everyone knows that whoever holds the magic lamp can rule the forest so it is a race for the pigs to use their courage, brains and heart to find the lamp and save their school in this adventure of good versus evil. A 1989 Telugu drama film produced by Vijaya Durga Cine Creations banner. Durell and LeeJohn are best friends and bumbling petty criminals. When told they have one week to pay a $17,000 debt or Durell will lose his son, they come up with a desperate scheme to rob their neighborhood church. Instead, they end up spending the night in the presence of the Lord and are forced to deal with much more than they bargained for. Just three days out from their wedding day, Jess and Max are ready to call it quits from the out-of-control planning. They visit Billie, the owner of a wedding donation company, specializing in donating leftover wedding elements to those in need. However when Max's brother Charlie will stop at nothing to keep them together, he enlists the help of Billie to ensure this meant-to-be couple gets hitched once and for all. The movie is about how the Youth of America born to Immigrants in America leads their life. The perspective of the second generation of American about America. Adventure - Young Danny Johnson (Elliott Mihm) must use his smarts and adventurous spirit to stop devious, pint-sized aliens and their unstoppable robot from brainwashing the children of Earth as a precursor to worldwide domination in writer/director Christopher R. Mihm's retro-styled, sci-fi take on classic family films! -  Elliott Mihm, Gabrielle Bilotta, Michael Cook Ricky Rapper and Nighthawk Ricky find a buried treasure while digging for worms. Archaeological excavations begin at the site, and when a valuable iron-age ring vanishes, it becomes apparent that there's a site-robbing "nighthawk" at work here. In 2022, wealthy guests of a special hotel get turned into fantasy characters. Film deals with the problematic of the water exploitation, contamination and manipulation. The documentary points to the realizations and discoveries that water memorizes and that it is conscious. Maeja strawberry fruit basket, but cleaner, Red Apple keeps everything neat and tidy, green banana, but the left is right. IMMI pineapple but most offer themselves waiting to crown replaced with the message so he can crowned himself king. Eva orange but not over water reflection, and Suss in Poland and insect lamps have become even more pranksters than before. Goofy banana and green banana continue to march across Avaxtakorfuna and not lose the rhythm. Gedda carrot is always happy, despite adversity and argues that there is nothing more natural than a vegetable farm in the fruit basket. After his best friend Mikey goes missing, Karl goes on a search mission to find him in the supposed woodlands he was last seen in. During his search, things take an unexpected turn and Karl finds himself up against not only mother natures fury but a hidden secret that the woods harvest. Arkus is reigned by Schiija. The Evil queen forces the inhabitants to give her their best work as gifts at the yearly gifts day. One day a former rival passes a hint on how to defeat the queen to the streetkids Jono and Saraja . A story of relationships that explores the intricacies of the married life, of life-long companionship, of promises and expectations and love. ANDRE'S EYES is an experimental docudrama in which the actual family members themselves participate in the recreation of their own story. Set in a small village in the Portuguese countryside, the film follows the struggle of a divorced father to keep his family together after his youngest son is taken away from them and placed in a foster family. Every family has its secrets, the family of Portuguese filmmaker Mourao included. As the granddaughter of the well-known writer Tomaz de Figueiredo, she picks apart several of them in an intimate yet universally meaningful way. As such, her film also becomes a portrait of dictatorship and resistance and of the urge to create art. Jack Carlisle is a disillusioned 13-year old boy. His mother is always away at work since his father left. He decides to run away, as his mom won't miss him. As he is ready to leave, his nanny, convinces him to read this 'magic book'. The book is about a pirate adventure on Magic Island. As Jack reads the book, he is sucked into the world and goes on numerous adventures with Prince Morgan, while fleeing the evil Blackbeard the Pirate. He is even saved by Lily, a beautiful mermaid, whom he falls in love with. Fatima Ali Alhameli was the first Emirati female camel owner to enter her camel in the country's camel beauty pageant competition and participate in Abu Dhabi's camel auctions. Her attempts faced stiff opposition from the organisers and society. However, she persisted as she was determined to represent Emirati women in this largely male bastion and keen on proving to the world that her gender would not hold her back. An inspiring film about a woman's courage and pioneering spirit. Beyond the punches, boxing paints a complex portrait of life itself - its obstacles, the discipline, the commitment. With the stories of a child aspiring boxer, and a young amateur boxer, the film weaves a tale about the triumph of human spirit both in ring and in life. Julia Child and Julie Powell - both of whom wrote memoirs - find their lives intertwined. Though separated by time and space, both women are at loose ends... until they discover that with the right combination of passion, fearlessness and butter, anything is possible. The mid-west town of Cave City, Kentucky is preparing for its annual Christmas festival, when festivities are disrupted by a sudden snowstorm. While sitting out the blizzard, a group of former friends who have returned for a high school reunion discover what has happened in the intervening years. A poor but talented little drummer boy seeks to win the friendship of the pretty girl he knows from the playground.  Loaded with humanity, pageantry, sentiment and laugh-out-loud humor, Christmas Dreams is wordlessly told through color, movement and dance. A talented little Drummer Boy seeks to win the friendship of the Pretty Girl from the playground. He dreams an enchanted Christmastime world that fantastically the Pretty Girl shares. A married woman, who has set aside her dreams for the sake of her husband and daughter, rediscovers her true self and becomes an achiever.  The cunning and wicked Urfin wants to become ruler of Magic Land. With an army of wooden soldiers, he captures the Emerald City and renames it ti Urfinville. He is all but ready to celebrate victory, when his plans are ruined by an ordinary girl named Dorothy, who arrives in Magic Land just at the right time. She must return home, but not before she helps her friends - the Scarecrow, the Tin Man, and new-brave Lion - defeat Urfin. And in order to do that, they need to find out who he really is. Sharron Holden is a loving mother, wife, and workaholic. She's on the verge of a huge promotion at work, but her husband feels as if she has given up on her family. While on vacation, she imagines that life would have been better if she didn't have kids so young. But when a man claiming to be Kris Kringle arrives, he shows her how empty life truly would have been without the love of her family. Cityboy Niilas (12) is sent to his mother in Lapland. The only one succeeding in making contact with him is his new sister Suna (11). She takes him on a journey in the magical woods where shy Niilas turns into a wild cloudboy. Match Day is centered on the day of the Uefa Champions League Final one of the worlds most watched events, we see that game by the eyes of Mohammed a 12 year old boy from Morocco and his friends at their day to day life, with them we learn a big lesson about team work, solidarity and the pursue of dreams. This documentary feature took approximately two years in filming and editing. Written by Nugui Brothers Tells the incredible true story of Amberley Snyder, a nationally ranked rodeo barrel racer who defies the odds after barely surviving a car accident that leaves her paralyzed from the waist down. A girl seeks help and guidance from a robot monster to cope with the bullies at school and her father's new girlfriend. Florence and Vincent Leroy are a model couple. They have great jobs, a perfect marriage and delightful children. And now they want their divorce to be an equal success. But when they are both simultaneously promoted to their dream jobs, their relationship becomes a nightmare. From that moment on, the gloves are off, the two exes declare war and will do everything in their power to NOT have custody of their children. The movie features varied forms of love: family love, sibling love, puppy love, unrequited love, ruined love, prospering love, in denial love, jaded love, and true love, among others. After all, what the world needs now is love. "If this thing gone from here, everything gone, you know". Alwyn Enoe is one of the last woooden boatbuilders in the Grenadines, he decides to create one final sailing vessel with his sons before the skills introduced by Scottish settlers are lost forever. Sara Shaw is the type of woman who prefers to sit on the sidelines at work, but when her big idea for a Christmas initiative is stolen, she makes a wish to Santa that she'll finally have the courage to stand up for herself. Santa grants her wish, but only gives her 48 hours. As the clock ticks, Sara will discover how to channel the Christmas magic and speak her mind all on her own. Lovestruck: The Musical: Tells the story of Harper (Jane Seymour), one of the best dancers to hit Broadway. But an injury caused her to leave the spotlight, become a choreographer, and raise her daughter, Mirabella (Sara Paxton). When Mirabella, the star of Harper's next big production, decides to quit the show to get married, her mother is determined to put a stop to the wedding and show Mirabella that she cannot give up her career for love, especially to marry playboy Marco (Alexander DiPersia). Encouraged by his quirky grandfather, a young boy faces his fears at summer camp.  A funny story about the adventures of a two hairy friends familiar from the "Six Degrees of Celebration" series. Miss Tanakpur is a political satire that unfolds in the backdrop of a Love-story set in a village of Haryana. In the villages of Haryana the Pradhans in general have insurmountable powers. The Pradhan of Tanakpur, Sualal Gandas is no different. Like his contemporaries, Sualal rules his village using powers vested upon him by Khap. Not just the traditional court but when time comes Sualal manages to manipulate and exploit the bigger powers of the state i.e. the Police and the Law of the land. Ms Tanakpur is Sualal's Buffalo. She had won the Beauty pageant for Buffaloes in the Local fair. She had won the trophy because she produced more milk than all other Buffaloes in the contest. Serendipity will strike in this story. Ms Tanakpur thy name is justice. A Puerto-Rican ex-con, just released from prison, pledges to stay away from drugs and violence despite the pressure around him, and lead a better life outside NYC. A lazy law school grad adopts a kid to impress his girlfriend, but everything doesn't go as planned and he becomes the unlikely foster father. On the cusp of womanhood, 12-year-old Florence goes on her first deer hunt, a traditional rite-of- passage in her matriarchal family. Jessie is an aging career criminal who has been in more jails, fights, schemes, and lineups than just about anyone else. His son Vito, while currently on the straight and narrow, has had a fairly shady past and is indeed no stranger to illegal activity. They both have great hope for Adam, Vito's son and Jessie's grandson, who is bright, good-looking, and without a criminal past. After a vicious assault, a woman holds the fate of her attacker in her hands. The movie starts with Karthik(Ram)who runs a multimillion-dollar company in Portugal living with his family. He meets another rich women Anushka (Sonal Chauhan) for a business deal. They both got engaged but karthik's family was disappointed of this proposal. One of the companies of Karthik gets in to trouble due to a case registered by Green Army headed by Divya (Rakul Preet)against his factory and he heads to India to sort out the issue. being engaged to Anushk, Karthik  goes to an extent to impress Divya in an attempt of convincing her to withdraw the case.Karthik reveals his actual purpose of coming to India later as he is the son of Bhupathi's  sister, who has been staying away from family for 25 years.Bhupati meets karthik for marriage proposal with Divya. Karthik then goes to her village to reunite the family against all odds and marry Divya. Eventually,karthik (Ram) reunites the family which were separated for 25 years and marries to Divya bringing Pandaga for the family By some quirk of fate, the two small-time thieves and the spoiled princess find themselves in the Black Forest full of magic beings who believe that everyone has a chance to mend his ways. However, sometimes even the best intentions need to take a pretty long way round to be achieved... Funny fairy tale full of action, excitement, fun, magic but also love. Jigar, an independent, carefree, insurance agent falls in love with Shruti. Soon he realizes that love is not eternal but it comes with an expiry date. A sports fan loses everything for being addicted to his team and soccer. He then starts a quest to find a cure and recover his wife's love. In the woods there lives a mouse and his friends, and they are always scared of getting eaten by the fox or other predators who can't get food in a fair way. They have to make some laws so they all can live togheter in peace. PROGRESS debuts in BOURNEMOUTH, with Chapter 85: Progro.Naut Iesodo (YAY-Sa-Doe) is a wise white dove, whose name means "The Way of Jesus." Watch as he and his friends bring your favorite New Testament stories to life in a whole new way! Iesodo and his friends live in the Holy Land, in a beautiful Cypress Tree on the shores of a vast Lake (or as we know it, the Sea of Galilee). These birds are an unlikely group of friends, and though they have their differences, they have one thing in common: since they met Iesodo, their lives have never been the same!"Miracles are Everywhere" - A big event is happening! A lonely teenage girl finds faith and healing though a relationship with a wounded horse. Part memoir, part history, part investigation, Chinese Couplets spans two centuries, three countries and four generations of women in this intimate story that reveals the impact of America's Chinese Exclusion Acts on filmmaker Felicia Lowe's family. Lowe offers a nuanced, engaging approach to the debate that details the long-term, multi-generational effects of ethnically motivated immigration policies while imparting a cautionary tale of living with cultural pluralism in the 21st century. A depiction of the conflict between King Henry VIII of England and his Lord Chancellor, Sir Thomas More, who refuses to swear the Oath of Supremacy declaring Henry Supreme Head of the Church in England. Amanda's horse Tanner helps her discover a hidden village of FOREST FAIRIES who offer to help stop an evil land developer from tricking Amanda's mom into selling the family country inn. In this stunningly lush film, the Forest Fairies use their fairy magic and quick thinking to uncover the evil plot. To save the day, they must all try and convince Amanda's mom to believe in love again, believe in laughter again, and believe in fairies. Agathe von Trapp, the eldest daughter of a well-known musical family, overcomes many obstacles to pursue her musical career and move to the United States. Muffy and her friends go on a scandalous adventure to the creepy house on the outskirts of town. Ajay (Asif Ali) is a student at National Defense Academy, Pune. His ambition is to become a soldier. Ajay's father Sidharth Sankar is a well known lawyer in Kochi. When Ajay reaches Kochi, his father is dealing with a lawsuit and he needs the support of Ajay. Meanwhile, Saral (Malavika Mohanan) enters the life of Ajay. The resulting intriguing events are plotted in 'Nirnayakam'. Pettson and Findus find themselves snowed in their house. The little cat is scared that Christmas is ruined, but Pettson promises that they will celebrate "the best Christmas ever". The critically important work by renowned naturalist Claudine Andre to save the endangered bonobo apes of the Congo is presented in this visually stunning feature film. My father and I get into an old camper and head for Paris where, 23 years ago, he dispersed his mother's ashes in the Luxembourg Garden. Our trip will take two weeks. We're both documentary filmmakers so we've decided to make a film recording the journey. We stop at camper parks or gas stations for the night. We each have a camera to keep the conditions fair and so we're both the directors and protagonists at the same time. My father is 70, I am 44. We discuss various things - family history, difficult past, my father's divorces. Any question is allowed. The journey is a pretext to get to know each other a little better. A cinematic-psychological experiment about the father-son relationship. Once in the editing room, will we be able to create a single version that would be acceptable to both? A world-famous astronaut returns home from his latest mission, bringing home a small asteroid that hit his space station.  When strange things start to happen, his nine-year-old daughter is convinced that aliens have moved in next door and em-  barks on a mission to save the world from an inter-galactic invasion! The love of an enchanted young girl brings wonder and healing to a broken family. Vajrakaya is a 2014 Kannada film directed by Harsha A and produced by C. R. Manohar and C R Gopi. The film stars  and Shivaraj Kumar in lead roles. Music was composed by Arjun Janya.  A group of kids obsessed with playing video games mistakenly uncovers a plot by someone in their school to control the world. Miser Ebenezer Scrooge is awakened on Christmas Eve by spirits who reveal to him his own miserable existence, what opportunities he wasted in his youth, his current cruelties, and the dire fate that awaits him if he does not change his ways. Scrooge is faced with his own story of growing bitterness and meanness, and must decide what his own future will hold: death or redemption. In the Swiss Alps of the early 19th century, a couple forced into loveless marriages struggle to find happiness with one another. The Way We Talk is a personal documentary intimately centered around a support group for people who stutter on their journey toward self-acceptance. When a new doctor moves in next door, the neighborhood kids make it their mission to ensure he is not a creepy guardian of a terrible neighbor-eating monster. There's a crisis in the Chinese Spirit World -- humans don't believe in gods anymore! A Door God, facing unemployment, ventures into the human world to prove his worth, leading to unexpected encounters and transformations for humans and spirits alike. A kid tries splitting his boring parents to join the group of his schoolmates who are all children of divorced mums and dads With their golden era long behind them, comedy duo Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy embark on a variety hall tour of Britain and Ireland. Despite the pressures of a hectic schedule, and with the support of their wives Lucille and Ida - a formidable double act in their own right - the pair's love of performing, as well as for each other, endures as they secure their place in the hearts of their adoring public The nine year old Larissa lives in the Luneburg Heath. She is in the clique "The Timies", which is devoted to historical events and facts. In this summer holidays, Larissa's cousins from Berlin are visiting the Luneburg Heath for the first time. From now on, Emma more and more realizes that she disposes of a mysterious talent. By touching antique objects she is able to look into the past of these things. Will they be able to find this treasure? And what has this shining crystal appearing in Emma's visions to do with it? The Gate of Departure is a meditation on grief, death and psychological entrapment that dispenses dialogue and narrative for a visual experience that breaks the conventions.  A family that survives the genocide in Indonesia confronts the men who killed one of their brothers. Jilebi is the down-to-earth story about a sour-sweet confrontation between a village youngster Sreekuttan and his city-bred nephewsSreekuttan, is a village guy whose life is happily confined to his farm and his pet crops. Far away, in the Dubai city , trouble brews for him in the form of his nephew and niece. The sapphire pacific ocean and the golden rice fields - that was Panay's impression of her hometown as a child. To provide her father and two children a better life, Panay was struggling in the city alone until a sudden disease attacked her father. She rushed home only to find out that since no idea when, all the fields of gold had been turned into tourist hotels. A group of middle school kids stumble upon a chest full of incredible toys from the future. The discovery takes them on an adventure using their newfound toys to save their neighborhood and ultimately the world from a maniacal corporate madman. In the process, these "loser" kids learn they have the qualities they thought they were lacking all along. A high school student must hide the fact that he has become pregnant from his family, friends and the school faculty! In a high stakes world where a single broken feather can mean a shattered dream, CHICKEN PEOPLE follows the trials and tribulations of those who breed exotic birds in the world of competitive poultry. In the tradition of SPELLBOUND-with a little of GATES OF HEAVEN thrown in for good measure-comes a feature documentary about three remarkably rich and diverse personalities who come together to compete in their shared passion to raise the perfect chicken. The film will follow the struggles and triumphs of these characters, along with a wide array of competitors-both human and chicken-from the Ohio National Poultry Show, considered the Westminster of Chickens, to the Dixie Classic in Tennessee. A teenager from a small harbor town in Japan learns to follow her own dreams. A talking monkey seeks to gain fame and fortune as a movie star, but instead finds what's most important, a family. Born for adventure, Lea Clark heads deep into the Brazilian rainforest, where her most exciting story awaits. When secret technology is stolen from an overseas lieutenant's home, Commander Kellie and the Superkids know that there's no time to waste. They immediately embark on an intense journey to rescue the lieutenant from an Uzbekistan prison, recover the stolen technology, and join together as a unified front- sharing the truth of God's Word and stand against the forces of darkness...no matter what stands in their way! A short from Ron DeCaro. On the making of Studio Trigger's "Little Witch Academia: The Enchanted Parade" (2015). Two city kids spend a summer on Uncle Jim's dairy farm. They tend to the animals, climb a rope, and learn all kinds of  fun farm facts A Texas family reflects on the forgotten television documentary produced about them in 1960, describing how the program both mirrored and distorted the reality of their lives. Combining rare footage with new interviews, TV FAMILY opens a window onto the limitations of television and representations of family in midcentury America. After a zoo-keeper discovers that animals can speak, powerful businessmen will try to steal them from the zoo.  Spotlighting a nonpharmaceutical therapy for dementia patients developed by neuroscientist Ryuta Kawashima, this upbeat documentary chronicles the startling results produced through "brain exercises" conducted during a study at a Cleveland clinic.  Li, a former soldier who's family broke apart during wartime, was born in Hebei Province in China. He joined the army since youth, never about any political beliefs, but to survive by fighting for those who fed him. The war brought him to Taipei Taiwan, a place where he spent six decades to fit in. Li never had a chance to return to his hometown Hebei, but has revisited it countless times in his dreams. whenever he dreams of it, he sees blood flowing all over the place. At the age of sixty, he decided to separate from his wife and children and lived alone for 20 years. He missed all those years wasted in wartime when he was young, at the same time, he had no idea how his eventful life would come to an end... WATERBOYS tells the funny and moving story of crime novelist Victor and his cello-playing son Zack. When they get thrown out by their women on the same day, the two men have to sort out themselves and their relationship during a turbulent trip to Scotland where Victor's latest book has to be promoted. A film about a father who needs to grow up and his son who should take life less seriously. Set in 1920's Vienna, this is the tale of a little girl, whose godfather gives her a special doll one Christmas Eve. A young girl from London moves to Africa with her parents where she befriends a lion cub.   The story of a broken family striving to stay together while a curse and the ghosts of a haunted house try to tear them apart. 'NABAR' is the story of Surjan Singh, a Father, who became a Fighter from a Farmer to fight against Injustice. 'NABAR' is the story of Chindo, a mother, who got stuck in the most important moment of her life. Her son's marriage. 'NABAR' is the story of Manjeet, a girlfriend, who thinks death can kill life, but not relationship. 'NABAR' is the story of Karam, who has a dream to go abroad and earn a better living for his family. 'NABAR' is the story of Kapura, a politician, who can go to any extent for his profits. 'NABAR' is the story of Rana, a struggling comedian with golden heart, who will stand by truth at any cost. 'NABAR' is the story which has never been told before. Full of emotions, love, anger and happiness. 'NABAR' is the story with soulful music (romantic, Bhangra, shabad and chandi di war first time in Punjabi film. Informally known as Baseco Compound, Port Area in Manila is the biggest urban poor community in the Philippines. Children living in the Baseco compound are left behind in abject poverty without proper care and education. WMC, the missionary community led by Shin Seung-cheol, goes to Baseco Compound and provide warm food and medical care while teaching children skills like baking. This documentary features their journey of hope and compassion. Sick family relationships, three lovers separated by an ocean and a forbidden pregnancy. The destruction of a daily life puzzle that conceals an incest for 30 years between the Spanish countryside and the great Latin American metropolis.  Seven-year-old Siv's first night sleeping over at her new friend Cerisia's place turns out to be a magical one. In the early evening, many things are already beginning to seem odd, the exotic food, all of the animals ... At night though, the unfamiliar flat really starts to become a realm full of secrets. Money is not necessarily the key to happiness. It can easily be considered man's worst downfall. Michael Adeyemi was destined to be a billionaire by the age of 35 and with money comes access to the fine things of life. Find out how Michael's desperate quest for fortune and success would cost him the number one thing money cannot buy - Family. Blinded by selfish ambitions, pride and appetite for greed leads him down a path of self-destruction, blinding him to the only thing that is worth saving. It all comes crashing down on "Boxing Day" where Michael is swept under a sea of adversities caused by none other than himself. Watch this downpour of self-inflicted wave of adversities with rippling effects that triggers thought provoking questions, of love, pain, pride and ultimate redemption - what if you never get that second chance? 10-year-old Jamal loves his carefree life with his mum in rural Bangladesh, until the day his childhood friend and playmate is forced to become a child bride. Isolated and lost, Jamal finds the world a harsh reality when his hopes of getting new friends and attending school collide with his mother's past. Jeevan (Kunchacko Boban) and Salim (Biju Menon) are taxi drivers in Gulf.They live in a small apartment which they share with Kumar (Neeraj Madhav). A Sri Lanka Native Thamara Enters their life and they are forced to accommodate her in their apartment . The events happened in their life is the plot of Madhura Naranga. In 2010, this film started out as an ordinary documentary about the maker's family and the city of Salamya where they come from. However, it immediately fixates on its first subject: Hassan, the maker's farmer cousin with a shed full of cows he is very fond of. When Ali Sheikh Khudr returned two years later, the war proved to have inflicted deep wounds. Noah and his family along with a zoo full of animals take an adventure aboard an orange slice ark. After 40 days and nights of rain, everyone's faith has been tested, and they're ready to jump ship. Will they chart a new course, or will they remember to trust God's promises? Grad your umbrellas and find out in this VeggieTales re-telling of the beloved Bible story! Hair flies in the life of teenage Olivia who is totally bald due alopecia, when she works in the hair salon that is owned by her ex-beauty queen mom. The story of 'KL 10 Pathu' basically revolves around too many incidents like a Panchayath Election, a local football tournament final, and an eloping of the hero and heroine. What makes things all the more complicated is the repercussion of the eloping which eventually affects the results of the football tournament and the election result. Because the hero is the son of the candidate in the panchayath election and a player of the football team which plays in the final. Assigned to teach a class of unruly high schoolers, a devoted young woman soon comes to find common ground with the kids, who seek only acceptance. Imagine clocks stop in time, happily amazed at that time when we were kids, that time of our lives where every second, every decision, every meeting becomes an experience capable of making us change. Imagine, like children, to travel through time, from the 1960s to the present, and experience small adventures that will remain etched in memory, like the smell of an object, the taste of a sweet, the color of a memory. Imagine being children and have the possibility to still be one. 'Once I Will Be Child' is an episodic film told through the eyes of protagonists between 7 and 14 years. The film goes through six decades (1958, 1960, 1978, 1984, 2007, today) and, inspired by the 'children's movies' that marked the fantasy and the cinema of the ' 80 (from 'E.T.' in 'the Goonies' up to 'Honey, I shrunk the kids!'), outlines an amused tribute to various film genres (ranging from science fiction, to yellow, to the tale of training). A star quarterback gets knocked out of the game and an unknown third stringer is called in to replace him. The unknown gives a stunning performance and forces the aging coach to reevaluate his game plans and life. A new co-owner/president adds to the pressure of winning. The new owner must prove her self in a male dominated world. Nelson is a man devoted to his advertising career in San Francisco. One day, while taking a driving test at the DMV, he meets Sara. She is very different from the other women in his life. Nelson causes her to miss out on taking the test and later that day she tracks him down. One thing leads to another and Nelson ends up living with her through a November that will change his life forever.  Kaththi (played by Raj Tharun) is a happy-go-lucky boy, who enjoys life with his friends. But, his father always scolds him as he fails Intermediate two times. One day, he falls in love with Parineeti (played by Avika Gor), who is the daughter of Somnath Chaterjee (played by Rao Ramesh).  With his tricks and techniques, Kaththi makes Parineeti to fall in love with him. The twist in the tale rises when Somnath Chaterjee comes to know about their relationship. In order to get marry with his daughter, Somanath keeps a challenge for Kaththi and he promises that he will give his daughter to him, if he passes the test.  What is the challenge given by Somanth Chaterjee? What did Kaththi do for his love? What is the twist in the story forms the rest of the story. In this magical, enchanting fairy tale we follow a young girl who, in search of her long-lost father, discovers a charming hidden cottage inhabited by the beautiful Snow White and the seven dwarves. With her newfound friends by her side, they embark on a spell-binding adventure to find her missing father and discover whether 'happily ever after' really does exist. The Chukchi reindeer breeders are peculiar people. They are nomads. Reindeers are their welfare, the purport of life. The mother-reindeer is the main divine being; it protects the Chukchi from misfortune and troubles. Nature is not friendly towards people here. Only Chukchi can survive in Tundra. A rush period for the Chukchi reindeer breeders comes in winter, when the temperature rises up to 50 degrees Celsius at night and in the sunlight of the day it doesn't exceed 40 degrees Celsius in tundra: they should separate young deers from the rest of the herd, the weak from the strong. And this, considering that the herds of the Chukchi reindeer breeders number some thousand heads... A story that takes place during Advent, we'll meet again with your favorite pair angel Petronel  and devil Urias. Their eternal wrangling causes the rare apple from the tree of the knowledge to roll on earth. And that God is really angry. Petronel with Urias find themselves in a small Czech town on the eve of the feast of St. Nicholas.  And after a series of human and "divine" tests our heroes eventually find that the path to knowledge leads primarily through self discovery through the strength of friendship, love and forgiveness skills. Galis - The Journey to Astra is a high-quality adventure film for children. The movie operates on two levels - as a suspenseful, entertaining fairytale, and as a coming-of-age story. Yonatan is at the height of his glory as the chosen one , but as always, there is only enough room at the top for one, and Yonatan has left all of his friends behind. When he finds himself in an alien world called Astra - Yonatan feels compelled to prove his abilities as a leader, and prove that he is the chosen one on Astra as he is on Earth. But through his Journey Yonatan will realize that this vanity is stopping him from listening to the people closest to him and the lost could be crucial.. Assigned to teach a class of unruly high schoolers, a devoted young woman soon comes to find common ground with the kids, who seek only acceptance. A disillusioned opera star, a lonely pastry chef, and a divorced Don Juan with an amorous history offstage make for choice ingredients in this poignant romantic tale spiced with Christmas cookies, borscht, and an alarming quantity of deadly insecticide. Director Tribuson demonstrates a deft talent for juggling comic romantic disasters from a woman's point of view as her characters negotiate the bamboozling ways of love. Middle-aged Verica (acclaimed actress Marinkovic) pours her heart into her cafe's pastries, but she can't seem to find a like-minded lover until a duplicitous handyman with pheromones to spare and an eye for the ladies sets off a chain of unforeseen adventures all tied together by one fateful plate of tasty treats. Gavin Stone, a washed-up former child star, is forced to do community service at a local megachurch and pretends to be Christian so he can land the part of Jesus in their annual Passion Play, only to discover that the most important role of his life is far from Hollywood. While watching two children on Halloween night, a babysitter finds an old VHS tape in the kids' trick or treat bag. The tape features three tales of terror, all linked together by a murderous clown. As the night goes on strange things begin to occur in the house. It isn't long before the babysitter learns the horrifying truth... the maniacal clown is slowly working his way into her reality. Located in the center of Taiwan, Alishan Forest Railway is popular with railway enthusiasts &amp; nature lovers alike. The starting point of the journey into the rainforests &amp; mountain world of Taiwan is Chiayi. The first sunbeams mark the next day in the mountains when the Alishan Forest Railway will bring with it new visitors who will experience the unique &amp; wonderful mountain world of Alishan story of EXTRAORDINAARI is about how Ex Beauty Diva turn Businesswoman Tanya's, struggles, manipulations, and intelligently made creative decisions to win over the contest of the beauty pageant called GLAMOUREENA through which 10 low confident, underprivileged, underdog girls taste their success and evolves as their new reincarnations in the same birth !! A 12 year old boy with a passion for dance and his brother are rescued from the streets by an old showman who takes them to live with his estranged former dancing partner/brother.  Mike is a loner: no friends, no hobbies, no girlfriend. That is until he meets Tschick, who's new in school, looks like he's been in a lot of fights and has a tendency to be drunk. At the beginning of the summer break, Tschick shows up at Mike's door with a stolen car and together they start the adventure of their lifetime: no parents, no maps, no plan - but definitely a lot of fun. A private detective is hired to track down a missing casanova and ends up falling head-over-heels for him. Eleven-year-old Linh shows great grace under pressure. When her mother, who's raising her kids on her own, has to return unexpectedly to Vietnam, Linh looks after her little sister Tien and the family restaurant on her own. Of course, no one is supposed to find out, not the school, not the neighbours, and definitely not child protective services. But Linh's biggest problem has red hair, a telescope and a sly grin: Pauline. The daredevil from across the street has the whole neighbourhood under surveillance and can't imagine anything cooler than a life without parents. When Pauline blackmails the Vietnamese sisters into starting a gang with her, the three girls set off on a daring adventure. A young girl goes through the ups and downs of school-life. A normal class, ordinary children and a regular school teacher. Or not. The lives of the children in Mr Frans' class are turned upside down when they discover that he sometimes turns into a frog. And Sita is so fond of her teacher that she wants to protect him at all costs from all those dangerous animals... Based on the novel by bestselling Dutch author Paul van Loon. Christmas in the Smokies is a modern day Christmas classic set in the beautiful Smoky Mountains. It tells the story of one family's journey to save their historic berry farm against all odds during one fateful holiday season. A woman leaves her career in dancing to dedicate her life to her husband, a famous politician. Fifteen years after, she leaves her luxurious life to resume what she left behind years ago. Three years after a painful divorce due to her husband's addiction to pornography and subsequent infidelity, Erica Stratton (Shelby Smith) works as an accountant to provide for her two children. Though she appears independent and strong, she struggles to free herself from the devastating memories of her broken marriage. Firm in her resolve to never trust again, she meets Michael, and begins to question her decision. Torn between her broken past and an unknown future, will Erica find a way to heal? A feudal war is caused between Jassa and his cousins over the ownership of a piece of land. This leads to their families becoming sworn enemies for generations thereafter. A couple of wastrels chances upon a bag full of American currency. A corrupt cop and a ruthless pawnbroker are also after the bag. Thomas and Alfred were born around the same time; a fire in the nursery had nurses scrambling to save the newborns. Because he felt that he deserved Alfred's good fortune at being born into a wealthy family, Thomas conceives the idea that he and Alfred were switched at birth, and he can't help seeing that his unhappiness should be Alfred's, from the loss of his sister to his inability to have a relationship with the woman Evelyne. So, as his life is ending, he formulates a plan of revenge against his bitter enemy, his lifetime adversary, the man who stole his existence. Robert is a police agent of American origins who lost his memory through an accident during a robbery in a branch of the Bank of America. A robber who survived the shooting is convinced the agent is faking his amnesia, just to then get rid of him and enjoy the loot, that cost the other delinquents their lives, together with his ex lover. Adam (10) meets Abulele, an ancient, huge, friendly and invisible monster. When a government Special Forces unit arrives to capture Abulele, Adam has to put his past behind, in order to save his friend, and learn when you really love someone, you're never alone. A college professor travels to New York City to attend a conference and finds a young couple living in his apartment. Danny is a student that barely gets any attention at home because his mother is mentally ill. At school however, he is very popular and known as a big bully. His main victim is Suus, a lesbian classmate who faces many problems due to her sexual orientation. Two young lovers change the lives of their parents forever when the parents learn from the joyful experience of their kids, and allow themselves to again find their love. While fulfilling her community service hours at a horse rescue ranch, Emma forms an unlikely bond with an abused show horse who won't let anyone ride him. A St Saint-just-et-Vacquieres, Jean-Michel Burel, schoolmaster of a class at several levels, begins his last school year before retirement. The teacher teaches tolerance and wisdom in the same way as spelling and mathematics. It conducts its programme with determination. It endeavours to support students to give them confidence and raise them above. Through the eyes of a former student, now Director, emerges a timeless school where rigour is combined with good humour, a school where freedom begins with respect for others. A school that belongs to the universal field of childhood. Ten year old Amanda desperately wants a dog but her Dad won't have it. When she finds a young fox, she and her friend Maggie conspire to keep it as a pet. Little do they know the trouble awaits as the fox is pursued by a pair of shady, bumbling Russians with an ulterior motive. Three teens realize their science project is the key to finding their missing parents, in another world. Stony Paths is the story of a walk across Anatolia. Arnaud Khayadjanian starts a trek in Turkey, on the land of his forefathers who survived the Armenian Genocide. Starting from a painting, from encounters and from accounts by his relatives, he goes on exploring the little known issue of the Righteous, all these anonymous people who saved lives in 1915. When royal Princess Courtney trades places with famous rock star Erika, two worlds collide while both learn to appreciate new friends and experiences. 11-year-old Michi lives in a children's home, every day fighting to win the respect of the other kids, till the day he finds his real dad, Tom - who happens to be a dwarf, even shorter than Michi is, the opposite of his idea of manliness and strength. When the kids find out, Michi's life becomes hell and he flees. With nowhere to go, he moves in with Tom, who is new to this fatherhood thing, while Michi tried to hide his embarrassment and shame from his fellow school kids. This forces Tom, who had coped well till now, to confront his handicap head on. As time passes, they discover they have more in common than other sons and fathers, until their relationship is again suddenly put to the hard test... A Chinese family moves from their native land to a town in Germany and struggles to adjust to the different culture. Marriage hangs in the balance... Six strangers (of different backgrounds, cultures, and economic statuses) are invited to a mysterious home, each for different reasons. With nothing in common, they soon find out that they are actually brothers and sisters. The father they never knew about has died. As a part of his last will and testament, he will spread his millions equally amongst them, if they are willing to spend the next 24 hours together. All hell is about to break loose. A rebellious girl is sent to stay on her grandmother's horse ranch for Christmas. She falls into friendship with her grandmother's pony and becomes determined to help save the ranch from foreclosure. Antboy is challenged by the release of archenemy Loppen from prison, the new super villain, Alicia Dufort, and competition from an all new vigilante; the Hero Without a Name. A Canadian television director is hired to salvage an international fishing show in Scotland. The only hitch: his ex-wife is the host. What he finds in Scotland is love in the form of a local fishing guide (called a ghillie) and the chance to repair his life and his friendship with his ex-wife with whom he had a child who died.  In this unique and dynamic live concert experience, Louis C.K.'s exploration of life after 40 destroys politically correct images of modern life with thoughts we have all had...but would rarely admit to. A quiet teenage artist Rafe Katchadorian has a wild imagination and is sick of middle school and the rules that have been put before him. Rafe and his best friend Leo have come up with a plan: break every rule in the school hand book and as you expect trouble follows. Will Montgomery (Ben Foster), a U.S. Army Staff Sergeant who has returned home from Iraq, is assigned to the Army's Casualty Notification service. Montgomery is partnered with Captain Tony Stone (Woody Harrelson), to give notice to the families of fallen soldiers. The Sergeant is drawn to Olivia Pitterson (Samantha Morton), to whom he has delivered news of her husband's death. Three couples who get separated from each other due to an evil ploy, reincarnate after 600 years and meet each other as history repeats itself again and their respective partners get mixed up this time. In order to save some kids who are about to die in a fire, Bibi, the daughter of a prestigious witch, manages to trigger a heavy rain with her powers. The head of all witches gives her an award called "Crystal Ball", reserved for older girls. German adventure film very much in line of Harry Potter, but in female version. A mother and father in search of help for their sick daughter cross paths with an extraordinary carpenter named Jesus, who has devoted his life to spreading God's word. An amazing miracle brings to light the true meaning of Christ, and the sacrifices he endured for the deliverance of mankind. A compelling story of faith, trust, and devotion. Behind the magnificent Taj Mahal lies a cluster of dingy homes where Chanda (35), a domestic help, lives with her 14-year-old daughter Appu. Chanda aspires and dreams that her daughter will study and embrace a better fate. When Appu tells her she wants to quit school and become a maid like her, Chanda takes a strong decision: she will herself go back to school, and even join the class of her daughter. Forced to the streets, 16-year-old Dior simply trusts God no matter what. A social worker is trying to track her down, and they each must learn about the meaning of love and acceptance.  Alone and on her own, a sixteen year old Dior figures out how to survive on the streets by a stroke of a spiritual pen Tony Lip, a bouncer in 1962, is hired to drive pianist Don Shirley on a tour through the Deep South in the days when African Americans, forced to find alternate accommodations and services due to segregation laws below the Mason-Dixon Line, relied on a guide called The Negro Motorist Green Book. Come Play with Elmo! Everyone's favorite furry red friend is joined by all kinds of kids to play Elmo Says, Red Light Green Light, Freeze Dance, Pat-a-cake and more. OK Go mix primary colors into a rainbow and Taye Diggs helps Elmo pretend in this playful special featuring singing, dancing, and learning! After losing her father, a young women must find the strength to face her fears and compete in the race of her life or her family will lose everything. Frida wants a baby. But although she forces her boyfriend to follow a strict fertilization regimen, she's not getting pregnant. Just when she's about to resort to artificial means, her boyfriend dumps her. Suddenly, she's missing the most important pregnancy ingredient - the father. But Frida will stop at nothing to get her baby. In Depression-era London, a now-grown Jane and Michael Banks, along with Michael's three children, are visited by the enigmatic Mary Poppins following a personal loss. Through her unique magical skills, and with the aid of her friend Jack, she helps the family rediscover the joy and wonder missing in their lives. Set during the 2009 Football season. Ben 'Zagger' Zagowski and Nick 'Polano' Polano, best friends and co-workers, buy a house in the parking lot of Lambeau Field (home of the Packers), and are forced to pick between a football fan lifestyle and a girl. Lives change. There's a cow. A wild holiday of the father of four and his family. When college-bound Emily Landis moves from the city to her Grandpa's country home, she is expected to take care of Lucky, her late Grandma's horse, and makes it her mission to show the light of Christ to her grieving Grandpa. Struggling, Emily is befriended by a local named Jake. When the two discover Emily's Grandma died searching for hidden treasure, the pair attempt to find the rare gold coin that has eluded treasure hunters for decades. A tale of love, adventure, and intrigue LUCKY'S TREASURE is a powerful reminder that things long lost might still be found today. Riko, who will begin university in Tokyo in spring, journeys there from Hiroshima in February with her father to find a place for her to live. On their travels, they meet various colorful characters. The father remembers his late wife, and raising his daughter alone. Their fun time together is tinged with the knowledge that it is about to end. Rakugo performer Kyotaro Yanagiya appears in his first leading film role, and rising star Anna Ishii plays the sensitive Riko. The eccentric supporting cast includes Romi Park, Akihiro Kakuta, Keiko Yanagawa, Kei Ishibashi, LaSalle Ishii, and Momiji Yamamura. Max is a trendy, pretty, young lesbian, who is having trouble finding love. A friend sets her up with Ely, whom Max likes, but Ely is frumpy, homely, and older. Nor do they have much in common. Can Max learn to look past the packaging? Vlad Tepes is a great hero, but when he learns the Sultan is preparing for battle and needs to form an army of 1,000 boys, he vows to find a way to protect his family. Vlad turns to dark forces in order to get the power to destroy his enemies and agrees to go from hero to monster as he's turned into the mythological vampire, Dracula. In 1991, the Government of India opened up the economy and unleashed the forces of globalization, forever changing the landscape of the country. A dozen years later, India was celebrating its emergence as a global economic super power. Set in 2004, in the midst of a nationwide 'India Shining' campaign, the film Mantra tells the intimate story of a family and its travails, and through it, the story of the New India. The protagonist of the film is Kapil Kapoor, the founder of an iconic Indian snack brand in the 'License Raj' old India. But today - in 2004 - he is fighting a losing battle against a multinational that has taken over the market. But it is not just his company that Kapil is desperately trying to save; it is also his own wife and children who are battling their own crises. Life as a costumed mascot becomes a bizarre experience for a new recruit who joins an offbeat team of amusement park 'Characterz' for a summer job he'll never forget. A passionate film-maker's journey and struggle against the stereotype of the society. Eleven-year-old outsider Stephan arrives at Castle Schreckenstein, an all-boys boarding school, where he learns about life within a community and soon finds himself being part of a funny 'pranks-competition' the boys are currently fighting against the neighboring girls of Castle Rosenfels. When the girls have no choice but to move to Schreckenstein after a failed prank, life at school is suddenly nothing like it used to be... The lovesick Doctor Proctor has traveled back in time in a desperate attempt to alter history. He wants to stop the wedding between his beloved Juliette and the terrible Claude Cliche, but is trapped in time. Lise and Bulle have to help him back. All-American couple who try to bridge the generation gap with their free-spirited son on a trip, frisky business and misunderstandings galore ensue, all funny, vibrant and charming. Juliana tells the story of a little girl who dresses like a boy to join a gang that her brother is in. The story shows the reality of young kids that join gangs. A teenager boy leaves a moment of boredom while his father works on his old car, and the mother wishes to go out for a stroll around the block. One more relocated family post Hurricane Katrina. David McDoll is a selfish and wealthy man living an enviable lifestyle in his large villa and collecting fancy cars. However, his life is about to be changed forever when he inherits his six grandchildren. His glamorous lifestyle quickly becomes complete chaos. But he will learn a valuable lesson that teaches him about placing family first and discovering a newfound appreciation for life. Taeko's friend Maya confesses that she has a crush on Taeko's father. Taeko tells her father and mother. Taeko's mother laughs and Taeko's father acts like its not a big deal. Since then, Maya rushes to Taeko's father. The film centers on three friends who dislike politics, and the problems when one (Harbhajan Mann) becomes chief minister. Daytime Emmy nominated documentary, A World of Dreams: Voices from the OUT100 covers the annual Out100, a list of the LGBT community's biggest movers and shakers. In this special highlights 12 of 2013's most outstanding. Featuring Edie Windsor, Laverne Cox, Dustin Lance Black, Choire Sicha, Tarell McCraney, John Krokidas, Paul Katami, Jeff Zarrillo, Shayne Oliver, Casey Legler, Lea Dalaria, and Liz Carmouche. A women emigrates for her the sake of her daughter's future. Mowgli's on a mission to prove he's a real howling, prowling wolf. But a jealous cub and his creature co-horts will stop at nothing to keep him out of the pack! An unscrupulous boxer fights his way to the top, but eventually alienates all of the people who helped him on the way up. After her unfaithful husband leaves her, Mildred Pierce proves she can become independent and successful. However winning the approval of her spoiled daughter proves a greater challenge. Aurora Williams is a 17-year-old girl living with her parents in the New Orleans neighborhood known locally as the 9th Ward. A talented young pianist, Aurora is on the verge of leaving for college to study music when she discovers her cousin Tyrell is responsible for a heinous high-profile murder. Soon, Aurora faces a dire conundrum - turning Tyrell in is obviously the proper thing to do, but societal conventions and family loyalties complicate an already tense situation... Nobody wants to be branded "a snitch" in the tight-knit community of the 9th Ward. With a large reward at stake and the police closing in on Tyrell, Aurora must decide if she is willing to risk the safety of her family in order to do what is right. The journey to the world championship is fraught with difficulties for Entity, the UK's most successful and controversial under sixteen street dance crew, as they battle to overcome the many challenges that face them in their bid for glory on the world stage. Twenty five years after Miguel died from AIDS, his niece, filmmaker Cecilia Aldarondo, embarks on an excavation into a quagmire of unresolved family drama. Like many gay men in the 1980s, Miguel moved from Puerto Rico to New York City; he found a career in theater and a rewarding relationship. Yet, on his deathbed he grappled to reconcile his homosexuality with his Catholic upbringing. Now, decades after his death, Cecilia locates Miguel's lover Robert, who has been shunned and demonized by the family, in order to understand the whole story. A city in Washington state awakens to the surreal sight of foreign paratroopers dropping from the sky--shockingly, the U.S. has been invaded and their hometown is the initial target. Quickly and without warning, the citizens find themselves prisoners and their town under enemy occupation. Determined to fight back, a group of young patriots seek refuge in the surrounding woods, training and reorganizing themselves into a guerrilla group of fighters. Muhib lost his parents at a early age and brought up by his sister. After the marriage of his sister Jeba, he comes along with his sister in his brother-in-law's house. He grows up with strict rules by his brother-in-law. But for the sake of his sister's happiness, he bears all of this. Muhib is in a deep relationship with Oru. They married each other in a court with the presence of his friends. But they cannot stay together as Muhib has to leave the town for his job. Muhib dreams for a new life with Oru but a mishap changes everything. Liz tries to keep her friend from making the worse mistake of her life. The heartbreaking life of an old potter. A boy with autism causes a lot of hardships for his parents, as his father isn`t accepting the fact that he is different from the rest while his mother is trying her best to fit his needs. His mother later finds the right people to help her son live his life. In an alternate universe where twinned worlds have opposite gravities, a young man battles interplanetary prejudice and the laws of physics in his quest to reunite with the long-lost girl of his dreams in this visually stunning romantic adventure that poses the question: what if love was stronger than gravity? Ibiza. Bodies on the sand, a warm wind, an eternal sunshine, the chatter of crickets. A child's eye, a women's voice. She's calling her mom, recalling: << Maud, four years old, eczema on the face, knees, arms... >> A mariachi singer, Jaime Garcia, is also known as El charro de Toluquilla. He has assumed the cocky and seductive attitude shown by characters of classical Mexican cinema as an alternative, but effective, treatment for AIDS. Now, in order to survive, he debates between keeping this fantasy alive as a way of life and having a more down-to-earth attitude to rear his young daughter, Analia, who was miraculously born without the virus. After a couple of unfortunate events, all Rachel wants is a place to lick her wounds; only to discover her Grammy has been conned. As options run out to save Grammy's home from foreclosure, Rachel is forced to take matters into her hands. The only problem is; does this naive eccentric have what it takes to con a con? Jesse is approaching her 15th birthday and the only gift she desires is a horse. Unbeknownst to Jesse, her mother Brandy is in the throes of a cancer diagnosis which has Jesse's father jumping through unexpected obstacles.  He signs Jesse up for summer camp, but when summer camp falls through he decides to have her stay with her estranged grandfather, an old gruff horse trainer named Gauff. Gauff, still recovering from the death of a special horse named Grace, now faces the challenges of teen negotiation. Gauff finds he must swallow his pride and ask his daughter Brandy for forgiveness. A young couple trying to save their marriage attempts therapy in the wake of a haunting tragedy, but when lies and secrets surface, their guilt and grief drive them further apart. Greek After losing his best friend Charlie on Christmas Eve, Bobby Whiteside ventures out onto the lake where they played games of winter hockey. Upon shoveling the ice surface he discovers a magic, perfectly groomed hockey rink that appears only at night in his presence. When a development company starts purchasing lake frontage, Bobby joins forces with his high school crush to rally the town to play one last game on the night pond. The story of three friends (Chicken, Drikus and Chris) who are determined to make Drikus's last wish true - to make a zombie movie. In the process of making the film, Hoender begins to process the loss of his father's death. At the same time, he creates new friends, works confidently and realises that he has a lot to offer to others. Drikus's joy of life and determination bring together the surrounding lifeless communities and revitalise their lives. To this very day kids believe stories of the Wild Soccer Bunch are the best in the whole world and that's why Leo, Elias, Finn, Joshua, Oskar and Matze, replay their heroes' legendary games every spare minute. One day a darkly dressed young man hands them a mysterious map that leads the boys into unknown territory. Here they realise they're in the middle of the Wild Bunch country and that they have been chosen to be the successors of the real, now grown-up Wild Soccer Bunch. Are they wild enough to succeed? At any given moment in any mans life there are always three women involved... In the not so distant future, Theodore, a lonely writer purchases a newly developed operating system designed to meet the user's every needs. To Theodore's surprise, a romantic relationship develops between him and his operating system. This unconventional love story blends science fiction and romance in a sweet tale that explores the nature of love and the ways that technology isolates and connects us all. 2008's critically acclaimed debut album by The Airborne Toxic Event propelled the group onto a world wide stage. They sold hundreds of thousands of albums. Their hit 'Sometime Around Midnight' was named iTunes #1 Alternative Song of the Year. After two years of selling out concerts around the world, the band finished by coming home and playing the most important show of their career. The LA Philharmonic asked the band to curate/perform their own show at the most prestigious musical building in the world, Frank Gehry designed Walt Disney Concert Hall in Los Angeles. All I Ever Wanted is not a concert film, it's a documentary about the struggles, pain and persistence of being in a family. This family happens to be a rock band. In World War II era Los Angeles, the manager of the Culver Hotel leaves his nephew in charge for a weekend. The nephew changes the name to the Hotel Rainbow and overbooks with royalty, assassins, secret agents, Japanese tourists, and munchkins (from the cast of _Wizard of Oz, The (1939)_ ). Secret Service agent Bruce Thorpe and casting director Annie Clark find romance amidst the intrigue and confusion. Having just moved to a new town, widow Elaine Freedman (Cheryl Ladd) and her teenage daughter, Justine (Jody Thompson) are greeted by the effusive, terribly nice Dr. Calvin Lawrence (Michael York). Sensing that Justine is bit testy and out of sorts (most kids her age tend to get that way, you know), Dr. Lawrence recommends that she begin taking a special vitamin which he manufactures in his own home. Before long, Justine is the model of perfection -- just like all the other teenagers in town. What no one realizes until it is almost too late is that the kindly Dr. Lawrence is the quintessential control freak, using mind-altering drugs and secret radio waves to create his own "perfect city," where everyone bends to his will. A breathtaking adventure across five continents and through time to reveal nature's most vital secret. Watch a flying fox gorge itself on a midnight snack of figs. Climb into the prickly jaws of insect-eating plants. Witness a mantis disguised as a flower petal lure its prey to doom. In a small North Texas town live Karen and her two boys Mason and Henry. Nightmares and a visiting stranger threatens Karen's bond with her children. She must learn to accept her fears and fight for the survival of her family, or give up and surrender to a life without her children. After graduating from college, getting dumped by his girlfriend, and witnessing a robbery, a young man is forced to go on an all night adventure with a mysterious woman and her band of misfits. When a town learns that Santa Claus has struck it off his delivery schedule due to an insulting letter, a way must be found to change his mind.   One of the greatest neuroscience breakthroughs is having discovered that babies are far more than a genetic load. The development of all human beings lies on the combination of genetics, the quality of the relationships and the environment they are set on.  The Beginning of Life invites everyone to reflect: are we taking good care of this unique moment, which defines both the present and future of humankind? Becoming a taxi driver is Devki`s biggest wish. To reach this goal, Devki has to stand up first to her father, then her husband and at the end even her father-in-law. Devki's story in 'Where to, Miss?' tells us, why it is difficult for Indian women, to step out of their deep embedded roles. Dan Warner is a desaturator, tasked with sapping beauty from the world in a future where Color is used as energy. When his superiors suspect that he may secretly be hoarding color in order to support his "unhealthy" passion for drawing, Dan is reassigned to the outer precincts where he is faced with a decision that will decide the course of his future. En ung vacker kvinna hittas dod i Gota Alv och pa fingret bar hon en briljantforsedd vigselring som tillhor nagon annan. Kriminalinspektor Irene Huss och hennes kollegor satts pa fallet och far direkt problem. Obduktionen visar att dodsorsaken inte ar drunkning utan en skallskada. Vem ar hon? Hon ar inte saknad, ingen kan identifiera henne, ingen vet nagonting. Samtidigt i ett nedganget barackomrade sitter en misshandlad man och ruvar pa en fruktansvard hemlighet... Angela Kovacs aterkommer i rollen som Irene Huss. Vi far aven aterse Lasse Brandeby, Reuben Sallmander, Eric Ericson, Dag Malmberg och Anki Liden. Dessutom kommer en ny kriminaltekniker in i teamet i form av Moa Gammel kand fran bl a Sommaren med Goran. Antligen ar succe-serien om Irene Huss tillbaka, aven denna gang baserad pa Helene Turstens bastsaljande deckarserie, och med mer spanning an nagonsin. After a divorce, a voice actress Eunkyeong raises her son alone who's unkind to her. It makes her sad but she does not show it. Past and present calmly cross over as they try to embrace each other's pain. A Las Vegas magician who performs at children's birthday parties convinces the woman of his dreams to be his assistant, while the local Mob guys try to make him disappear permanently. An in-depth and intimate portrait of Coldplay's spectacular rise from the backrooms of Camden pubs to selling out stadiums across the planet. At the heart of the story is the band's unshakeable brotherhood which has endured through many highs and lows. Michael has a routine. Every day at noon, he heads to his favorite local park where he sits and enjoys the sun on the same bench. However, this time is slightly different, he is greeted by a mysterious woman who soon seems to know everything about him. However, he doesn't recall ever meeting her. A young tech worker takes a job at a powerful Internet corporation, quickly rises up the company's ranks, and soon finds herself in a perilous situation concerning privacy, surveillance and freedom. She comes to learn that her decisions and actions will determine the future of humanity. A single father struggles when his oldest children leave home. Alex decides to end his kid brother's nightmares by forming a task force to take care of imaginary monsters. When their business becomes a hit, nothing can go wrong...until one of the monsters turns out to be real, and really big. This feature-length documentary by Alanis Obomsawin examines the plight of Native people who come to Montreal searching for jobs and a better life. Often arriving without money, friends or jobs, a number of them quickly become part of the homeless population. Both dislocated from their traditional values and alienated from the rest of the population, they are torn between staying and returning home. This documentary shows us the lives of 10 people from the Wixarika (Huichol) and Nayeri (Cora) cultures. They live in different areas of the Sierra Madre Occidental but face new forms of conquest by present-day society, which constantly threatens their ancient culture and natural resources, which are vital for the enactment of their most sacred ceremonies. Known for years as the golden boy of SA rugby, the world reeled in shock in April 2011 when the news broke that Joost van der Westhuizen had been diagnosed with Motor Neuron Disease (MND). The disease attacks the central nervous system, causing progressive disability. There is no known cure. THE PROGNOSIS IS DEATH.Anyone who's seen Joost in action will know that he's not one to give up without a fight. His game-changing prowess as a rugby player is now galvanised in a battle for survival and, more importantly, to make a difference to the lives of others with the disease.Despite specialist assurances that he'd be in a wheelchair in a year and not likely see his 42th birthday, Joost not only celebrated in style, but took to the skies, travelling internationally with his J9 Foundation to meet the great minds who are working to find a cure. Over 18 months, The Big Flip follows the lives of four flipped families as they navigate the trials and triumphs of at-home fatherhood and mothers as main breadwinners. In a world where the majority of Americans still believe kids are better off when mom stays home, and that a good father should work hard to provide for his family, how will these families fare? Will resentments and doubt fester? Will love endure? In two weeks absence of his wife, a young brilliant architect has to look after his two little girls as a clueless father. In the meantime he got a deadline of the most important project in his career. When Ripley's lifepod is found by a salvage crew over 50 years later, she finds that terra-formers are on the very planet they found the alien species. When the company sends a family of colonists out to investigate her story--all contact is lost with the planet and colonists. They enlist Ripley and the colonial marines to return and search for answers. Follows the choices made by three young women - one a drug dealer, one an addict, one a pregnant teen - in Jersey City. A  look back at the Saw series of films. Sacrifice is the story of consultant surgeon, Tora Hamilton, who moves with her husband, Duncan, to the remote Shetland Islands, 100 miles off the north-east coast of Scotland. Deep in the peat soil around her new home, Tora discovers the body of a young woman with rune marks carved into her skin and a gaping hole where her heart once beat. Ignoring warnings to leave well alone, Tora uncovers terrifying links to a legend that might never have been confined to the pages of the story-books. Sally realises that she is at risk of being sent to an orphanage when her only relative, her grandmother falls ill. She determines to have an impact on her destiny by finding a way towards self sufficiency, and realises along the way that community and friends are a part of personal success. When businessman Jack Morgan is asked to be a speaker at an FFA event in his home town, he soon realizes the challenge of protecting his name, his town and the entire agriculture industry. Oddsockeaters are small invisible creatures, responsible for socks that go missing when we only have one left from a pair. But unlike them, Seed's gang wants to have a pair. In the end, they began their fight between two sets of values. Operation Christmas List (2016) TV-Y | 1h 28min | Family | 10 December 2016 (USA) 12-year-old Barney is on a mission to get what he really wants for Christmas this year. He hatches a plan to beat the Christmas rush and buy the entire stock of the most sought after gift, ... A poor aspiring filmmaker juggles between intermittent assistant director-work and distributing flyers on the street. He marries a Thai woman who moves in with him without a decent wedding. She struggles to adjust to life in Korea, learning Korean while searching for work. Unfortunately things are not so easy, and her husband's dream of becoming a filmmaker just seems like a mirage. The man breaks his wife's heart when he brings her recycled clothes from a female filmmaker friend or accepts a TV network friend's request to shoot him for a program introducing the daily life of an assistant director who has no hope of breaking into the business. His wife is ashamed that their life is considered miserable and that their poor state will be broadcast on national TV, nevertheless the man takes no account of her feelings. She cannot take it anymore and declares she is returning to Thailand. Albert Ross was the most ambitious little boy in the world until an 11 year old girl broke his heart. Now he's grown up to be an embittered dentist, he's done nothing, gone nowhere AND he has a step-mother from hell. One day he suffers a mysterious accident - and suddenly finds that whatever he dreams comes true. Suddenly a whole new life opens up for him... 'Salt Mango Tree' explores certain systems at work in the current educational and social establishments and how aspirations are high to climb the haloed social ladder of the expected norm. Set against the lush backdrop of rural Laos, this spirited drama tells the story of scrappy ten-year-old Ahlo, who yearns to break free from his ill-fated destiny. After his village is displaced to make way for a massive dam, Ahlo escapes with his father and grandmother through the Laotian outback in search of a new home. Along the way, they come across a rocket festival that offers Ahlo a lucrative but dangerous chance to prove his worth. Judah Ben-Hur, a Palestinian Jew, is battling the Roman empire at the time of Christ. His actions send him and his family into slavery, but an inspirational encounter with Jesus changes everything. He finally meets his rival in a justly famous chariot race and rescues his suffering family. In desperate need of extra high school credits, Jessie agrees to tutor young Tommy Faber, but when the timid 14-year-old insists he hasn't left Veronica's mansion in more than half a century, Jessie knows that something's amiss.  For The Love of Christmas follows Bryson, a devoted husband with a strong desire to have children, and Sunday, a once loving wife, who at some point has lost touch with peace, love and the gift of giving. But when a homeless family appears on their doorstep, bearing nothing but the true meaning of love, Sunday's heart is reacquainted with the vows that once held their marriage together. After an accident causes Robo-Dog to get lost and lose his memory, he is taken in by a new family. Tyler enlists the help of Barry as they scour the town in search of their missing robotic best friend. Young spirited Nanda Sen leaves his city home and luxury of urban life to join as the village Postmaster of Plassey where his life was comforted with the service of orphan low-caste housemaid Ratna and his only friend there school teacher Rabibabu. Ratna's charm appealed to him and Nanda married her against society and family. Succumbed to his father's last wish to marry a suitable match, Nanda landed in a crisis and escaped his desired family life. Nanda couldn't overcome this sin and finds solace in the next life. Fabian Bom has been sent by the Export Association to promote Swedish export to Spain. He travels with the navy's cruiser to Barcelona, but his jealous fiancee Gullan has followed him in secret to keep an eye on him. In Barcelona the usually strict and virtuous Bom is surrounded by the local women and has a ball. He meets the young and zestful Linnea from Sweden. Plot by Mattias Thuresson. Jessica Darling - a smart, witty, opinionated girl heading into 7th grade - was never too concerned about where she'd fit in the middle school hierarchy. But before her first day of school, her older sister -- the super popular Bethany, now in college--decides to help out by giving her the "It List"--a cheat sheet on how to navigate the middle school maze and rise to the top of the popularity chain. The instructions appear simple enough to follow, but, like life, nothing is as easy as it seems. A spooky horror anthology for boils and ghouls of all ages! Documentary revealing just how dangerous too much fat is to our most vital internal organs. The programme follows a specialist pathology team as they conduct a post-mortem on the body of a 17-stone woman whose body was donated to medical science. Their findings, as they dissect the body and its organs, are startling, exposing the devastating impact of obesity with stunning visuals and fascinating medical facts.  Morbid obesity reduces life expectancy by an average of nine years and is blamed for over 30,000 deaths in the UK every year. With 65 per cent of people already overweight or obese, this extraordinary film is a powerful contribution to the debate about fat, food, lifestyle and how the health service will cope with the growing obesity crisis. Takeo (Saburo Ishikura) works as an artisan of Echizen Washi (traditional hand papermaker). Since his wife passed away, Takeo has not been close with other people due to his bad temper. He collapses due to a brain tumor and half of his body becomes weaker. Due to his poor health, Takeo needs someone to help him. Yona (Kim Kkobbi) from South Korea comes to Fukui Prefecture and begins to work as his helper.  Initially, Takeo and Yona do not get along due to their strong personalities and different backgrounds, but their relationship changes. - AsianWiki Vampire sisters Silvania and Daka try to rescue their baby brother, a half-vampire, from the clutches of the evil vampire queen Antanasia, who wants to crown him as her heir. Two high school misfits join forces in an attempt to overtake the local school board. Guided by their families, they enter the perilous word of politics and, in the process, learn a thing or two about love. Making music means everything for the shy Zoe. But since her father left, she never played guitar again. When she is hit by the bus from Mik, superstar Bieber size, sparks fly allthough she is not a fan at first. Off course, people around the two love birds dont exactly cooperate to make things work... Film about young drifters in Chonqing, China. A divorced mother looks to protect her daughter after an unexpected tragedy. Thomas Ittikkora is dead. Family and friends gather at his home for the pre-funeral ceremonies. A young man's family torn apart by tragedy reaches out to begin rebuilding trust and seek healing by through the only thing that speaks through pain; the healing power of music. Schoolteacher Yohei is married to Miyoko. For the first time in 25 years they begin to live by themselves when their son marries and moves out. Then Yohei discovers that all's not well in his marriage. A heart-warming family film about one girl's dream of dancing in the lead and realizing the only way to do it, is believing that you can. The Club of St. Nicholas is surprised when Amerigo, the horse of St. Nicholas, can suddenly talk. They want to discover how this is possible, but before they can find out how this has happened, villain Jef Vandenaere steals the horse. He is hoping to win a talent contest with it. But St. Nicholas' eve can't continue without Amerigo! Will the Club, with the help of Stijn, succeed in finding the horse back on time? And can St. Nicholas' eve still be celebrated this year? Why do dogs bark at such innocent creatures as pigeons and squirrels... what are they afraid of? This film answers that eternal question. Over the two and half years that he spent in the Casa de Santo Antonio in Lisbon, Philippe Costantini followed the arrivals and departures of very young mothers, from their pregnancy through to the first years with their child. At the centre of this small community of teenagers and their new-borns, the exclusively female staff see to it that the residents, whose family situations are chaotic, obey the rules. Keeping off-screen an often-mentioned violence, the film focuses on the daily lessons in mothering. What then emerges is everything that cannot be taught and which creates a fine dividing line between having a child and becoming a mother. Follow TGR's modern day athletes on this cinematic voyage through Alaska's awe-inspiring expanse, rich history, and colorful characters. Watch as the TGR crew ventures from AK training grounds Jackson Hole, WY, and Pemberton, BC, and delves deep into the Alaskan way of life during a record snowfall year in AK, skiing terrain most of us only dream about.  On Location: Jackson Hole, WY / Valdez, AK / Haines, AK / Anchorage, AK / Whittier, AK / Northern Chugach, AK / Valdez Heli Ski Guides / Alyeska Resort / SEABA Heli / Alaska Heli Skiing / Girdwood, AK / Pemberton, BC Good-natured astronomer Sam is devastated when the love of his life, Linda, leaves him for a suave Frenchman named Anton. He therefore does what every other normal dumpee would do; go to New York and set up home in the abandoned building opposite his ex-girlfriend's apartment, intent on winning her back and waiting until she decides to leave her current lover. 4-years-old Elizabeth was born in the family of former ballet dancers and she has spent mosto of her life in the ballet with her parents. She knows all the member of the Estonia Ballet company by their names and knows all the performances by heart as she has seen them so many times.  Elizabeth loves, or to be exact, adores ballet, but would it be like this if she had other choices? This is little Elizabeth's journey in the magical world of ballet, where real life meets illusion and fairytales may come true. A dokumentation about the owners of a restorant located at the Bavarian autobahn B12. As a child, Ono Tsubasa saw a Shirato baseball game on TV and was amazed at the Trumpet player in the band playing. Now, in order to play the Trumpet, she enters Shirato High School. There, she meets Yamada Daisuke, a catcher for the baseball team. With each others support, they go towards their dream of playing at Koushien. A young girl and her two friends from the exceptionally strange land of Oddsville make plans to celebrate Christmas together, but when she is late to pick them up from the train station, the pair wander out on their own leading to a delightful series of hilarious mishaps, inventions, and flights of fancy - until they find their little friend, who finally shows them the true meaning of Christmas. After 15 years of living as computer data, Ultraman has finally found a suitable human being, Daichi Oozora, to use the XDevizer and regain his Ultra warrior form -- thus becoming Ultraman X, ally of the monster-fighting science patrol XIO. X quickly finds his hands full, though, when a greedy treasure hunter accidently breaks an ancient seal of the Baradhi ruins, unleashing the imprisoned monster Zaigorg.  Even with Christmas around the corner, for the Buckley boys, payback almost always wins out over brotherly love. That is until the four brothers join forces against a common adversary--the Hagbarts, the meanest bullies at their middle school. But now Mom has decided that the Buckley family is going to Elve the Hagbarts this year for Christmas. Eleven-year-old Matthew can hardly stand it. By day the Hagbarts torture the Buckley brothers into submission, and by night the Buckleys secretly deliver Christmas treats and gifts to their sworn enemies. Soon the war of wits escalates to an incredible scheme designed to get the ultimate revenge on the Hagbarts. But now that Matthew has been learning that he's supposed to be good to those who hate him, what will he do when a little push becomes a great big shove? 16-year-old Kelly quits an elite gymnastics program and moves to Australia. To help out a new friend and show up an old rival she re-enters competitive gymnastics, she'll have to find a way to move forward while making amends with her past.  Rauf hopes to win over his big crush, the older Zana, with the help of the colour pink. But what does pink really look like anyways, and will he even be able to find it in his snowy little Kurdish village up in the mountains? Meanwhile, disturbing rumours sweep in from the outside world. The frustrated parents of two hyperactive kids realise the key to unlock their kids' potential lies in them accepting the kids' exuberant nature, thanks to an understanding doctor and his teacher wife. 2000 organisms in 514 living cells form a coral reef made of concrete and steel. Portrait of an invisible city. All JT wants is his freedom and a cigarette. But these are hard times: the steakhouse just fired him, his car broke down, he's broke. So when his buddies plan to rob the steakhouse - to steal the meat - it sounds like a good idea. What could go wrong? Relationship Therapist, Dr. Jill Peterman, had the highest-rated call-in radio show when her world was pulled out from under her following the on-air suicide of a female caller named Alexis. Shaken to her core, Dr. Jill walked away from her show vowing she would never go back. That is until Stuart, the station's General Manager, pleads with her to reboot the show in an effort to bring followers back to the station. Still haunted by what happened, Jill agrees to help her friend out and believes this will be the perfect remedy to put her year-long anxiety to rest. As Jill starts to settle back into her show, mysterious call-ins start happening forcing her to believe there could be a copy-cat out there. What Jill begins to uncover is a web of secrets and lies stemming from the mysterious voice she has come to know as Alexis.  A playboy finds himself in a spot of bother when he falls in love with the right girl. Goofy's building a house, and struggling with the blueprints, the window glass, the paint, and finally the house-warming guests. A small government school in a Kerala district experiences a sudden change in its students and teachers as mysterious questions about specific students appear in different spots of the school. Appa, a veteran theatre actor who has primarily worked in adaptations of Shakespeare's plays, falls upon hard times in his old age. Ostwind and Mika have found a real home at the farm Kaltenbach with Mika's grandmother. In the hustle of running therapy center and due to Mika's fame as a horse-whisperer, she feels that she doesn't have enough freedom and time to ride. After a serious disagreement with her grandmother, Mika secretly sets off for the night in eastern Andalusia, Spain, where she suspects Ostwind's roots are. Zombillenium, the Halloween theme park, happens to be the one place on earth where real monsters can hide in plain sight. When Hector, a human, threatens to disclose the true identity of his employees, the Vampire Park Manager has no other choice but to hire him. To see his daughter, Hector must escape from his Zombies and Werewolves coworkers. The true story of the most decorated dog in American military history -- Sgt. Stubby -- and the enduring bonds he forged with his brothers-in-arms in the trenches of World War I. 17-year-old Sami has an accident which resulted in him reluctantly sent to closed psychiatric hospital. Sami refuses to speak or show his feelings, even when the nurse Taneli is trying everything in order to understand how the crash really happened. While Sami's and his roommate's Rude's eccentric friendships gradually increases, the truth of past events begin to unravel. Ghang-gheng, the ancient winner-take-all competition in which the deadliest fighters from around the world employ the most spectacular feats of martial arts skills ever displayed in order to win the prized Golden Dragon. But fighting prowess alone will not be enough for Chris to triumph over such daunting foes. A veteran rancher and former sheriff, forced to face some federal bureaucracy when an old enemy-cum-millionaire alleges he doesn't actually own his beloved family ranch in a small Texas town. When the nine year old Isra goes on a school trip, she winds up in a magical library. There, she finds out that a young boy is held captive in one of the books. In an attempt to save the boy, she starts an adventurous journey into a magical world. On the Wave is the first Russian surfing documentary that illustrates the beauty of surfing, both as a sport and as a life philosophy. This stunning documentary demonstrates how a person can fight their doubts and fears, unleashing their desire to break free and reconnect with nature and with the ocean. Peter Parker and his friends go on a summer trip to Europe. However, they will hardly be able to rest - Peter will have to agree to help Nick Fury uncover the mystery of creatures that cause natural disasters and destruction throughout the continent. In 1952 Rose Miller returns to her rural hometown of Beresford, South Dakota to care for her ailing mother. Once there, she falls in love with a deaf man and must decide if she has the courage to follow her heart. The story of a young girl Tina who believes in her aunt's forecasts which is affecting all her life. She is not getting married, waiting for her hidden half Sharmin to come. Mitti Na Pharol Jogiya is a Punjabi film directed by Avtar Singh, Starring Kartar Chemma, Aman Grewal, Japtej Singh and more. Movie Produced under banner Ram Avtar Art Film. The story of the film revolves around the emotions of love and anger with an impact of partition on common life. 12-year-old Ali lives an austere life in the Anatolian countryside. He's saving up his hard-earned money for his big dream: a brand-new, blue bicycle. When Elfi, the girl he is secretly in love with, becomes the victim of a great injustice at school, Ali takes up the passionate fight for democracy and against a system stuck in its ways. Roberto is in the edge to become a father for the first time. He was already dreaming of the years yet to come, wondering how his son would be. While trying to figure out how to act like a father he must also face and endure a tough reality - to be a Down syndrome child's dad. Insecure and ashamed of the situation he will have to confront and overcome it. In the future, a strange fungus has changed nearly everyone into a thoughtless, flesh-eating monster. When a scientist and a teacher find a girl who seems to be immune to the fungus, they all begin a journey to save humanity. A young father takes his nine year old son, the family dog, and two of his son's friends backpacking in the mountains of Colorado only for all five of them to be struck by lightning. Dolores and Gunellen live together in a house with a small garden. They need each other to balance their lives. Gunellen's straightforwardness and curiosity makes Dolores let go a bit of her need for order, and Dolores' urge to "tell-all-about-how-every-thing-works" and follow routines helps Gunellen organizer her life. But one day, Gunellen says that she wants to see the world. Dolores does not want her to go! Two sisters Tae and Yo come back to their old house which is soon to be torn down. Clearing up the family mementos, Tae finds a red box full of recipes and letters written by their mother who died 20 years ago. In these recipes and letters, she finds out how her mother had struggled in her life due to relocation from Japan to Taiwan, the death of her Taiwanese husband, and a battle with cancer. Tae travels to Taiwan to trace her mother's past, reminiscing about the dishes she made for the family. Is the fun story of Ricardo, an amateur comedian who tries to reach the fame by doing stand up comedy in Bogota bar's. He's heart broken because his girlfriend ended their relationship and is now with an older and richer man. With two friends, he decides that he must pretend to be someone of better social class in order to emerge in Colombian society. So Ricardo pretends to be a millionaire in social networks. But the problem begins when he meets and felt in love with Margarita, who believes he is the owner of a radio stations network. Saladin, the first sultan of Egypt and Syria, leads the Muslim military campaign against the invading Christians from Europe during the Third Crusade. A counterterrorism specialist is assigned by the President to track down a terrorist who is suspected of planning to set off a nuclear device in the U.S. James is a hardworking filmmaker in advertising and his girlfriend Alice works in banking. Against their parent's wishes, the two marry and the movie revolves around the misunderstandings between them caused by their busy lifestyles. Things take a turn when James meets with a freak car accident. Follows seemingly unrelated people as their lives begin to intertwine while they fall in - and out - of love. Affections languish and develop as Christmas draws near. During the final weeks of a presidential race, the President is accused of sexual misconduct. To distract the public until the election, the President's adviser hires a Hollywood producer to help him stage a fake war. An intergalactic dog pilot from Sirius (the dog star), visits Earth to verify the rumors that dogs have failed to take over the planet. Mrs. Geng is a simple mother who raised two children on her own. Her son makes his way to the city and offers to have her come live with him and his family. Despite the improved material conditions of the city, Mrs. Geng cannot help feeling isolated and lonely. It takes some time for her children to understand how she feels. Portraying the customs and traditions of a village set in the breathtaking landscape of rural Bulgaria, Zhaleika subtly tells the tale of a young woman's emancipation. Nikos is a master of funeral ceremonies (that's undertaker to you and me) who doesn't expect much from life. After drunkenly insulting a diplomat at a party, weird things begin to happen for Nikos. The news that a mysterious stranger offended the hated Deputy Prime Minister galvanizes the political elite assembled at the banquet, and a rumor that Nikos can take care of anything spreads like wildfire, making him an idol of the masses. Jack and Caroline are a couple making a decent living When Jack suddenly loses his job. They agree that he should stay at home and look after the house while Caroline works. It's just that he's never done it before, and really doesn't have a clue...  The reinvigorated elderly group that left Earth comes back to visit their relatives. Will they all decide to go back to the planet where no one grows old, or will they be tempted to remain on Earth? A couple of children from Portobelo Colon discover the musical genre "Calypso". In an attempt to regain their identity, and despite the apathy of some towards their culture and roots, they begin rehearsing for the grand opening gala, where new generations of calypsonians will be presented. Spark, a teenage monkey and his friends, Chunk and Vix, are on a mission to regain Planet Bana - a kingdom overtaken by the evil overlord Zhong. Examining the collaboration of accomplished mathematicians and math educators with children and teachers in the Navajo educational system. "As the problems of the world become more and more complex, the solutions become clear and simple."  One Australian family spend their life savings and travel to the USA, spending 4 years documenting a style of farming that will help change the fate of humanity!  Set amidst the stunning Shenandoah Valley in northern Virginia, 'Polyface Farm' is led by the "the world's most innovative farmer" (TIME) and uses no chemicals and feeds over 6,000 families and many restaurants and food outlets within a 3 hour 'foodshed' of their farm.  'Polyfaces' is a joyful film about connecting to the land and the community. Produced over 4 years it follows the Salatin's, a 4th generation farming family who do 'everything different to everyone else' as they produce food in a way that works with nature, not against it. Using the symbiotic relationships of animals and their natural functions, they produce high quality, nutrient-dense products. The life of a father and son and their life experience when son tries to breakup with his lover. Filled with stories of Aladdin's magic lamp, the gang starts rubbing every lamp in sight in hopes of finding the one with the magic. A series of coincidences leads the gang to think they've found the magic lamp, and a helpful vaudeville magician augments the illusion. After Spanky decides to wish that Stymie's little brother Cotton was a monkey, an escaped chimpanzee shows up and frightens Cotton away. The gang believes the wish has come true and mayhem ensues as they try to keep the police from shooting the runaway simian. BOY MEETS GIRL is a funny, tender, sex positive romantic comedy that explores what it means to be a real man or woman, and how important it is to live a courageous life not letting fear stand in the way of going after your dreams. A migrant tale of sisterhood and music celebrating unconventional friendships and the power of diversity. Through deserted Scandinavian landscapes, a robot monk follows a little red man. Only when they find a wounded teddy bear do they have a common goal. Bruno, 19 years old, has not begun his sexual life. He feels guilty about his brother's death and one of his exgirlfriends, who happens to be his first love, is back in town to help him out. A legendary and friendly creature named Nessie lives happily in a small pond with her friend MacQuack, a rubber duck. When a rich developer takes the pond and land surrounding it to build a miniature golf course, Nessie is forced to search for a new home. Hope Douglas has a dream but her parents have thrown her into battle between playing sports and dancing ballet. When a tragedy strikes, Hope has to make a difficult choice that will decide her fate - which way does she go? Peppa and her school friends take a trip to the mountains, where she and her classmates have fun hearing echoes, having a picnic, and singing their favorite tune on the bus ride home -- the "Bing Bong Song." Back at school, Peppa attends gym class, acts in the school play, participates in sports day, and much more. Young viewers will love these hilarious adventures filled with lots of snorts, laughter, sunshine, and of course, jumping in muddy puddles. Chalk n Duster is an emotional journey of two teachers Vidya ( Shabana Azmi) &amp; Jyoti ( Juhi Chawla) , serving at a Mumbai - based High School. Their passion and love for teaching, bonds them in a special relationship with their students. Their gratification is good grades, moral values they strive to impart to students After Ivan lost a lot of money to the criminal boss Franco he must work for him. First task is to guard the apartment where young girl Nika from Ukraine is forced to work as a prostitute. When a charming NRI girl falls in love with a wealthy businessman, she unwittingly sparks conflict within his large joint family. How will her lover find a way to marry her, while still ensuring that his large family remains happy and harmonious? It narrates the story of two grandmothers in the backdrop of their children, families, and an old age home. Set in a five star Tokyo hotel on New Year's Eve, the film follows the misadventures of various hotel staff and guests in the run-up to midnight. The plot involves numerous characters, the different problems or situations they face in the run-up to midnight, and the ways that these different storylines interact and are resolved. The film is reminiscent of the Hollywood screwball comedies of 1930s and 1940s, and explicitly references the 1932 film Grand Hotel, whose plot also followed the interlinked lives of various characters in a fictional hotel over a short period. Written and directed by Tearepa Kahi (Mt Zion) and starring Maaka Pohatu (The Modern Maori Quartet, Two Little Boys) the film tells the story of musician Dalvanius Prime and the origin of the song "Poi E", a ground-breaking fusion of 1980s pop and traditional Maori music. "Poi E", composed by Dalvanius and Ngoingoi Pewhairangi and performed by the Patea Maori Club, remains the only song in Te Reo Maori to reach No 1 in the charts, over 30 years since its 1984 release.  The story is set in 1947, following a long-retired Holmes living in a Sussex village with his housekeeper and rising detective son. But then he finds himself haunted by an unsolved 50-year old case. Holmes' memory isn't what it used to be, so he only remembers fragments of the case: a confrontation with an angry husband, a secret bond with his beautiful but unstable wife. Wake up Singh is a family drama about the increasing culture of drugs in the youth of Punjab. Gursevak Singh belongs to a religious upper class Sikh family who lives the life of an ideal son and is popular amongst his friends in college. The Dragon Ring is an italian film of two parts. It's about Desideria, the dragon king's daughter and Selvaggia, her adopted and magical sister. To get the dragon ring after the death of her father, Desideria needs to marry, but she can't find a husband, so Selvaggia sees her chance to get the ring with all its powers. In China, most families have difficulties facing their lesbian, gay, bisexual and/or transgender (LGBT) children. They have to contend with common social beliefs that homosexuality is shameful, abnormal, a perverted condition caused by deviant family relationships. Many parents see their kids as their property, and fathers often assert their authority to ensure that no harm comes to the family reputation. The documentary 'Papa Rainbow' features six Chinese fathers who talk openly and freely about their experiences with their LGBT children. Speaking out against discrimination and stigma, they redefine what it means to protect a household. They fully embrace their kids for who they are, and become pioneer activists fighting for an equal and diverse society. In 1997 the close-knit Anderson family vanished from their home without a trace. No bodies were ever found and no explanation satisfied curiosity. For 17 years the house has remained undisturbed...until now. This eerily expert frightener is further enlivened by terrific performances from 'Suits'/'Arrow' star Neal McDonough and SILENT HILL/THE TALL MAN/TIDELAND's Jodelle Ferland. When Canterlot Highschool goes on a trip to Camp Everfree, they're surprised to find a magical force is causing strange things to happen around camp. With the help of the Mane 6 and especially Sunset Shimmer, Twilight Sparkle must confront the dark "Midnight Sparkle" within herself  and embrace her newfound magical abilities to save the camp. A giant whale appears and flies above Sakura New Town. With the whale's sound of crying, some changes occur to Kenta Amano and Yokai. After their parents were killed in a mysterious car accident, Emily and her younger siblings moved to a small Louisiana town. Soon strange things start to happen, giving the siblings the feeling that they're being watched. The story of how one song 'Champa Battambang,' a song made famous by Sinn Sisamuth (the King of Khmer Music), plays a role in the lives of three different generations. 15-year-old Kelly has a secret that she won't be able to keep for much longer. An outcast's relationship with her new summer friend is put to the test when the school year begins. Barbie is a cosmic princess who flies high on her hoverboard through a far-off universe with her adorable and devoted pet sidekick, Pupcorn. One day, everything changes when the twinkling stars start to dim and slow their dance in the sky. Barbie travels to a beautiful new planet to join a special rescue team on a mission to save the stars. Once there, she teams up with a group of talented new friends who work together to save the galaxy through exciting hoverboarding adventures. Barbie soon discovers that if she listens to her heart, and with the help of her friends, she might be the leader the whole universe has been waiting for! A prestigious Stockholm museum's chief art curator finds himself in times of both professional and personal crisis as he attempts to set up a controversial new exhibit. A family believes they are aliens from other planets and tries to save Earth from impending calamity. Creator Olan Rogers recounts his personal journey in bringing his space opera comedy series, Final Space, to life. During the autumn holidays, Casper and Emma are going on an exciting camping adventure in the Norwegian wilderness, but when Casper plays matchmaker there is bound to be trouble! De sa naissance a sa rencontre avec Veronique, en passant par ses premieres amours, les annees disco, ses premiers pas sur scene, Franck Dubosc revient sur sa vie et ses amours... A young spitfire cowgirl, and her coolheaded Native American friend, race a gang of neighborhood bullies to find a mysterious treasure supposedly having mystical powers. A young girl is transported into a magical world of gingerbread soldiers and an army of mice.  In Disney's magical take on the classic The Nutcracker, Clara wants a one-of-a-kind key that will unlock a box holding a priceless gift. A golden thread presented at her godfather's holiday party leads her to the coveted key--which promptly disappears into a strange and mysterious parallel world. There Clara encounters a soldier, a gang of mice and the regents of three magical Realms. But she must brave the ominous Fourth Realm, home to the tyrant Mother Ginger, to retrieve her key and return harmony to the unstable world. Tim's parents start a hotel business on the coast. Their dream comes true, but Tim is less excited. Moving, a new school, new friends, hopefully: he is not sure what to expect. Next, he discovers a frozen man in the basement. When he comes to, it turns out to be a spy who had a thrilling adventure there thirty years ago. Together, they try to find out what happened back then, while new mysteries keep piling up. Competitive athletes over age 80 barnstorm the US in pursuit of a National Championship title in tennis. What happens when you bring gender training to an elementary school? In Creating Gender Inclusive Schools the Peralta Elementary School in Oakland, CA demonstrates the power of an open and honest conversation about gender. Carpenter Andersen and Santa Claus makes a deal which saves Christmas for them both. As a struggling artist, Max is not allowed to pay attentions to a girl by her father. Max decides to win by persistency, and it is a case where persistency meets obstinacy to come off victorious. The artist is required to follow the father and daughter through the Alps. He finally gets the old man's promise to give his consent to the marriage in payment for his rescue. A young boy living in a remote village in the Andes Mountains dreams of becoming shaman. God lives in Brussels. On earth though, God is a coward, with pathetical morals and being odious with his family. His daughter, Ea, is bored at home and can't stand being locked up in a small apartment in ordinary Brussels, until the day she decides to revolt against her dad...  This video sheds light into the nature of love, relationships, the "New Age" movement, reality-creation, quantum physics, objectivity vs. subjectivity and how it all relates to the topics of "conspiracy theories", psychopathy, and the importance of holistic self-work. Tora-San, an itinerant peddler who is thrown out of his father's house twenty years before but reconnects with his aunt, uncle and sister Sakura. Tora wreaks some havoc in their lives, like getting drunk and silly at a marriage meeting and ruining Sakura's chance to marry someone, as well as just being a real pain to those around him. There is a sentimental side to him also, and the best way to describe him is that he grows on you. The movie deals with a guy who gets to join the German Bundeswehr involuntarily because a colleague loses his denial papers in order to get the chance to get down on his girlfriend. When entering the Bundeswehr he acts like a giant idiot and of course gets in one room with some of the biggest losers around. The loser turns out to be a hero and leads his loser-colleagues to win a contest with the local US army squad. A young man embodies the pride of living in Ambarsar.  A Punjabi village undergoes a makeover to welcome a child born abroad. Growing up isn't easy, especially for Zach who is rapidly making the transition from boyhood to manhood, in both the modern world and his ancient culture. The life of 14-year-old Lilith is similar to that of a normal teenager, but there is a peculiarity: she is the daughter of the devil and lives with him in hell. Because she is totally bored there and also wants to have fun and explore the world, she makes a pact with her father: she is allowed to go to earth for a week - but she has to convert a good person to evil there. If she succeeds in this challenge, she may stay on earth forever, otherwise she'll be waving a hell of a boring job in the bookkeeping of the underworld. At the age of 12, Janny, Lisa, Debby and Michelle leave their home for a sports school in the East German province to become wrestlers. A documentary about coming-of-age between boarding school corridors, wrestling gyms and boy band posters. It's the last day of school and 14 year-old Grace (aka "Twinkle Toes") has been dreaming of the ultimate summer vacation with her best friends, Sporty Shorty and Jordan. But when Twinkle Toes' Dad gets a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to direct a Broadway musical, Twinkle Toes is swept from her small-pond suburban life and thrown in the hustle and bustle of New York City for the summer. As Twinkle Toes learns the ins-and-outs of the Big Apple and Broadway, she impresses the show's choreographer and is invited to be a part of the show's cast alongside the teenage starlet, Olivia Conners. But when Twinkle Toes gets a taste of the Broadway limelight, the chance for stardom overwhelms Twinkle Toes and the show is ruined! To make things right, Twinkle Toes must use all her creativity, smarts, and dancing skills to help her new friends and save the show! A window into the broken soul of Bruce, battling long-term depression and the culmination of events leading up to the tipping point of his bottled up shame, guilt, and self-destruction. After a chance phone call leads to daily conversations, a widowed restaurant owner and a lonely film actor plan to finally meet in person. A young girl struggles after a traumatic horse riding accident causes her to lose her eyesight. CHARLES, the head trainer of Southeastern Guide Dogs, trains Apple, a miniature horse, to be her companion and surrogate eyes. An International student, male protagonist Uday (Uday), comes to Canada from India. He falls in love with the female protagonist Samskruthi (Sapna), who hails from an Indian immigrant family and grew up in Canada. The male protagonist's personality is not in-line with the female protagonist, since they grew up in distinct cultural environment. The female protagonist faces cultural difference with her parents at home as well. The male protagonist comes to know that she is already in a relationship, which makes the male protagonist heart-broken. Later, the female protagonist faces a break-up and the male protagonist helps her come out of depression, which makes her fall in love with him. He also helps clear out differences with her parents. Both, the male and female protagonist, find a balance within their cultural values and decide to get married, hence the movie has a happy ending. After he did some jobs for CIA, ex-marine John Shale is visiting his high school love Jane. She's now a teacher in Columbus High School in Miami. Soon after his arriving Jane has her knee cap broken while jogging. After that, John decides to go undercover as her substitute in high school. Very soon he finds out that gang named Kings of Destruction are terrorizing the school. Joy and her family fly to help her mother-in-law Loraine with the difficult move from her home in Louisville, Kentucky 600 miles away to a retirement community near the family in Savannah, Georgia. But after a mixed-up flight reservation, Joy reluctantly agrees to take the trip in Loraine's Oldsmobile. Despite their many differences with adventures at every turn and trapped in the car together, they both discover they each may be the best friend they never knew they needed. And realize the love of family is all you need to bridge life's many seasons. Hamilton A. Vaughn a former promoter, better known as HAV, experiences a life changing incident that catapults him to the forefront of prominent Mission Church. There he meets an old friend Faith; as well as AJ, son of the retiring Bishop, who is less than pleased with the appointment of Hamilton and is determined to oust the new overseer no matter what the costs. Hav Faith is a modern day telling of the story of Joseph; where against all odds, obstacles and over-zealous evildoers; we should always Hav Faith in the Most High God to bring us out. Kaptaan is Latest 2016 indian Punjabi Action Comedy Drama Film,directed By Mandeep Kumar,The star cast of the Film Gippy Grewal, Karishma Kotak, Monica Gill,The film is released on 20 May 2016 A modern day adaptation of the legendary fable of Savitri, Satyavaan and Yamaraj from Mahabharata, one of the major Sanskrit epics of ancient India. The modern day Savitri is adept in martial arts and will do anything to save her husband. Estranged twin brothers - one a con man, the other an Episcopal deacon - accidentally switch places... and find God in the process. 'The only thing that will stop you from fulfilling your dreams is you" People have dreams, but not all of us have the guts to put faith in ourselves. Most of us lose focus and give up. We are most afraid to believe in our own dreams. Those who do are the true winners. This slice of life film is set in the backdrop of our capital city- Delhi. During a mysterious thunderstorm, Vera, a young mother, manages to save a life in danger, but her good deed causes a disturbing chain of unexpected consequences. A film based on the popular children's books by Marjatta Kurenniemi about the exploits of Jill And Joy. Quan is a humble London businessman whose long-buried past erupts in a revenge-fueled vendetta when the only person left for him to love - his teenage daughter - dies in a senseless act of politically-motivated terrorism. His relentless search to find the terrorists leads to a cat-and-mouse conflict with a British government official whose own past may hold the clues to the identities of the elusive killers. A famous actress has a nervous breakdown during a junket for a new franchise film. She asks a complete stranger (who mistakenly thinks he's rented her family's house) to pretend to be her boyfriend for the holidays and spend it with her eccentric family. Dear Dad is a bittersweet coming of age story; involving a father-son duo - 14 year old Shivam, and his 45 year old dad Nitin Swaminathan. The father-son duo embarks on an impromptu road trip from their home, in Delhi, to Mussorie (Uttarakhand), where Shivam attends boarding school. Unexpected confessions, weird strangers, accidental meetings, a drunken escapade and singing in the rain - all these add up to a complicated and sweet tale. Graca is a single mother who works as a massage therapist and lives with her two children: Moreno, 8, and Papoula, 15. One day, in a visit to the doctor, Graca is diagnosed with a brain aneurism that may rupture at any moment. Desperate about who will take care of her kids in the event of her death, she decides to go after her brother, Luiz Carlos, whom she hasn't seen in over 15 years due to a quarrel. When they meet, however, Luiz Carlos has become Gloria, a beautiful and successful transvestite, who now owns a restaurant and brags about being independent. At first, Gloria is unwilling to reconnect with her family; but as she becomes more guilt-stricken, she accepts Graca's invitation to meet her nephews and eventually realizes that maybe, to be complete, she needs to become a mother. It's X-Men meets The Breakfast Club. When five superhero teens are hauled into detention at their secret training academy, they have to work together to stop the sinister Kaelus from stealing all the students' powers. 9-year-old Lan enjoyed the times of being together with his dad who passed away, and Lan has been fighting and skipping classes since. As his life gets harsher, Lan receives a package from his dad who sent it before he died. A story of the 'Have Nots' struggling to survive in a world of 'Haves'. Shot on black and white super 8 film, 'End of Summer' is a hypnotic and slow-burning journey through the austere landscapes of the island of South Georgia and the Antarctic Peninsula. Filmed as a series of mostly static tableaux over a period of 20 days during the waning days of the Antarctic Summer, the film is a startling look at life at the edge of the world. A comedy about two estranged sisters brought back into each other's lives by the impending death of their grandmother. A boy searches for his parents and  is joined by some new friends. On the isolated grasslands of Inner Mongolia, a shepherdess adopts an orphan from the city. Years later after the boy has left to serve in the air force, a well-intentioned white lie gives the elderly shepherdess hope of seeing her adopted son one last time. A sober exploration of this generation's hopes, dreams and fears for themselves and for post-Umbrella Movement Hong Kong. My Life Partner deals with the deep and intricate emotional relationship between two men. The movie narrates the story of two friends-turned-lovers, Richard and Kiran, who were both born and brought up in different cultural backgrounds. Issues crop up when they plan to add a baby to their lives, reinforcing their mutual bond as the Indian law does not allow a man to adopt a child on his own. To find a way around this, Richard, who is a bisexual, marries an orphan, Pavithra. Their life goes topsy-turvy, when Pavithra discovers Richard and Kiran's relationship. Sorehead singer Zhao Liang drifts around all day long. One day he encounters a blind girl Jing Jing who is under control by a criminal scrounger gang. Two boys face an onslaught from witches, monsters, ghouls and a talking dummy after they discover a mysterious book by author R. L. Stine. A story about the power of belief, The Devout follows Darryl Eckford during trying times: his 4-year-old daughter, Abigail, has terminal cancer with weeks to live. Abigail is obsessed with space, and she talks with extraordinary detail of the Apollo 1 space mission. After she admits her former name, Darryl researches the space mission and finds inexplicable coincidences. A devout Christian, Darryl faces a crisis of faith when he begins to believe that his daughter was an astronaut in a former life. This newfound belief instills hope in Darryl, because, if his daughter has lived before, she will live again. He must face his wife, community and his own faith as he seeks out truth, because, if his daughter has lived before, she will live again. Its intriguing story and meticulous direction from Connor Gaston makes The Devout one of the most impressive Canadian independent films of the year. 12-year-old Clara is just like any other girl until one day a mysterious black cat scratches her. Clara soon discovers that she can communicate with the cat and that she belongs to a family of Wild Witches with a strong connection to nature and animals. It turns out that Clara is a very special Wild Witch and that her blood can set free the ancient and evil witch, Bravita Bloodyoung. Together with her mentor aunt Isa and her friends, Kahla and Oscar, Clara must face her destiny and embark on a dangerous journey in order to save herself and the Wild World. Flora is a circus elephant who can no longer perform her tricks. The night before she's scheduled to be euthanized, the circus owner's 14-year old daughter, Dawn, sneaks Flora from the circus. All that stands between them and the safety of the elephant preserve is two hundred kilometers of woods, one raging river, two elephant hunters and the fear of not making it. Europol Agent Tom Brindle is called to Barcelona, Spain, to track down the notorious serial killer known as Pygmalion. A set of fingerprints lead to a young, volatile soldier, Marco Soler. Agent Brindle arrests Marco and intensely interrogates him, convinced that he has his man. Marco has an airtight alibi though and further investigation of the suspect leads Agent Brindle to a shocking discovery. When his aspirations of becoming a champion monkey trainer came crashing down after a freak one wheel bicycle accident, this good humoured young man turned his dab hand to the entertainment industry and he has never looked back. Now an award winning, world class stand up comedian, Trevor Noah?s explosion onto the entertainment scene has been all encompassing, taking on television, radio and obviously his first love, stand up comedy, which he has performed on both local, as well as international stages. Being the astute performer that he is, our man has also very quickly became a favourite in the corporate world as a top class MC. With hobbies that include helping old people 'I have a passion for the aged' he was once quoted as saying, and dabbling in the odd bit of table tennis and darts, this is a man who is right at the cutting edge of modern entertainment. In a war torn country, a female teacher and comic writer lives with her students in a boarding school. To calm horrified children who have no hope in our terrifying world, she keeps telling them a story every night. Stories about her childhood imaginary hero who has become a part of her life. But one night the school is attacked and destroyed so she has to accompany two of her students to find their parents. They start a journey during which she finds some signs of her imaginary hero in real world. Up until that time she thought that man who had become her hero was just a part of her stories but now with these signs, she knows that he's real. She is determined to find him but she has big problem, she knows nothing about him. After 25 years of a good marriage, what will Darcy do once she discovers her husband's sinister secret? Narrated by Academy Award winner Robert Redford, National Parks Adventure takes audiences on the ultimate off-trail adventure into the nation's awe-inspiring great outdoors and untamed wilderness. Immersive IMAX 3D cinematography takes viewers soaring over red rock canyons, hurtling up craggy mountain peaks and into other-worldly realms found within America's most legendary outdoor playgrounds, including Yellowstone, Glacier National Park, Yosemite, and Arches. Celebrate the 100-year anniversary of the national parks with world-class mountaineer Conrad Anker, adventure photographer Max Lowe and artist Rachel Pohl as they hike, climb and explore their way across America's majestic parks in an action-packed expedition that will inspire the adventurer in us all. If It Runs or It Flyes... It Ends at the Pot shows the gastronomic wealth of the people Hnahnu by living with the Cruz Ramirez family. We visit along with them the Mezquital Valley collecting the scarce local flora and fauna as a method of survival. The whole family is involved to create a unique and extraordinary cuisine which respects nature, inherited from pre-Hispanic times. Veteran spin master and street bike enthusiast DJ GQ journeys across the land, searching out the latest and greatest innovations in motorcycle technology and design by visiting the gearheads in shops like Pennsylvania's Tricked Out Custom Cycles. Your host also drops in at C&amp;S Custom, R.I.S. Designs, Headtrip Helmets and the Indianapolis Dealer Expo. Saving the best for last, GQ even shows off his own custom build, the TL1000R. Max, a macho, solitary Rottweiler police dog is ordered to go undercover as a primped show dog in a prestigious Dog Show, along with his human partner, to avert a disaster from happening. Jeffery, a young gay man in New York, decides that sex is too much and decided to become celibate. He immediately meets the man of his dreams and must decide whether or not love is worth the danger of a boyfriend dying. An orphan boy of mixed race finds family with the newly arrived white village doctor in Hawaii. The boy can run like the wind, and begins bringing Doc's medicine to coffee pickers throughout the mountainous region. On an errand, the medicine runner meets the daughter of the plantation owner and a forbidden, young love blossoms like the white "Kona Snow" of the surrounding coffee trees. This documentary features new remarks from Columbus and Williams together. They offer general reflections on the shoot of the film as well as thoughts about how it holds up after all these years. A documentary about the macho owner of an auto wrecking company in Florida who goes into hiding from the law as a woman setting off a bizarre journey of self discovery. Undergoing a risky sex change operation, Gloria becomes a dominatrix, a transgender activist and finds a gender-bending love all while trying to reconcile with her dysfunctional family. The story of a young mother who loses her husband in Afghanistan and struggles to raise their young daughter in his absence. Dusty Rhodes is new at Jefferson High, and she sticks out like a... well, a cowgirl. Dusty is a real cowgirl from Texas. Her parents are in the U.S. Army: her mother a helicopter pilot and her father a Special Forces Army Ranger. At first, Dusty is an outcast, but eventually she makes friends with a group that includes Savanah, a girl whose father was killed while fighting in Iraq three years earlier. Even though Savanah is kind of Goth and Dusty is all cowgirl they have a special connection and they bond. Dusty gets the school to agree to an Equestrian Drill Team and she enlists her new city slicker friends to join the team. As Dusty and the team practice, Dusty deals with the fears that come with her mother fighting in Afghanistan. In this absorbing film, seven independent female Iranian documentary makers take us into their personal and professional world, in an Iran that continues to be punctured by political, social and economic crises. What becomes clear over seven autobiographical chapters, is that choosing to become a documentary maker in Iran is a brave decision, often placing your liberty in danger. These women are driven by the need to document their world, and the forces that continue to restrict their movement and freedom. Whether it is making a film about department stores in Tehran featuring mannequins with severed heads and breasts, or the women singers they used to love as children, who have been banned from radio and TV since the revolution, or the huge swell of hope that comes with each election, these directors provide a rare and incisive view inside contemporary Iran, a country they continue to love, even as they will it to change. The life of a teenage boy is forever altered by a chance encounter with cutting edge military technology. The 1980s snooker rivalry between Alex "Hurricane" Higgins and Steve "The Nugget" Davis, two very different personalities who helped popularise the sport on TV. Three adolescent boys are up to no good when Cao Zi finds out that love, as it turns out, doesn't exist. His mother quickly decides to marry the local successful businessman, Zhu Laosan, after Cao's real father finds himself out of a job. Together with his companions and partners in crime, a sympathetic tough kid (Jiu Yi) and a quirky little boy (Brother Hou), Cao does everything in his power to prevent the marriage from happening. The theme of the film is tribute to the single screen cinema halls that are rapidly becoming rare in India. Pranabendu Das is a retired film exhibitor from a small-town in West Bengal. He owns a movie theatre 'Kamalini' named after his separated wife. With the advancement of technology and the arrival of the digital medium, this man was compelled to let go of his theatre which projected films only on celluloid. Prakash is unperturbed by his father, Pranab's condition. He is an opportunist, who would never give morality a chance while making himself an established businessman. He sells pirated DVDs of feature films in the town. This is a father-son relationship tale weaved through the beautiful backdrop of cinema. Pranab has always maintained himself as a true Cinemawala, whereas, Prakash is also spreading films among the people, but in a way not so acceptable to his father. Oskar's deepest wish is to be able to ride on the prairie with his mother over summer break. But alas, everything turns out differently than expected and the 10-year-old is forced to spend his vacation on his grumpy grandfather's farm. Oskar's only friend is the outsider Levi, who talks with his pony. Together they hatch a plan to get away from their grim reality: they'll row across the Atlantic to America in grandfather's boat! Four young friends are hired to solve the particularly vexing mystery of an ancient haunted castle. Having cut their teeth on previous cases - an abandoned school building and a derelict hotel - "Team Spooky" is surprised to find a common thread behind all three mysteries. Each of the friends is driven by different motivations - whether it's for science, romance or monetary gain - but finding the real ghost is their ultimate goal! A young woman Mianhua ("Cotton") gets a job which she has never done before: to be a full-time caretaker of an old stubborn boxer who suffers from Alzheimer's disease. The old man's son with his later wife lives overseas and almost takes no care of him, and his daughter with his ex-wife hires Mianhua to take care of him - but the daughter distrusts and despises all nannies for "knows only lying, abusing, and taking advantages". Under the same roof, however, the old man and Mianhua start to get along with each other well over time, and he starts to mistake Mianhua as his ex-wife whom he owed a love debt to. All of a sudden, Mianhua finds out that she got pregnant... An orphan boy of mixed race finds family with the newly arrived white village doctor in Hawaii. The boy can run like the wind, and begins bringing Doc's medicine to coffee pickers throughout the mountainous region. On an errand, the medicine runner meets the daughter of the plantation owner and a forbidden, young love blossoms like the white "Kona Snow" of the surrounding coffee trees. Charlie Fitzpatrick is the most successful high school basketball coach in Georgia history. While many of his players think of him as a father, his relationship with his own "bookworm" son, Evan, is strained. With the help of his wife, Laura and Evan's wife, Heather, Charlie determines the best way to connect and bond is to take his son and grandson, Markie, who has just announced he's dropping out of college to tour with his folk band, to a rustic mountain cabin for a weekend retreat. Only this cabin is the same site where he took his many winning teams to test their mettle over a grueling military-style obstacle course, the same one Evan, as a student never got the chance to complete. This is Charlie's idea of fun, Evan's idea of a nightmare, and Markie's idea of-well he's young and idealistic; he's just going with the flow. . Tara and Maya are two inseparable friends in India. Their tastes, habits, and hobbies are the same. Years later, the two have matured, but have maintained their friendship. Tara gets married to the local prince, Raj Singh, who soon succeeds the throne as the sole heir. After the marriage, Raj gets bored of Tara and starts seeking another female to satisfy his sexual needs. He notices Maya and is instantly attracted to her. He has her included as one of his courtesans, and is intimate with her. Watch what happens when Tara finds out and the extent she will go to keep her marriage intact. Donghyun, who works at a real estate office, is surrounded by angry customers due to his boss' disappearance after the greenbelt revocation plan has been cancelled on the land they purchased. When Chef Carl Casper suddenly quits his job at a prominent Los Angeles restaurant after refusing to compromise his creative integrity for its controlling owner, he is left to figure out what's next. Finding himself in Miami, he teams up with his ex-wife, his friend and his son to launch a food truck. Taking to the road, Chef Carl goes back to his roots to reignite his passion for the kitchen -- and zest for life and love. Four crazy antiheroes on the run. Their leader is the unworldly innocent, naive Marnie, a house cat who is not allowed to leave the house and only knows about real life from television Meet Darby (Junior Asparagus), the son of a Kansas floss farmer who, more than anything else in the world, just wants to have fun. When he learns about the Wonderful Land Of Ha's - an amusement park with all the fixin's - and its mysterious Wizard who promises to make his dreams come true, Darby is determined to go. But when his father tells him he's needed to help with the harvest, Darby decides that nothing is going to stop him and he makes a choice that will change his life forever. With his pet dog Tutu by his side, Darby flees the farm and sets off to find the Wonderful Land Of Ha's. Along the way he meets a bored scarecrow (Mr. Lunt), a tin man (Larry the Cucumber) who wants to ride roller coasters and a lion (Pa Grape) that craves cotton candy. Each with their own dreams, they set off to see the Wizard. An unemployed youth dreams of living well. One evening, he finds a drunken industrialist passed out in a gutter, and takes the opportunity to switch places with him. He finds love, intrigue, and the good life in his new home, Pushpak, a hotel where the industrialist was staying. A silent masterpiece.  A story where the magical world of two ten year old friends contrasts with everyday conflicts of working families in the industrial city of Berisso. Lives under political violence A story of children who feel safer in the streets than at home, about children seeking out sturdy lifeboats that cross between the world of fantasy and the harsh reality of life. Jarka is one of these children. Ten years-old, and living with a mother who is not yet ready to be a mom, Jarka spends most of her time alone. Pushed by her desire for love and to form a fully functional family, she finds herself substituting a "mother" to two babies. A stuffed animal shows a little girl that love is a special kind of magic. Jejak Warriors tells the inspirational story of a young teenager's (Wan Raja) journey to meet his favourite football team, The Red Warriors.  Wan Raja's father was The Red Warriors' number one fan until an incident changed his family's life forever. Following his unexpected death, Wan Raja sets out to realise his father's unfulfilled dream which is to get all the players' autographs. Along his journey from Johor Bahru to Kota Bahru to meet the team, he encounters various trials and tribulations but giving up is never an option. Yukina Toriyama (Tao Tsuchiya) enters a university of science after prepping for one year for her entrance exam. At first, she is shocked by the atmosphere at her school. She becomes attracted to senior student Kei (Mahiro Takasugi). Due to Kei, Yukina joins the "human powered flight" club. The club targets the "Tori Ningen Contest." Yukina wants to partner with Kei to fly in the sky, but she is partnered with Sakaba (Shotaro Mamiya) whom she does not like. Canada. The peaceful life of an old lady, in a village on the seaside, is disturbed by a sudden confrontation with the fragility of life. This moment sends her back into her past to seek out the meaning of existence. But the arrival of her niece and her children will all of a sudden fill this gap. The filmmaker says: "My film is an intergenerational love letter between niece and grandmother, an ebb and flow between dreams and reality, between past and present, between the magic of childhood and the encounter with death." Old age, time that flies by. Youth, time that remains slow. Jack and Caroline are a couple making a decent living When Jack suddenly loses his job. They agree that he should stay at home and look after the house while Caroline works. It's just that he's never done it before, and really doesn't have a clue... 12-year-old dreamer Vlad accidentally gets caught in a conflict between two alien forces. Together with an electric transformer box The Bobot, a brave girl and an eccentric scientist he has to save the world from a global catastrophe. With an IQ of 149+, 13-year old Maximilian Janisch is Switzerlands most famous highly gifted child. After passing the final secondary-school examinations in Mathematics at just 9 years old, Maximilian has jumped forward 3 grades and is now attending Mathematical courses at University level. The film follows Maximilian and his parents through their high energy daily life and reflects on what it means to be a child prodigy. A young girl in pursuit of her dreams of becoming a filmmaker against all odds. On a snowy and cold Christmas Eve, Santa Claus accidentally steals the family Dog. So begins an epic journey through the twelve days of Christmas as the family ventures to the North Pole to get their beloved canine back.  Every year the Witching World gathers to celebrate the newly inducted witches into their world. Beatrix (12) is eager to become part of this works, but when her pending magical status is jeopardized she needs the help of her furry best friend Muggs (voiced by Joey Fatone) to solve some magical riddles before the big event. Will Beatrix sink or soar on the night of the Witches' Ball? Kat Abernathy must live up to her family name by attending law school and working for her family practice, until she is challenged to create a second identity for herself in order to pursue, defend and protect her passion as a painter. A family comedy about what happens when dads want to water without their precious halves. Paglu, Amu & Abhi live the lives of each other. They drink, eat & sleep together. Amu is a girl amongst the two guys, though Paglu & Abhi don't treat her like one. Paglu is the one who makes her realize about her feelings and helps her get her love. And Abhi is the rich, kind and classy guy who falls in love every time he meets a weird girl. Life however takes a serious fun turn when one of them falls in love with the other. A re-imagining of the classic tale from the point of view of Wendy Darling, who finds herself lost on a mysterious island where aging and time have come unglued. She must fight to save her family, her freedom and the joyous spirit of youth. 1961. Father and daughter, separated during World War II, are trying to meet in Berlin. He comes to Berlin from Soviet Lithuania, she comes from the USA.  Even if the Berlin Wall has not been built yet, the Cold War is coming close to its apogee. Political and geographical situation, that seemed to be favorable in the beginning, turns out to be deceptive.  After his arrival, the father is looked after by KGB intelligence agents. They, using him as bait, are trying to lure the daughter to the east side. Affected by the citie's atmospehere that's pervated with distrust, she is afraid to cross the West Berlin boundary.  Trying to save each other from the possible trap, father and daughter are ready to give up the idea of the so much desired meeting... A love for a cousin, deeply engraved in childhood. Twelve years later, a stopped heart begins to beat again. A misanthropist ex-hacker is suspected of sabotaging a famous happiness-research facility. He is forced to prove his innocence and stumbles into a wild adventure, during which he involuntarily becomes an idealistic activist, has to deal with strange, possibly supernatural rabbits and his crazy family - and regains a little belief in happiness. Emilia is a suburban kid. She goes to school, lives with her Mom and sometimes her Dad, and her life couldn't be more ordinary. But one day Emilia's pet hamster bites her finger. Emilia gets a secret superpower to transform into Super Furball, who can fly and solve problems with her superpowers. At the same time, the herrings in the nearby Baltic Sea bay are screaming for help because of poisoned water. As the Super Furball, Emilia takes it upon herself to fix the situation and finds ways to be more courageous in her own life. Five movie buffs racing against time, trying to save the only theater in the village from being locked down. Christmas is a busy, busy time for the residents of Green River, particularly for Grace Long, the third generation of her family to steward the New England town's signature Christmas Eve parade. This year's audience for the parade promises to be in the millions, thanks to a national morning show that has chosen Green River as the site of its Christmas Eve day program. 'Familien Jul' is a Danish family film, where Hugo's father hates July Neither elves, men or Christmas gifts can get him in the Christmas mood, and he is most happy when the holidays are over.  Nissen Pixy is therefore quite unfortunate as he stays away from the sleigh and left alone at the family Christmas, but fortunately he soon becomes good friends with Hugo. Along with his siblings Hugo tries to save their new friend, but even if no one believes in elves, they are still difficult mighty hard to hide . This is all about chasing your dreams, no matter what the obstacles. The story involves a young deaf and dumb boy who is crazy about cricket.  Forty years after the Khmer rouge regime: Kim Hak, a young and talented Cambodian photographer looks for a new imaginary of his country. His career starts from some family pictures his mother hid underground before the war and retrieved just after the defeat of the Khmer rouge. Hak's images will take us to a new Cambodia, far from stereotypes. Two souls search for one another from opposite ends of history, with music by the Catalan artist Eli Ningu. The fourth movie about the popular teacher Mees Kees.  Life is a great mystery, much larger than what would have us believe. By listening desires of their discoveries and their inner doubts, three young decided to start a trip on the surface of the Earth. Their encounter with this new world will change their look but above all bring them to discover the possibility of another life... Max is assigned to the White House while Butch, the secret service dog, is on maternity leave. He meets TJ, a 12 year old boy, who is the President's son. Due to his father's high profile, he is trying hard to fit in and lead a normal life. During a state visit by the Russian President and his daughter, Alexandra (Alex), TJ is asked to accompany her, during their stay. TJ befriends Alex, but when they get into trouble, Max comes to the rescue! The film deals with the conflict between a young man and his father; while the latter wants him to take up farming, the guy wishes to work in a bar! A boy is the only family member without superpowers in this Disney Film. The world depends on him saving his family from computerized brainwashers. Will he realize that it doesn't take superpowers to be a hero in time to help them defeat the villains? A young penguin, driven by his instinct, embarks on his first major trip to an unknown destination. When the CIA discovers a cute orphan puppy with amazing telepathic abilities, the powers-that-be in Washington immediately lock him down and plan on forcing the poor dog to become a covert secret weapon. But fate steps in and frees the pint-sized Jack Russel Terrier from government clutches Reproductive right is one of the fundamental human rights. However, the one-child family planning policy placed in China since 1970s has deprived 400 millions of unborn babies till October 2015. The story of Hong-fen is one of those struggles with that policy. On a crossroad between forgiveness and revenge, the audience are asked to make a decision. Through LEE Su-A's life, we wanted to portray the harshness of reality. What choice will the love-lost LEE Su-A make, stuck between despair and hope? Condemned with unfortunate events.. her saving grace is love. People and love. In late nineteenth-century Russia, Martin Avdeitch is a humble shoemaker whose life has been characterized by grief. Martin must find the courage to look outside himself and trust in the goodness of God. This BYUtv original holiday special is based on Leo Tolstoy's short story, "Martin the Cobbler," and stars John Rhys-Davies. Girl of the Big House is a Hong Kong Comedy starring Francis Ng A French air ace discovers that his showgirl wife's first husband is still alive. This is a story about the most famous Indonesian heroine, Kartini. In early 1900 BC, where Indonesia still a colony of Netherlands, women aren't allowed to get higher education, even for royal blood. Kartini grew up to fight all this caste system and fight for equality for women. Odd squad maybe shutting down due to a new team in town the Weird Team. All the previous agents come back and fight with all the new. The story revolves around a boy named Guppy(Master Chethan) who finds his living out of rearing and selling the small fish Guppy. Guppy has this dream of buying an automatic wheel chair for his ailing mother (Rohini). Things gets into turmoil when Engineer Thejus Varkey (Tovino Thomas) comes to the seaside village for the construction of a railway bridge. Many unexpected things occur when a small rivalry starts between Guppy and Engineer. A world wide electrical outage occurs. Everything that requires electricity comes to a stop. Tokyo is nearly ruined. Yoshiyuki Suzuki (Fumiyo Kohinata) decides to escape from Tokyo with his family. When brave elephant Rock (Cary Elwes) sees his wife, Melody (Alexa PenaVega), kidnapped by the powerful human king (Patrick Warburton), the mighty warrior will need some jumbo-sized help from his friends in order to rescue her. Coming to his aid is a quirky, courageous troop of young elephants, including Rally (Carlos PenaVega), and Pugsley (Mikey Bolts), plus the ever-trusty and wacky Wingman (Garrett Clayton) and the kindhearted human queen (Ambyr Childers); this elephant tale filled with dazzling action sequence is one that you'll never forget! The Okee Dokee Brothers embark on a month-long horsepacking trip along The Great Divide. This movie follows their adventure with interviews, music videos, and other shenanigans set in the American West. After her mother's death, six-year-old Frida is sent to her uncle's family to live with them in the countryside. But Frida finds it hard to forget her mother and adapt to her new life. The Great Guys Against a harsh backdrop of gritty spaces, a strict culture, unrequited love, and concealment, each day is an exhausting struggle for Maryam, who has multiple jobs and two children to raise alone. Steadfast emotional privacy has been the key to survival. When one child falls ill, Maryam is forced to let people in, causing long-held secrets to be exposed, revealing previous relationships from a complicated past--and a transgender identity. This honest glimpse into one person's struggles against poverty and prejudice is a reminder of the persistence of life within us all.  Dreaming of a better life, Balong counts the sacks of rice they have left, the money they need, and the little moments that led to an inevitable departure that will leave them all affected. An existing relationship is threatened when a new girl catches a man's eye. Everything seems perfect in life Nada ( Marsha Timothy ) . He has a dream of domestic life , cute kids , and families who have always supported it. Until one day , a tragedy happened to him . The tragedy that not only claimed her soul mate , but also his family and his future . However , the tragedy and then make notes to dare to live and fight for life . This is the story of the struggle for the sake of continuity tone up and future A group of kids, a Shih tzu dog, a wood, a vet, a police officer with his team and the typical gang of bad guys will be the main characters of a funny action movie. ...Without forgetting that there will be almost 30 Shih tzu dogs!! The city needs heroes. Darkness has settled over New York City as Shredder and his evil Foot Clan have an iron grip on everything from the police to the politicians. The future is grim until four unlikely outcast brothers rise from the sewers and discover their destiny as Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. The Turtles must work with fearless reporter April and her wise-cracking cameraman Vern Fenwick to save the city and unravel Shredder's diabolical plan. Arriving at her cousins home in a late eighties Latvia rattled by political turmoil and faced with divorce in her own family, nine year old Paula learns that no matter what the future of her country might bring, family values are of greater significance than anything. The Young Bucks, Nick and Matt Jackson, are quite possibly the best tag team in the world today. Wrestling fans have seen them in big marquee matches around the world. Now for the first time ever you will get a glimpse into the Young Bucks physical and emotional journey to one of those marquee match ups as the Film Maker, James Franck, follows them to New York to wrestle The Hardy Boys.  This documentary explores how personally important this match is to Nick and Matt because The Hardy Boys were the tag team that inspired them to be who they are today. Also, in this piece you will get to see the less than glamorous side of independent pro wrestling and how deeply committed Nick and Matt are to their craft but more importantly their family.  So, sit back and enjoy this very rare in depth look into The Young Bucks physical and emotional journey to one of the biggest matches of their lives. A journey that was, 2 Sweet!  Documentary run-time approx 90-minutes. A mentally disturbed young woman takes a job at a posh country club and falls in with a clique of wealthy college kids where she's taken under the wing of the clique's twisted leader, who harbors some dark secrets too terrifying to tell. Chucky and Tiffany are resurrected by their innocent son, Glen, and hit Hollywood, where a movie depicting the killer dolls' murder spree is underway. Padmini (Manju Warrier) a traditional married woman who goes to Manali, Himachal Pradesh to meet her car rallyist husband Giri (Jinu Joseph). Rani a North Indian bred troublemaker with feminine qualities running away from a rowdy who has posed threat to her life. As fate would have, they meet together and an illustrious journey starts where they are met with pleasantness, happiness, dread and excitement. Toulon, a puppet maker, discovers an ancient Egyptian potion and uses it to bring his creations to life. His puppets become murderous little demons and escape. Distraught, the master takes his life. Years later, psychics tune into the existence of the monstrous marionettes and set off to stop them. An evil kitten known as Adventure Cat needs to get his paws on an ancient bone with magical power in order to take over the universe. It's up to an elite group of space dogs, headed by the intrepid General Ruff, to make sure Adventure Cat doesn't succeed! Scandal Maker is a 2016 Chinese comedy-drama film directed by Ahn Byeong-ki, starring Tong Dawei and Michelle Chen and a remake of the 2008 South Korean film Scandal Makers. In small-town Texas, affable and popular mortician Bernie Tiede strikes up a friendship with Marjorie Nugent, a wealthy widow well known for her sour attitude. When she becomes controlling and abusive, Bernie goes to great lengths to remove himself from her grasp. With the help of their high school's newest teacher, four Hispanic students form a robotics club. Although they have no experience, the youths set their sights on a national robotics contest. With $800 and parts scavenged from old cars, they build a robot and compete against reigning champion MIT. Along the way, the students learn not only how to build a robot but something far more important: how to forge bonds that will last a lifetime. While everyone knows the migration of wildebeest in east Africa, few have paid attention to their predecessors in this long journey: the zebras. Hundreds of thousands of zebras mark the vanguard of the greater movement of ungulates of the African continent, crossing the legendary Mara and  facing terrible dangers. Through two adventures we will know the lights and shadows of this extraordinary journey. The dangers they will face will be just the preamble to major threats, threats that face all species in an ecosystem with a very fragile balance that year after year is dangerously close to destruction Why do things fall to the ground without magic? The young magician's apprentice Limbradur is far more interested in the universe and its secrets than boring magic spells. He is fascinated by the stars, the universe and the laws of nature. So, one night he sneaks into the Albert Einstein Museum, where he meets AlbyX3, a small, clever but rather quirky robot who knows all about Albert Einstein and his theories. Alby takes Limbradur on a magical journey of discovery through time and space, during which they not only uncover the secrets of gravity but also learn much about friendship and imagination. For Limbradur and Alby both have secrets of their own. Three talented teens enter a local competition to be the next big Girl Band. Sirish belongs to a well to do family which is headed by Prakash Raj. Things in his family get disturbed when Srirish's brother loves and marries a middle class girl against his father's will. In this crunch situation, Sirish falls in love with a yet another middle class girl called Anu(Lavanya) and reveals about this to his father. An upset Prakash Raj, gives him a piece of his advice and asks him to back off from the relationship. An adamant Sirish, challenges his father that he will win his love by not using his family name. In this process, he woos Anu and right when the time things start getting positive, Anu's father arranges her marriage with some one else.Rest of the story is as to how Sirish manages to convince both Anu's parents and his and finally comes out victorious. Kos (13) is going through the most bizarre period in his life. His mother died a few years ago and his dad is having a heart attack. While Kos' father is in the hospital, it looks like the hotel he is running will be a big mess. But Kos and his three sisters do not intend to let that happen. After the siblings find out that father is deep in financial problems, the hotel is threatened with closure. The children however come up with a solution: someone has to win the local beauty pageant, with a hefty cash prize attached. After escaping from summer camp, Thomas and his invisible fox Felix have the adventure of a lifetime.  History of organized crime in Kansas City Yike Su failed in the latest National College Entrance Examination. While his mother tried hard to push him back to school for an extra year, his granduncle moved in since he had nowhere to... Ten-year old Agathe-Christine, or simply AC, prefers to be on her own. AC fancy mysteries, and from the basement in the building, where she has just moved in, she has established a small detective bureau. AC's first mystery appears to be simple to solve, but before long AC finds herself involved in a much more complicated affair, than she could have ever foreseen. Drop Off is a moral tale told in a humorous and heartwarming style having to do with issues of class discrimination, greed, anger, jealousy and then redemption. Thirteen year old Tim Parker and his underprivileged buddies lives are suddenly changed when a duffel bag with a million dollars is dropped in the path of a bike trail they are riding. In eleven days time, Michael is due to wed his fiancee Helen. However, a chance meeting with Sarah, a total stranger, threatens to destroy all his plans as he is seduced on the spot and finds himself unable to resist her. The summer holidays have just begun in Brandenburg, but ten-year-old Lea isn't going to camp this year with her friends as she normally would. One afternoon she spots five boys lifting a large blue oil barrel over the fence of a paint factory and driving away with their loot on a bicycle trailer. Lea's curiosity is piqued. The next chance she gets, she follows the boys and discovers they built a raft on a small lake. The raft is the boys' property and under no circumstances girls are allowed in their gang. But Lea wants to be part of it very badly and takes them up on a dare. Soon summer is full of adventure. Buddy is an abandoned young cocker spaniel waiting dejectedly in his cage for a kind, new owner to adopt him. Suddenly, Billy, a little boy whose hair is as red as Buddy's, appears. It's love at first sight and the beginning of a great friendship. But for Billy's parents, this is where the trouble begins. In love with Duygu, as well as with his favorite football team, Zafer is one of those grown-up men who never really grow up. One day, he finds himself forced into a marriage by his father, and despite his many funny attempts to get out of the marriage, Zafer's plans yield no result. Can Zafer understand the meaning of true love before the final whistle blows? Dikkertje Dap was born on the same day as Raf the giraffe. Dikkertje can often be found at the zoo, because Raf is his best friend. They are inseparable, until Dikkertje goes to school for the first time and finds out giraffes can't go to school. Dikkertje dearly misses Raf, but also experiences exciting new things. He even makes a new friend: Yous. Raf misses Dikkertje too. So Dikkertje devises a plan to bring the giraffe to school and introduce his two friends to each other. Two strange sisters live in a crumbling mansion, where they keep a pet ape, which belonged to their late father, locked in a cage. While one of the sisters seems to be keeping her head on straight, as it were, the other appears to be sinking further and further into barbarism and insanity. As Harry begins his sixth year at Hogwarts, he discovers an old book marked as 'Property of the Half-Blood Prince', and begins to learn more about Lord Voldemort's dark past. Just because a journey leads you somewhere you didn't expect, doesn't mean you ended up in the wrong place.   Mordrcai Jones (George C. Scott) is a rural con artist (a 'flim flam man') who takes on a young army deserter Curley (Michael Sarrazin) as his protege and teaches him the tricks of the trade. Sheriff Slade (Harry Morgan) is in hot pursuit of the pair and rich girl Bonnie Lee Packard (Sue Lyon) becomes romantically involved with Curley and helps the fleeing duo stay one step ahead of the sheriff. The film features a great automobile chase scene for those who appreciate this kind of cinema hijinks. Screenplay by William Rose ("It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World"). A Heffley family road trip to attend Meemaw's 90th birthday party goes hilariously off course thanks to Greg's newest scheme to get to a video gaming convention. Appooppanthaadi 2016 Movie How do you know that someone is a ghost? You can't see his legs. Young girl Masha accidentally discovers the organization of snow and ice mages fighting the global devil under the leadership of Santa Claus. After workaholic Kevin has a drunken one night stand with the beautiful train-wreck Madeline, he's horrified to discover that she's actually his boss' jilted ex-mistress. When she takes a bottle of sleeping pills, Kevin is forced to keep her awake... and over the course of the night the two begin to fall for each other. A sequel to the popular movie, Beverly Hills Christmas that was shown on UP TV during Christmas 2015 to more than 70 million viewers. Drowning in tinsel and lights every Christmas, Michael and Caroline Anderson throw the year's biggest party at their house. But this year, with Michael jobless and Caroline's store struggling, that tradition may end. The Andersons decide to host a very different kind of party and, in the process, rediscover what's most important about the holiday. A drama centered around twins attending the same boarding school. Carter never left his sleepy, suburban, NYC commuter-community after finishing High School. When his friends finish college and return home for a brief visit before starting their adult lives, he is spurred to action. He cashes in his unused college fund, packs a suitcase, and leaves home determined but without direction. Life divides two brothers and reunites them again in the city of Tegucigalpa. Welcome to the Dvergsnes family! In this short film we follow the Dvergsnes family from Kristiansand, Norway, through three events that took place during the fall and winter of 2014. A splintered family reunites for the parents' golden anniversary. Will things go as planned? Or will new challenges and old problems resurface? Family Katta is an absorbing drama featuring top notch acting talent from the Marathi industry. In the continuation of Popoy and Basha's love story from "One More Chance," we find the couple walking down the aisle and vowing to love each other "forever and ever." "A Second Chance" explores realities and intricacies and Popoy and Basha's married life. We find Popoy as a failed achiever, struggling to keep his business and self-esteem intact, while Basha has given up so much in her life to keep their marriage together. The siblings Eydis and Kari are only five and six years old when their parents' marriage breaks apart. As their mother struggles to find her footing following the divorce, they are sent temporarily to a countryside children's home. But the stay turns out to be longer than they had ever expected. Snatched off the street and held for ransom, a bound and gagged woman uses her limited powers to derail her two masked abductors' carefully laid plans. Sunny has returned to Penang to shoot his new film about his family, without their knowledge. However he has run out of money and is struggling to shoot an essential scene. His sister, Hoon, comes by the film studio and discovers that he is shooting a warts and all film about their family. In the confrontation that follows, Sunny has an epiphany that illuminates and changes his perspective of his past. Don't look down Loch Anzi or you might turn into a ghost. A Chance in the World is the unbelievable real life story of Steve, a wounded and broken boy destined to become a man of resilience and vision. From the day he is five-years-old and dropped off at his foster home of the next eleven years, Steve is mentally and physically tortured by Betty (his foster mother), Willie (her husband) and his foster siblings. Desperate for a sense of family and belonging, Steve searches for his biological parents, but no one in the system can help him. No one can tell him why, with obvious African-American features, he has the last name of Klakowicz. This story relates to such a village where the houses have no facility of toilets and there are two different laws for men and women relating to fixation of time to go to the village toilet.  In such a situation, Uganti has to face many problems and her husband Shambhu wants to help her yet he cannot. He cant cross the boundaries of the village laws. At last, Uganti herself finds a solution to her problems and for that, she has to face immense insult and humiliation.  Her husband then feels her grievance and takes steps to help her, ignoring the rules of the village society. This story attacks those policies of society where there are double standards and where women are not treated as human beings. When a young boy named Jake accidentally makes a new friend in an experiment gone wrong a troubled town is plunged into chaos. But with the creature rapidly evolving every day, Jake finds it increasingly difficult to keep his new pet secret. Jake's friends and new girl Abbie realize they are not the only ones interested in this strange, mischievous little dinosaur and soon discover that the only thing more mysterious than what it is, is who is looking for it. Based on the books about the boy Vitello by Kim Fupz Aakeson and Niels Bo Bojesen. After the death of his mother, a repressed tv writer is forced to take care of his father who is loosing his memory, obsessed with his wife is still alive and lost. A wayward youth of a rich father, Jomon is a carefree youngster who doesn't care about 'being responsible enough' for his age. When the family lands in a financial soup out of the blue, a different side of the youngster surprisingly emerges.   In center of Seoul, contrary to the fancy buildings, still there's a poor town called, Su-saek. And there are three special losers; Ik-june, a gang expelled by laughing at leader's funeral, Jung-bum, a North Korean defector with depression, Jong-bin, an epileptic who only drinks milk. They call each other patient. Three of them frequent a small bar in the town to win the heart of a charming bar lady, Ye-ri. They have their own issues to suffer but never blame anyone. They know how to forget things and laugh. One day, Ye-ri asks what they dreamed last night. While each of them tells their nightmares, Ye-ri tells them she had a dirty dream; she made love to each of them... On an impulse, 60 year old Charlotte leaves her husband stranded at a gas station in the middle of nowhere. A deep and driven instinct has her setting off, away from her old mundane life as a grandmother, a mother, a wife, and towards a new and different life. Little does she know that her granddaughter, Jo, a wonderfully whimsical child, is hiding in the back of the car. Charlotte's spontaneous escape triggers off a journey, not only for her and her granddaughter, but also for her husband Paul and daughter Alex. As Paul and Alex pursue Charlotte and Jo across the countryside, they stumble into their own mishaps, self discoveries and emotional confrontations. Setoka Tachibana is a female high school student who has confessed her feelings to other boys 12 times, but has been rebuffed each time. Her older brother Haruka Tachibana cares for his younger sister deeply, but he keeps secret from her that they are not blood related. One day, Setoka's first love Takane Serikawa appears after many years and approaches her. Maths teacher Ted Slauson became adept at recording and memorizing prices of products featured on the iconic game show The Price is Right, an obsession dating back to the show's inception in 1972. This passion and dedication for the show culminated in him helping a contestant place a perfect bid during a 2008 showcase, an innocent act that would create one of the biggest controversies in television industry history. Vengo Volviendo tells the story of Ismael, who was raised by his grandmother and seeks to leave Ecuador in order to migrate to the United States. Along the way, he encounters a host of interesting people and learns of some interesting tales. Fifteen-year-old country girl Suzume Yosano has to move to Tokyo to live with her uncle due to her father's transfer. She bumps into a mysterious man who ends up taking her to her uncle's place after she gets lost. Turns out, Suzume will be seeing him a lot more often once she starts school because... he's her homeroom teacher?! An old man finds it hard living with his injured legs, having to depend on others for his needs. But when a small puppy escapes from a nearby dog meat restaurant and comes into his life, things start to turn around. An aspiring young filmmaker gets involved with an eccentric gangster for the financing of his first film. Five years ago, a Korean opera singer started a children's choir in a slum in India. Frustrated by the lack of support from the parents of his choir children, he decides to train the parents to sing for a joint concert. But it may be the toughest challenge of his life.  Marine lieutenants Dan and Jim fight bandits in the South American jungle, while competing for the attention of beautiful Joan Grant. An autobiography of a Poughkeepsie filmmaker who hasn't yet hit it big. A coast guard captain on a small Greek island is suddenly charged with saving thousands of refugees from drowning at sea. Oma &amp; Bella is an intimate glimpse into the world of Regina Karolinski (Oma) and Bella Katz, two friends who live together in Berlin. Having survived the Holocaust and then stayed in Germany after the war, it is the food they cook together that they remember their childhoods, maintain a bond to each other and answer questions of heritage, memory and identity. As the film follows them through their daily lives, a portrait emerges of two women with a light sense of humor, vivid stories, and a deep fondness for good food. Created by Oma's granddaughter Alexa, the film captures their ongoing struggle to retain a part of their past while remaining very much engaged in the present. Family Death Trip follows a woman's family as they bring her grandfather to his home town one last time, along with the ashes of her grandmother, the woman they all wish he'd had the courage to leave.  What began as a personal video diary grew into a chaotic and darkly-comic documentary. A precocious orphan from Central Asia comes to America to find his long lost mother. Along the way he befriends a down on his luck small time hustler, and together they set in motion a daring scheme to solve all their problems. However, things don't go according to plan. Lyle is filled with rage. After badly beating a classmate during a schoolyard fight, Lyle is committed to a juvenile mental institution in lieu of criminal prosecution. Inside the hospital, Lyle encounters a group of adolescents struggling with a variety of illnesses. Seventeen-year-old Stella spends most of her time in the hospital as a cystic fibrosis patient. Her life is full of routines, boundaries and self-control -- all of which get put to the test when she meets Will, an impossibly charming teen who has the same illness. There's an instant flirtation, though restrictions dictate that they must maintain a safe distance between them. As their connection intensifies, so does the temptation to throw the rules out the window and embrace that attraction. In 2016, the last textile weaving factory from the communist era in North-West China was demolished. 'Weaving' follows two textile worker families during the five year demolition process as they struggle to adapt to outside change while trying to keep their families intact. Where old and new social values collide, their story allows us to take a closer look inside China's changing family dynamic in an increasingly materialistic and complex society. Mo Geumsan (48) is a barber living in the rural area, who once aspired to be an actor. He starts to have doubts about his humdrum life after the village health center advises him to be examined at a larger hospital. He comes up with a plan to give a gift to his beloved ones in the coming Christmas. The plan is to invite everyone to the local culture center and to screen his self-made comedy movie based on his own tragic life. Sheela Chacko's leads a regular life as a mother, wife and a college lecturer. All this turns around when she learns about a serious affliction facing her. The comedy-drama carries on about how her insecure husband and her three children react to the enfolding situation. In life you can fight forever, but you can't live forever. One is a choice the other a guarantee. We don't have an overview translated in English. Help us expand our database by adding one. Panchayat Secretary Ullahanan leads a monotonous life till a college reunion rekindles excitement in his 20-year-old marital life and infuses in him a renewed sense of purpose and love for everything that he once took for granted. Smart and brazen comedian Iliza Shlesinger shares her unflinchingly honest observations on the differences between men and women. Filled with hashtag-able catch phrases, this is a laugh-out-loud revelation exposing some of women's best kept - and ugliest - secrets, including truths about first date attire, fantasy break-ups and the tireless pursuit of not being cold while still looking hot. The mother of a child suffering from cancer struggles to maintain a normal life for her family. Stine is thirty-seven years old and the single mother of three girls. Her daughter Cecilie, now aged eleven, has had cancer since she was two. Cecilie has spent half her life in hospital and Stine along with her. Stine is fighting an unfair battle in unbearable chaos. At the same time, she insists on maintaining some sort of life for all three children. What happens when a 12 year old helps an advice column writer with an editor wanting a fresh new voice while trying to help his down-on-romance mother and music teacher? The story of a promising young man with exciting career opportunities and a looming marital bliss. Perry is a happily married father of two living a comfortable but sedate life in the suburbs. On the occasion of his 40th birthday, he seeks to revisit his former life as the lead singer in a popular punk band though his middle-aged reality quickly (and hilariously) clashes with the indulgences of his youth. Two nine-year-old boys from sunny Venice California set off on a mission to cross Los Angeles on skateboards at night in an attempt to reach the Staples Center by 8am the next morning for a survival contest.  Vaishnavee (The Goddess), (Sinhalese: vaissnnaavii) is a 2018 Sri Lankan Sinhala drama thriller film directed by veteran director Sumitra Peries and produced by Mano Nanayakkara.  1930's, Sri Lanka. Partly a compelling domestic drama, and a demonic love story, the narrative follows a puppet-maker who's set to be married to a young girl. Unfortunately, the girl elopes with her secret lover. Devastated, the grieving puppet-maker ends up carving a puppet in her likeness, which eventually comes to life, setting in motion a fantastical chain of events. Nerdy middle schooler Tommy is forced take care of a baby dinosaur after his cloned science fair project hatches early. He quickly begins to think of the creature not only as a pet, but also as a friend. But when the dino escapes on the day of the fair, Tommy must figure out a way to get the creature back before greedy grown-ups get to the dinosaur first. An introverted extrovert tries to replicate a chance encounter with his dream girl.  Arun, a newly recruited sub-inspector, sets out in pursuit of a mysterious serial killer who targets young girls and murders them. After a series of murders, Arun confirms that it's being done by a psychopath with an anti-social disorder. The killer continues his spree, but Arun is no mood to stop his pursuit. French film icons Gerard Depardieu and Fanny Ardant star in this romantic comedy about a Parisian couple in their fifties who share a comfortable life, a beautiful home, a posh country club and a midlife crisis. Following a dream vacation to Israel where Alain (Depardieu) explores his Jewish roots, Gisele (Ardant) insists they change their life and move to Tel Aviv. While Gisele, a Jewish convert, finds her new life inspiring; Alain fights to embrace Hebrew, Jewish tradition and a new circumcision. Will Alain and Gisele learn whether Shalom represents Hello or Goodbye?  Two siblings are whisked away by an intelligent fairy to become part of a real life game they must complete before coming back to the real world. The film tells a story of a young boy, who finds himself in Santa's Workshop and changes completely the old-fashion production process with ultra modern hi-tech production line. Kari the babysitter thinks she's in for a night of routine babysitting. She's prepared to provide neurological stimulation with some soothing musical accompaniment for little Jack-Jack, the smallest member of the incredible Parr family. Little does she know that Jack-Jack will teach her a thing or two about babies with "special needs." An intelligent, lovable robot known as "F.R.E.D.I." is stolen from a secret research facility by the project's lead scientist. The robot is found by a 15 year old teenager, James. Soon the two begin to communicate and create a bond in which F.R.E.D.I. learns about teenage life and James learns about some new values. A vending machine robbery by small time thief and drug addict Bobbie (Vincent Kartheiser) goes badly awry, and his friends contact street-wise thief and part-time druggie Mel (James Woods) to patch him up.Recognizing a kindred spirit, Mel befriends Bobbie and his girlfriend Rosie (Natasha Gregson Wagner), inviting them to join him and his long-suffering girlfriend Sid (Melanie Griffith) on a drug robbery which should set them up for life. The seemingly simple robbery is a great success, but the sale of the drugs afterward fails badly, and Mel and Bobbie are shot.The four take refuge with the Reverend, who charges them half of their haul from the robbery to care for them. In a desperate attempt to recover their losses, Mel involves the crew in a disastrous, ill-advised jewellery robbery, and they become caught up in a web of violence that rapidly spirals out of control. The stars of a 1980s sci-fi show--now eking out a living through re-runs and sci-fi conventions--are beamed aboard an alien spacecraft. Believing the cast's heroic on-screen dramas are historical documents of real-life adventures, the band of aliens turn to the cast members for help in their quest to overcome the oppressive regime in their solar system. Lily produces a wedding reality show, but her success driven world is flipped when her ex, Scott, is cast as groom-to-be. Lily must revisit her past if she's to find her own happily ever after. A two minute adaptation of on an old ghost story. Traces the life and mental illness of New York artist and photographer Ruth Litoff, and her sister's struggle to come to terms with her tragic suicide. An engineering dropout who traps himself in one trouble or the other, meets a wonderful woman and her cousin who changes his life. Story of five friends Raja (Deepak Raj Giri), Saraswoti (Jeetu Nepal), Magne (Kedar Ghimire) and Buddhi (Buddhi Tamang). Raja is rich but illiterate and enjoys life, and tells his friends to not get married or hold any job. However, he secretly has affairs with married women.Then one day Raja gets married to Champa (Priyanka Karki), and the story enters a serious mode. Manolo and his donkey Gorrion plan a journey to the West. After losing her father, a young women must find the strength to face her fears and compete in the race of her life or her family will lose everything. Gabriel rents a room in Juan's House. They work together in a Woodwork place. Gabriel is a very quiet guy and has a little daughter. Juan is a party boy who has a lots of girls around. Inadvertently the sexual tension starts to grow between them. It opens a new hidden forbidden world they have to deal with. While trying to remain a good husband and father, Superbat and the Avengers of Justice come out of retirement to stop Dark Jokester and Lisp Luthor from freezing the planet. William's father is dead and his mother is mentally ill, so he lives with his uncle Nils. Nils is on early retirement, making money by buying things cheap and selling them high. He has also accumulated a large debt and city's gangsters are on him, demanding that he pays it full.  William sets out to pay off the debt of his uncle - and perhaps his courage might impress Viola too, a girl from his class. Petit Spirou, like all his family before him, has a career destiny all traced. When his mother announces that he will integrate the grooms school at the beginning of the new school year, Petit Spirou, with the help of his friends, will take advantage of his last days of class to declare his love to Suzette. And no matter how. They decide to live an extraordinary adventure. Lilya lives in poverty and dreams of a better life. Her mother moves to the United States and abandons her to her aunt, who neglects her. Lilya hangs out with her friends, Natasha and Volodya, who is suicidal. Desperate for money, she starts working as a prostitute, and later meets Andrei. He offers her a good job in Sweden, but when Lilya arrives her life quickly enters a downward spiral. Down on the banks of the Maroni River, little Derreck dreams of heroic warriors. He's a member of the Wayana tribe in French Guyana. In this film, Derreck is not our only portal into another world. His sister Sylvana also dreams - of an impossible love, who belongs to a different tribe. Their grandmother Malilou takes us back to her youth in the 1950s. It seems that everyone wanders off now and again into a parallel, at times almost ghostly world. Whereas the youngest members of the tribe can still lose themselves in boundless flights of fantasy, the older generation contemplates more existential questions. How do dreams of the future relate to identity? What makes you a real Wayana? The impressionistic story of a Texas family in the 1950s. The film follows the life journey of the eldest son, Jack, through the innocence of childhood to his disillusioned adult years as he tries to reconcile a complicated relationship with his father. Jack finds himself a lost soul in the modern world, seeking answers to the origins and meaning of life while questioning the existence of faith. Military officer Gautam Kesav (Anoop Menon) and businesswoman Shahida (Bhavana) lead a very happy married life with their two sons Neeraj (Sidharth Ajith) and Niranjan (Sanoop Santhosh). Gautam Kesav and Shahida belong to two different religious beliefs, but this no way affects their married life. Neeraj and Niranjan do a playful act for their parents, which accidently ends up in trouble which creates issues not only in their family, but also in the society. The resulting incidents are plotted in 'Kuttikalundu Sookshikkuka'. A young painter takes up French lessons with an elder lady to ensure he'll get a grant for a French arts institute. That way he meets Anna, a beautiful married woman nursing the lady's old father, and falls in love with her. Against the wishes of his parents (who are in the midst of a messy divorce), a young boy steals the ashes of his dead Grandfather and runs away into the wilderness with his dog. The boy is determined to fulfill his beloved Grandpa's dying wishes and spread his ashes atop a remote mountain. Along the treacherous journey, the boy and the dog are accompanied by the ghost of his Grandpa, who helps them on their journey, brings the family back together and gives the boy one last chance to say goodbye. Two parallel tales of redemption, a century apart. In the New York storyline, Edge hunts for Angela's gold to pay back a debt, and gradually grows closer to her. In the Macedonian story, the brothers end up fighting for opposite sides of a revolution, with the religious Elijah taking up sides with the Ottoman sultan and gunslinger Luke joining "the Teacher" , a Macedonian rebel. Yeliz leads a happy life with her brother Ahmet, who she is very fond of. But Ahmet Deniz falls in love, and he makes her a marriage proposal, Yeliz's world collapsed. They think, "oh, I get them well apart, as I also did it with all his previous girlfriends." Yeliz begins to make plans with her group of girlfriends to drive the two apart. On the one hand Yeliz, on the other hand, Ahmet Deniz, who tries to protect Deniz against the snares of his sister, without leaving marks Deniz. There awaits all sorts of comic adventures ... The story of a young poor aspiring filmmaker who is trying to raise money to make a short film about a man who stops trains while having to deal with family issues such as his mother's illness. Harry will do anything to be a musician, but it takes a junk collector to discover his hidden talents. Hassan who is a skint wants to pay back the debt of his father to Malek Salman who is a fraud. In a virtual world Hassan became an imaginary person but the love of Malek Salman's daughter is hindering him from continuing on his mission. In Neko Atsume no Ie, Atsushi Ito stars as Masaru Sakamoto, a novelist who moves to the countryside to try to combat a bad case of writer's block. While struggling to begin his next novel, Masaru spots a stray cat, which he decides to befriend. Masaru leaves food out for the pretty kitty, and before long his new home is covered in cats. When one of America's most promising young gymnasts, Samantha Wick, is cut from the Olympic team, she decides to follow her dreams of horseback riding by joining a girls horse camp. With financial troubles threatening to shut the camp down, Samantha uses her gymnastic prowess to start a horse-dancing team to raise money and save the camp! An explosion inside a casino brings Catherine Willows back to Las Vegas to investigate. And when the crime is tied to Lady Heather, Gil Grissom is brought back as well to aid the investigation. After a serious car accident, Lukasz discovers that the blue door in his new room lead to alternate reality. To the Beat follows 14-year-old twins Mia and Mackie Castillo - dancers since they were toddlers. Beginning at just three years old, that's been their one true passion. They support each other through competitions and rehearsals, even though they dance different styles. Mia loves tap and Mackie loves jazz. When their favorite pop star launches an online contest to find the most unique dance group for his next music video, the twins each form their own team to compete for the chance to dance in the video - enlisting their friends and family to help gain online votes. Meanwhile, their arch rival and neighbor, Avery, the best dancer of all (who knows it too) uses her charm and resources to get the upper hand in the competition. An astonishing journey revealing the awesome power of the natural world. Over the course of one single day, we track the sun from the highest mountains to the remotest islands to exotic jungles. During the Royal Ball, Cinderella and her mice fellows discover a secret that could shake their world: the real prince has turned into a mouse by the evil witch, and the "Prince" from the Royal Ball is in fact a fraud. Now, Cinderella and her friends are going to begin a whole new adventure to save the real Prince, and help him defeat the evil force. Serving Sara is a 2002 romantic comedy film which stars Matthew Perry, Elizabeth Hurley and Bruce Campbell. Joe Tyler (Perry) is a process server who is given the assignment to serve Sara Moore (Hurley) with divorce papers. Sergeant Major Kurt Roberts is faced with a life altering decision when his teenage daughter is tragically struck by a drunk driver and slips into an unforgiving coma. This incredible touching story reveals how undying faith can lead to an unexpected miracle. A young woman's world is turned upside down when she is struck with a paralyzing disease and forced to live with her estranged grandmother who she hasn't seen since she was a little girl. Rose, a widowed and lonely senior, finds a new purpose in life: to fix a 20-year-old family secret. Jeroen's family is loaded with money and they deeply enjoy the benefits of the rich life, except for Jeroen. He is clearly not into this luxurious lifestyle and this results into serious tensions. He makes a harsh decision: he leaves his family and goes out on an unforgettable journey. During this journey he discovers that his family isn't that bad at all.  Ammani is about a 82-year-old woman and her emotional bond with another woman named Salamma. There comes a point in everyone's life when you have to make a decision about the direction you're going to take. For newly-18 American fashion model Cora, that time is now. She's moved to an Australian coastal town to be with her favourite aunt, after a 'fashion faux pas' back home. 16 mm, black &amp; white and color, 2:16 or 6 min. Silent though possibly intended to be screened with Dizzy Gillespie's Manteca. The film starts with a color sequence showing Smith's painting Manteca (ca. 1950) with which he tried to subjectively depict Gillespie's song, every brushstroke representing a music note. The film concludes with black &amp; white superimpositions. A pair of teenagers in Western Australia looking to escape the monotony of life in a small town take up surfing lessons from a guy named Sando. A concert documentary shot during the Glee Live! In Concert! summer 2011 tour, featuring song performances and Glee fans' life stories and how the show influenced them. A young boy travels across Australia with his father, who's wanted by the law. An ancient Scripture says: <<Get a Power of the Crystal Eye and will have everything you dream about...Sorcery, the hidden power , mystery language of animals and birds - subservient to the Master of the Crystal Eye>>.  School friends teens caught in a tangled game of Sorceress and Witches from different worlds. Who 's finally winners? Real friendship or the dark ? In the distant future, the post-nuclear holocaust Earth is divided into two rival superpowers, North Hemis and South Hemis. Both empires are engaged in competitive race to reach Mars. When a badly under-equipped rocket malfunctions and begins drifting toward the sun, its helpless crew is rescued by the rival mission team. The combined crew continue the flight to mars, when colossal monsters lies in wait on the Martian moons! A unique, intimate and honest portrayal of a girl grieving for the loss of her best friend. That just happens to take place on the day the world ends as we know it. Forty years after the fall of Phnom Penh, Cambodian artists inherit a pluralistic history whose groping threads they unravel. Sera Ing works on the sculpture which will become the first memorial of the genocide but the project encounters difficulties to exist. How do artists reappropriate history and culture from which they have been dispossessed? Adventure, comic and musical film about a group of children following a treasure map for a summer camp to save their beloved library that is about to be destroyed. The real-life Chris and Martin introduce each Wild Kratts episode with a live action segment that imagines what it would be like to experience a never- before-seen wildlife moment, and asks, 'What if...?' It's Christmas season on the farm and everybody is getting ready for a big talent show. Scuddle Mutt and Clawdia dress up as elves and prepare to sing "Jolly Old St. Nicholas" when the Santa Claus makes an unexpected stop and mistakes the two for his own elves. Whisking them away, Santa's real elves are left behind to sing and dance in the show, while Scuddle Mutt and Clawdia are taken on a sleigh ride they'll never forget! Murphy ("Just Jesse the Jack") is a mega-famous canine TV star who is fed up with being treated like a 'cashmachine' by Hollywood executives. He escapes and a group of loving kids save him. One summer day a group of sixth-grade boys have an argument about whether fireworks are round or flat when viewed from different angles and embark on a journey for the answer during the annual firework festival. Meanwhile, one of their classmates, Nazuna, is troubled by her parents' separation and decides to choose one of the boys - Norimichi or Yuusuke - to run away with depending on who wins a race at the pool. Since his childhood, interested in cars, car races and dreamed to be a rally pilot but became a minibus driver in Ankara. This movie tells Yusuf's story full of action as well as comedy. The story of a pampered girl who is uncertain about settling for an arranged marriage. When her father gives her an opportunity to look for a suitor, she falls in love with three of them and gets into a fix. At Fallbrook Middle School, the annual student-elected Teacher of the Year award is held. And every year for the last 43 years Norman Warner or most fondly called Stormin' Norman Warner has won the award. Now that he has died, the burden of carrying the legacy falls into the hands of Matt Warner, the son of the late Norman Warner who has always lived in the shadow of his father. An emotional drama that explores the marital crisis of a couple through turbulent times. Mary Smith, a young girl who lives with her great-aunt in the countryside, follows a mysterious cat into the nearby forest where she finds a strange flower and an old broom, none of which is as ordinary as it seems. In Between Sun and Shade we follow the life of Sergio, who is on the verge of becoming a professional matador and making his childhood dream come true. He has been selected for one of the most prestigious competitions, but times are tough. Bullfighting in Spain is under pressure and the economic reality leaves little room for young fighters in the arena. Everything depends on Sergio winning the final, his last chance to earn a position in a century-old tradition. An abstract look at the changes in a woman's inner self. Married to a down-and-out writer, she is forced into a liaison with a book thief. An elderly Nenet woman in teepee on northern Russia's Jamal Peninsula recounts her early life betrothed to a deity for the entertainment of a blind young girl. In the Nenet culture, a girl child can be married to holiest of holies, Num, before or after her birth. Lonely old Numbd Syarda (which means, literally, 'tied to Num') entertains the blind young Ilne ('giver of life') with stories of how she became one of these chosen few. A widowed theatre director moves to a small Connecticut town where he gets involved in solving the murder of a millionaire, who was the most despised man in town. Two neurology students create a telepathy experiment together to visualize a murderer, who recently knifed another student. Pup Star is back for an all-new adventure! After winning the canine competition show Pup Star and becoming an international pup sensation, Tiny, the adorable Yorkie, has her world turned upside down when an evil rival switches her out in competition with a street pup named Scrappy. The two pups find themselves living the others' very different life and an incredible journey through iconic cities ensues in this fun and hilarious dog-out-of-water adventure! As they prepare for the Pup Star competition to reach its finale, each experiences life through a very different collar and discover the importance of family and being true to yourself. At the finale, both Yorkies claim to be Tiny leaving everyone, including the judges, wondering - who is the real Pup Star? A huge, fun musical adventure, 'Pup Star: Better 2gether' is filled with incredible singing pups, fantastic new paw-tapping songs, and an action packed heart-warming story that will have audiences of all ages howling for more! When Jonas's grandmother dies, he inherits two foreign objects. The Ghost Rockers soon discover that they belong to a puzzle of five pieces, the 'Five Elements' and even more important: that like objects which, according to legend, to make sure they have contact with the Freebirds. But ... there are pirates on the coast of the objects but some would like to have in their possession in order to talk with the spirits of the deceased. It is all hands on deck for the Ghost Rockers, because if they lose the elements, they lose contact with the Freebirds ... and that could well mean the end of the Ghost Rockers ... Bookshop clerk Maggie Malone is granted three wishes after she finds a first-edition copy of Charles Dickens' Great Expectations. The third volume from the new hit TV series includes four fun and spooky episodes for Halloween. Vampire Strikes Back: The gang runs into a real life vampire in a Transylvanian castle Mummy Scares Best: The gang investigates a mummy on the loose in Egypt High-Tech House of the Future: The gang is trapped in a beserk automated house of the future at the Omaha World Fair She Sees a Sea Monster by the Sea Shore: The gang's tropical island vacation is ruined by a boat-smashing sea monster. Erwin enjoyed a glorious career at a young age, and had a beautiful lover who is equally successful, Natalie. But, all so complicated when Koh Afuk whose health has worsened, wants to bequeath to Erwin store basic food needs, his favorite child. Therefore, Yohan, Erwin's brother, furious because bypassed. As the eldest son who was more attentive to her parents, Yohan sure he and his wife, Ayu, is the most entitled to continue the store. Unfortunately, Koh Afuk difficult to believe that Yohan always rebelled. A woman promises her uncle that she will marry a Punjabi man, but in reality, she has other plans up her sleeve. Modern treasure hunters, led by archaeologist Ben Gates, search for a chest of riches rumored to have been stashed away by George Washington, Thomas Jefferson and Benjamin Franklin during the Revolutionary War. The chest's whereabouts may lie in secret clues embedded in the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence, and Gates is in a race to find the gold before his enemies do. Robert will do anything to get the big account that has eluded him. His public relations business makes public angels of rich scoundrels. Jean needs someone to save the paper and she wants Robert. When he finds out that Pat is dating Lorri, John Dillingwell's granddaughter, he gets involved. Robert begins to make John the most hated man and Lorri blames Pat, the publisher. He then goes to John for a job to erase all the bad publicity that he has gotten from the paper. This works until Pat tells John that Robert was behind the smear campaign. But John decides that he does need some good publicity and hires Robert to provide it... A movie about a talking hedgehog named Andy.  Siblings Dylan and Andrea set off with their new friends on a marvelous journey of discovery in search of long lost pirate loot. A biker gang visits a monastery where they encounter black-robed monks engaged in worshipping Satan. When the monks try to persuade one of the female bikers, Helen, to become a satanic sacrifice the bikers smash up the monastery and leave. The monks have the last laugh, though, as Helen, as a result of the satanic rituals, is now possessed and at night changes into a werewolf, with dire results for the biker gang.  Casper and Emma get the opportunity to go to a real theatre. An adventure that sparks the idea to set up a play themselves. A play about yule lads who light lamps outside houses in the dark days of December. Americans Amy, Stacy, Jeff and Eric look for fun during a sunny holiday in Mexico, but they get much more than that after visiting an archaeological dig in the jungle. Nandini Joshi, an award-winning photographer, is going through a personal crisis. Even as her busy husband and stubborn daughter continue to neglect her, Nandini struggles to find a sense of purpose and dignity. Will she ever rediscover the lost verve for life? Living goddess Kumari becomes friends with six people who enjoy happy lives.  Alternately tragic and comic, an exploration of the complexities of love in both its brightest and darkest corners. Adapted from John Irving's best-selling novel A Widow for One Year, the film is set in the privileged beach community of East Hampton, New York and chronicles one pivotal summer in the lives of famous children's book author Ted Cole (Jeff Bridges) and his beautiful wife Marion (Kim Basinger). Their once-great marriage has been strained by tragedy. Her resulting despondency and his subsequent infidelities have prevented the couple from confronting a much-needed change in their relationship. Eddie O'Hare, the young man Ted hires to work as his summer assistant, is the couple's unwitting yet willing pawn - and, ultimately, the catalyst in the transformation of their lives. After visiting his father in Arkham Sanitarium, young Howard Lovecraft accidentally uses the legendary Necronomicon to open a portal to a strange frozen world filled with horrifying creatures and a great adventure. Two men attempt to commit suicide for vastly different reasons. They try various methods but find it increasingly difficult to finish the job. University student Seo In-ha meets a young woman on the subway and falls in love. After joining a local book club, he is pleasantly surprised to find that the woman, Mun Hie-jae, is also a member. Although he makes a poor first impression, In-ha and Hie-jae become friends, though she is more interested in another student, Kang Seong-ho.Several years pass as they go their separate ways. While Hie-jae and Seong-ho prepare to wed, In-ha, now a producer at a local radio station, still pines after his crush. When Hie-jae survives a car crash that kills her fiance and parents, In-ha resumes his pursuit of her by reading out letters on his radio show. They reunite and plan to get married.However, their happiness is short-lived, as Hie-jae becomes pregnant only to discover that she has stomach cancer, and must choose between her own life and the life of her unborn child. When an American teenager gets bullied at her school in Southeast Asia, she fights back--and gets sent to a reform school. But the "school" is more like a prison, and the young teenager must fend off predatory guards and menacing gangs to survive Emma Woodhouse is a congenial young lady who delights in meddling in other people's affairs. She is perpetually trying to unite men and women who are utterly wrong for each other. Despite her interest in romance, Emma is clueless about her own feelings, and her relationship with gentle Mr. Knightly. 12 year-old Sebastian has decided not to follow his father and Angelina to Canada, deciding to stay in the alps to watch over Belle who has now become the mother of three beautiful pups. When a stranger arrives claiming to be Belle's rightful owner, Sebastian will do all it takes to protect his best friend and her little ones. Two kids are saving their mom. Growing up in Texas, Bart Millard suffers physical and emotional abuse at the hands of his father. His childhood and relationship with his dad inspires him to write the hit song "I Can Only Imagine" as singer of the Christian band MercyMe. Popular teen video-bloggers became digital persons after being <<hacked>> by evil computer virus. They need to find their way back home from this <<digital trap>>. Becca, Adam and their 5-year-old daughter Acie are a perfect family until a tragic accident during a 4th of July celebration kills their father. Struggling with grief, Becky decides she needs to leave the family farm and all its memories. She leaves Acie with her grandfather Ben and visits with her friend from school, June. With all the best intent, June offers Becky plenty of distraction from her family life. Fueled by her anger at G*d and loss of faith, Becky starts drinking and making other self-destructive choices. Then, after Becky is arrested, Ben threatens to keep Acie until Becky is back on track. A chance encounter in a bus station with a traveler gives Becky what she needs to restore her faith and reunite with her family. Wanting to show others that they are Just Like You, three boys and a girl are joined in the film by their best friends. They tell their real-life stories, explaining what it's like to live with facial paralysis, lymphangioma, and other conditions. The troll prince Trym has only two days to save his father, King Grom, who has turned to stone and had his tail stolen by the evil presence in the forest. When Emily, a struggling baker in a small town, receives a handmade Christmas Calendar from a secret admirer, the local residents become obsessed with finding out the identity of the sender. Koko and his friends are spending summer vacation on the shores of a lake near the idyllic Green Hill, hanging out and playing. The magical countryside is disturbed by unusual events which alarm the children as well as the locals: under cover of night, burglars break into one house after another, stealing anything valuable they can find. When the police turns a blind eye to denunciations by adults, the children decide to take matters into their own hands and unmask the burglars. A woman leaves a convent to become a governess to the children of a Army officer widower. As the balance of the world turns upside down for the Anishinabek people, the elder Naamowin builds a healing drum to save his grandson and his people A short film drama about a parent-child relationship. With their father away as a chaplain in the Civil War, Jo, Meg, Beth and Amy grow up with their mother in somewhat reduced circumstances. They are a close family who inevitably have their squabbles and tragedies. But the bond holds even when, later, male friends start to become a part of the household.  Unexpectedly widowed, prim and proper housewife Grace Trevethyn finds herself in dire financial straits when she inherits massive debts her late husband had been accruing for years. Faced with losing her house, she decides to use her talent for horticulture and hatches a plan to grow potent marijuana which can be sold at an astronomical price, thus solving her financial crisis. Henry Butler (Steve Guttenberg) is a professional athlete with a little Pete Rose in him. His athletic interests go beyond the playing field and into the gambling dens. Convicted for his addiction, the soccer player is assigned to community service at a children's home as a condition of his parole. The home attempts to exploit his soccer skills by forming a team. Butler takes no interest, though, until the home burns down and the team begins playing for their homes instead of personal pride or a payoff. In 1941 Hawaii, a private is cruelly punished for not boxing on his unit's team, while his captain's wife and second in command are falling in love. Lise Cohen is taken to a special prisoner-of-war camp for female Jews, a camp run as a bordello to entertain the German officers and troops going in to battle. The camp is run with an iron fist by Commandant Starker and his minion Alma. Starker becomes frustrated when Lise demonstrates no fear, and devises cruel experiments to scare her, to no avail. Once she realizes her guilt is unfounded, Lise begins to play Starker's game, but even though she begins living a better life, she doesn't forget the atrocities she has seen and experienced. This is a story of two boys. When an elephant attacks Rohit, a city boy, he runs into the forest and he meets tribal boy named Siddesha. The two then have to figure out how to survive in the wild. Achu (Gopal) and Kichu (Vasudev), hailing from a hamlet in Kumarakom live by their dream of owning a geared bicycle. In their journey towards their dream, the boys gets separated in the city and face unseen challenges. Gold coins portrays the journey of these two young brothers through a test of human values, conviction and perseverance. Bored with his sex life, a man tries to convince his wife to swap partners. After Aaron is charged with murder, he uses the power of prayer to help prove his innocence turning his life around and saving his son Jalen from the street life before it is too late. My father and I get into an old camper and head for Paris where, 23 years ago, he dispersed his mother's ashes in the Luxembourg Garden. Our trip will take two weeks. We're both documentary filmmakers so we've decided to make a film recording the journey. We stop at camper parks or gas stations for the night. We each have a camera to keep the conditions fair and so we're both the directors and protagonists at the same time. My father is 70, I am 44. We discuss various things - family history, difficult past, my father's divorces. Any question is allowed. The journey is a pretext to get to know each other a little better. A cinematic-psychological experiment about the father-son relationship. Once in the editing room, will we be able to create a single version that would be acceptable to both? An odyssey based on true events: Thupten, Droma und Kalsang, three children from a Tibetan village, set out with their older companion Sonam for Shenzhen in Southern China. They're intending to perform as a band on TV. The special thing about their long and difficult journey is that none of them can see. Patrick lays comatose in a small private hospital, his only action being his involuntary spitting. When a pretty young nurse, just separated from her husband, begins work at the hospital, she senses that Patrick is communicating with her, and he seems to be using his psychic powers to manipulate events in her life. A fairy tale set in the bucolic countryside of Central Europe at the turn of the 20th century. Anka, an orphan girl, bravely sets off in the pursuit of a home, facing the hardships of life, and ultimately finds her place with the help of a magical world and its mysterious creatures. A 22-year-old factory worker lets loose on the weekends: drinking, brawling, and dating two women, one of whom is older and married. For the mostly Mexican-American students of El Paso's Bowie High School, sports can offer a path to a better life. Home + Away follows three students as they pursue that route in search of success. Asahi Tojima (Nanase Nishino) is a first grade high school student. She is small and weak physically. Asahi Tojima decides to change herself. She enrolls in the naginata (Japanese blade) club at her school. She works hard with the other club members and targets the national competition. The Wishbone family is far from happy. With a struggling bookshop, an overworked husband, and two misunderstood teenagers, Emma is at her wit's end trying to be the perfect mom. After dragging her family to a costume party on Halloween night, they are cursed by an evil witch and transformed into a Vampire, a Mummy, a Werewolf, and Frankenstein's monster. Now Emma will fight to keep her Monster Family together and uncover the secret of their curse... eventually leading them to the Prince of Darkness himself, Dracula! A confident young cop is shown the ropes by a veteran partner in the dangerous gang-controlled barrios of Los Angeles, where the gang culture is enforced by the colors the members wear. A surefire fix for animal lovers and a valuable sketch for skeptics, this warm doco from Kiwi director Eryn Wilson offers us intimate access to an Aussie rehab centre for troubled dogs. Ben and Cricket Junk can repair just about anything, but when a friend asks them to repair her parent's marriage, the boys are in over their heads. Their zany antics are the stuff of campfire tales. The boys are stumped until they learn that a stolen pearl necklace may be what they need. Can they catch the thief and locate the pearl of great price? Along the journey, the Fix It Boys learn about God's forgiveness and discover the wonderful gift of salvation. It is a inspiring tale of mystery, investigation and lessons in faith. Dove approved for all ages. In 1852, the mountain village in Provence where Violette lives is brutally deprived of all its men after the repression of the republicans ordered by Napoleon III. Women spend months in total isolation, desperate to see their men again. In this situation, they make an oath in case a man arrives in the village. Pony and Birdboy tells a story of seven-year-old girl Pony, who doesn't want to go to school, and big-mouthed Birdboy who has solution to all possible problems. Humoristic family-film  Pony and Birdboy is partly based on Veera Salmi's popular children's book The Book of Pony and Birdboy, which rich humor and anarchist hustle have brought the book as a favorite of children. Christmas story about a teenage girl that finds hope in a magical nativity display at her church. While controversy rages in Italy about so-called 'gender ideology', considered to be the source of all evils, on the Romagnola Riviera the Di Nuzzo's hold a totally different view. A day at the beach and a breakdance competition: the portrait of a family trying to understand and support the natural inclinations of their children, regardless of the general opinion defending the dominance of biological gender and established socio-cultural roles. Freddie, a volatile, heavy-drinking veteran who suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder, finds some semblance of a family when he stumbles onto the ship of Lancaster Dodd, the charismatic leader of a new "religion" he forms after World War II. A tragicomic look at an evening in the life of the newly elected President of the Norwegian Esperanto Society and his nervous preparations for his first Annual General Meeting in this position. Not only must he cope with a defeated rival for his position, but his girlfriend is being followed by suitors and must keep her relationship with him a secret or risk their disaffection from the Society. Four unlucky men steal a beagle that is considered to be lucky in the hopes of making money out of it. But the dog goes missing and the four have to deal with an international dog-kidnapping racket Thirteen years after abandoning his wife and two sons by stepping out for a pack of cigarettes and never returning, deadbeat gambler Masato dies of stomach cancer. At his funeral, a motley crew of fellow mahjong players, pachinko parlor employees and former drinking buddies gather to pay their respects and tell stories, revealing aspects of Masato's life that complicate his sons' resentment towards him.  A tech savvy ten year old video blogger's "Ultimate Christmas" unravels into chaos when her dad leaves to NY two days before Christmas and her dog, Luke, runs away leaving her in utter despair. In the summer of 1941, the United States and Japan seem on the brink of war after constant embargos and failed diplomacy come to no end. "Tora! Tora! Tora!", named after the code words use by the lead Japanese pilot to indicate they had surprised the Americans, covers the days leading up to the attack on Pearl Harbor, which plunged America into the Second World War. When he was 14, Smith drowned in Lake St. Louis and was dead for nearly an hour. According to reports at the time, CPR was performed 27 minutes to no avail. Then the youth's mother, Joyce Smith, entered the room, praying loudly. Suddenly, there was a pulse, and Smith came around. Inspired by true events, Umeed is a medical drama film about the illegal and unethical drug trials that take place across the nation. It also throws light on how international pharmaceuticals exploit a country. After being infected in the wake of a violent pandemic and with only 48 hours to live, a father struggles to find a new home for his baby daughter. A young band from Norway set out on a journey across the country to attend the National Championship of Rock in a race against time, the police and their parents. Fed up with the materialism of Christmas, Santa runs away to New Zealand for a summer holiday. When two Kiwi kids figure out who he is, they have to find a way to get him back to the North Pole in time for Christmas. Da Co Hoai Lang is a sad story happened in the course of 1 day. Ong Tu (Hoai Linh) escaped from the nursing home to go home and celebrate his wife's death anniversary. The granddaughter at home is not happy with this. Ong Nam is Ong Tu's friend, who came over, and they talk about how they grew up together, loved the same girl and now met each other on a foreign land. They both celebrate their first love's death anniversary. Because of the gap in generation and the difference in culture, Ong Tu and Tammy (his granddaughter) got into a fight. Ong Tu and Ong Nam left the house and goes into the snow storm to find comfort else where. Hero Steps is a heartrending drama about triumph in the face of seemingly insurmountable adversity. If little Eduardo can follow his dreams, then surely there's hope for all of us. 'Power' Paandi, once a legendary stunt master who ruled the world of film stunts in his prime years is now content in living a peaceful life with his son and grandchildren. But he soon realizes that his acts that he thinks is normal and righteous, constantly irks his son who seems to taking their relationship for granted. One such overblown tiff with his son drives him to go do some soul searching, the outcome of which has many unexpected experiences. Patrice and Corrine are two sexy, confident women with great relationships, but they've got it all wrong when it comes to love. Before they drive their men crazy, they've got some tough lessons to learn about trust and fidelity, if they hope to make love last. Two beefed-up twins (played by the Paul brothers, Peter and David, who have appeared in several programmers as The Barbarian Brothers) operating on opposing sides of the law, team up to stop a nefarious crook in this actioner. Peter Jade is a notoriously arrogant burglar who ends up with the key to an enormous underground cache of diamonds. David Jade is a cop who joins forces with Peter after greedy Philip Chamberlain, wanting the diamonds for himself, kills David's partner Dhairyam movie is about Ajay (Ajay Rao) a state level rank student who comes from a lower middle-class background is always in a financial crunch. A young girl had her voice magically taken away so that she would never hurt people with it, but her outlook changes when she encounters music and friendship. I'm Still Here is a portrayal of a tumultuous year in the life of actor Joaquin Phoenix. With remarkable access, the film follows the Oscar-nominee as he announces his retirement from a successful film career in the fall of 2008 and sets off to reinvent himself as a hip-hop musician. The film is a portrait of an artist at a crossroads and explores notions of courage and creative reinvention, as well as the ramifications of a life spent in the public eye. The adventures of the young Remi, an orphan, collected by the gentle Madam Barberin. At the age of 10 years, he is snatched from his adoptive mother and entrusted to the signor Vitalis, a mysterious itinerant musician. Has its sides, he will learn the harsh life of acrobat and sing to win his bread. Accompanied by the faithful dog capi and of the small monkey Joli-Coeur, his long trip through France, made for meetings, friendships and mutual assistance, leads him to the secret of its origins. A father attempts to reconnect with his estranged son through social media, a new world for him. Sangtae and his teenage daughter Doyeon are constantly arguing and haven't had a genuine conversation in years. When their souls are switched by a magical force for seven days, they must learn to tackle the awkward and unfamiliar situation in each other's shoes. Two clumsy devils Popelak and Uhelak, punished by the ruler of hell, embark on a journey to bring two sinful souls from earth. A story about the aristocratic Basak family and their mansion in northern Kolkata. A woman from Paris, Bernadette, comes to the United States after being promised a job. When she arrives, however, she learns that she is a victim to a hoax. Unable to return to France, Bernadette looks for work while staying with her close friend Shirley, an actress looking for her big break. Their friendship is challenged when Bernadette finds herself falling in love with Shirley's boyfriend.  Marguerite loses her wallet, and it's found by Georges, a seemingly happy head of family. As he looks through the wallet and examines the photos of Marguerite, he finds he's fascinated with her and her life, and soon his curiosity about her becomes an obsession.  At the heart of this bold and compelling hybrid film are questions about the significance of lineage and what is bequeathed. The film begins with Selim Mourad staging a portrait of his own nuclear family, in which he claims a place on his own terms while facing up to the fact that he will not father a family because he is same-sex loving. After his sister's passing, Mourad became his parents' only child, but he is burdened with the knowledge that he is the last male to carry the family name. Meanwhile, the old building where his family lives and was bequeathed by his grandfather, is falling apart, but neither his father, nor aunt, can afford the cost of repairs. Story of Lakshmi, a mother, and her son Varun, who is gay. Varun struggles to accept his identity and opens up to Lakshmi, who is an orthodox lady. The film is a journey of their struggles to accept reality. A remake of an earlier (1931) Silly Symphony retells the story of an outcast duckling whose search for a family to accept him leads to constant rejection before learning his true identity as a swan. Joaquim Pinto has been living with HIV and VHC for almost twenty years. "What now? Remind Me" is the notebook of a year of clinical studies with toxic, mind altering drugs as yet unapproved. An open and eclectic reflection on time and memory, on epidemics and globalization, on survival beyond all expectations, on dissent and absolute love. In a to-and-fro between present and past memories, the film is also a tribute to friends departed and those who remain. Some of the most amazing cars ever built race across Spain and head south into Africa in the 6th Annual Gumball 3000 Rally. This film captures the 2004 race, which featured Ferrari Enzos, Hummers, Caterhams, Aston Martins and other rare autos driven by an eccentric mix of skateboard pros, supermodels, Saudi royals and billionaires. The thrills abound as racers evade the law to be the first to cross the finish line at the Cannes Film Festival. Kirk is enjoying the annual Christmas party extravaganza thrown by his sister until he realizes he needs to help out Christian, his brother-in-law who has a bad case of the bah-humbugs. A man struggles with memories of his violent childhood.  Whenever the phrase "breaking the color line" is used, there's a temptation to invoke Jackie Robinson's story. However, Perry Wallace, the first black college athlete in the Southeast Conference, was a mere teenager who stood all alone at center court in such hotbeds of rabid racism as Starkville, Mississippi and Tuscaloosa, Alabama. President Vasily Goloborodko is in power for almost half a year. The economic situation in the country had deteriorated: prices are rising and the national currency has depreciated. People's confidence in the President is rapidly falling. To stabilize the situation in the country Goloborodko needs to get financial assistance from the IMF in the amount of 15 billion euros, which can be provided, if reforms and anti-corruption laws will be introduced in Ukraine. Maleficent and her goddaughter Aurora begin to question the complex family ties that bind them as they are pulled in different directions by impending nuptials, unexpected allies, and dark new forces at play. Two women, one from the United States and one from the United Kingdom, swap homes at Christmastime after bad breakups with their boyfriends. Each woman finds romance with a local man but realizes that the imminent return home may end the relationship. When two very unique and diverse families with 7 kids each collide, they find laughs, music, love, and a few answers about what it means to be a not-so-normal American family in the 21st century. After a seven-year absence, Charlotte Andergast travels to Sweden to reunite with her daughter Eva. The pair have a troubled relationship: Charlotte sacrificed the responsibilities of motherhood for a career as a classical pianist. Over an emotional night, the pair reopen the wounds of the past. Charlotte gets another shock when she finds out that her mentally impaired daughter, Helena, is out of the asylum and living with Eva. Maurice is an aging veteran actor who becomes absolutely taken with Jessie - the grandniece of his closest friend. When Maurice tries to soften the petulant and provincial young girl with the benefit of his wisdom and London culture, their give-and-take surprises both Maurice and Jessie as they discover what they don't know about themselves.  A fairy tale film about the metamorphoses of a child, reacting to each glance with a magic whirlwind, which changes its gender - from a boy it becomes a girl and vice versa. While looking for a solution, the family of this peculiar child meets a family of gypsy-sorcerers. Their abilities are concentrated in their daughter Lily. She makes an extraordinary sacrifice in the name of love. Maurizio, tiny, reckless and full of energy, grew up in the poorest outskirts of Reggio Calabria, he argues with spiteful hens, speaks to wise donkeys and fights for his dream: to play the snare drum in the neighbourhood band. Casper and Emma spends their summer holiday at Emma's family cabin. They find a chest that Emma's grandfather buried on the beach when he was young. It contains a treasure map that will lead them to a hidden treasure. Camp New: Humble Pie is an over-the-top Christian comedy for the entire family. Join the camp coordinators as they learn about walking in the fruit of the Spirit. Archer Ace is new to camp and with a lot of pride to boot. He challenges fellow coordinator, Penny, to a duel of athleticism that will prove, once and for all, who the greatest camp coordinator is. Meanwhile, Miss Mo and Penny try to keep camp running smooth when division starts sneaking in. They can't agree on the name of the fall extravaganza - or is it bonanza? Things fall further out of control when Miss Mo's pottery comes up missing and camp pranksters are on the loose. A full investigation ensues. Camp New has triumph and defeat, happy and unhappy campers (pun fully intended), and lessons of love, peace, and patience - all served up with a nice slice of "Humble Pie". The last major cold snap of the twentieth century. An inventory of Paris locations: the Champ de Mars, the Invalides, the Grand Palais, the Bois de Boulogne. On the eve of the admissions cycle for New York City kindergartens, Alex and Greg Wheeler have high hopes for four-year-old Jake. The director of Jake's preschool encourages them to accentuate Jake's gender expansive behavior to help him stand out. As Alex and Greg navigate their roles as parents, a rift grows between them, one that forces them to confront their own concerns about what's best for Jake, and each other. Two young boys must decide what is more important for them - duty or friendship. The Dark Knight of Gotham City confronts a dastardly duo: Two-Face and the Riddler. Formerly District Attorney Harvey Dent, Two-Face believes Batman caused the courtroom accident which left him disfigured on one side. And Edward Nygma, computer-genius and former employee of millionaire Bruce Wayne, is out to get the philanthropist; as The Riddler. Former circus acrobat Dick Grayson, his family killed by Two-Face, becomes Wayne's ward and Batman's new partner Robin. A vet and an engineer cause chaos in their families when they object to their arranged marriage. A telepathic dog enlists a group of fun loving kids to help him solve a mystery. The K-9 detective leads the children down a road filled with action and adventure. Sujatha, mother of a teenaged girl, nurses a dream to educate her daughter by doing multiple jobs at houses and factories. However, her daughter Athira doesn't take education seriously, believing that being the off spring of a domestic help, she too will end up the same. A dismayed Sujatha is on the lookout for ways to rouse Athira's competitive spirit. Anjani has not forgotten how her son almost lost his life. Now to protect him, she shelters him in abid to keep him from harming himself again. She doesn't even allow him to go out of the house. When his father Senapati Kesari returns from war, he is upset to find that his brave son has become a scared little boy. Maruti feels bad that his father isn't proud of him, and prays to God to make him the bravest kid in the world.  God answers his prayers and leads Maruti into a series of jungle adventures. His experiences and new friends lead him to metamorphose from a Bhola-Bhala Bajrangi to HANUMAN DA DAMDAAR! In the midst of her wedding, a young girl tries to save a 28 year old love marriage, of her future in-laws, which is falling apart. The story of based on the life Rohini (played by Neha Saxena), the widow of a communist leader in Kannur who was killed in a political fight. It narrates the story after her husband's death. Summer begins and Fernando feels like hitting the road to meet a few ex-girlfriends. After spending some time with them, he feels the urge to become a father again. Back in Madrid, he tries to see how this could be done...  Max Slim is inventor, but not the best. With all his findings, something is wrong. But when the rest of his brilliant inventors famile are taken to the annual inventions festival by their major competitor Teslison, Max is the only one who can save the Slim Family. Film detayi. Yusuf and Ali are two little friends. Friends have lost Ahmet and believe that he is in heaven. For this reason, Ahmet is making gifts from his hands to announce his voices. To get to the 7th floor of the wing, they will join the villages with the minds of the villagers, and they will be adventurously adventurous. The film aims to show the Prophet Muhammad's exodus from Mirac's eyes, not from their world.  Join the world renowned expert, Adrian Gilbert (a best-selling author of numerous books on the subject including The Orion Mystery), as he explores the world of the alchemists both ancient and modern. Gilbert discusses the symbols, Egypt, the Emerald Tablet, chemistry, the Black Mass, the Philosopher's Stone, Carl Jung, psychology and the shadow self. This film is a must for all those seeking wisdom. Did our ancestors understand more than us? All the answers and much more will be explained. This is uniquely filled with wisdom and insight that you'll be able to watch again and again. A must for all of those on the path to enlightenment. Part Nine of a series of Invisible College lectures, you'll want to collect the whole set. World Wide Multi Media brings you quality video content from around the globe. An older brother is a washed-up boxer. His younger brother is a genius pianist with physical disability. The brothers make up through their mother who is full of stories of her past. Rui writes a screenplay for her filmmaker boyfriend. Meiko is suspended from her acting career. Forgotten as it is, two women suffers "irresistible oblivion" and "nowhere-ness" in modern Japan. Simee Smith, a famous Pop Singer, has lost her way in the music industry. When she falls in love with a regular guy, she feels there may be hope. But sometimes your past comes back to haunt you. Spanning nearly 40 years from 1925 to 1964, two Texas farm boys; straight-arrow Gid and laid-back Johnny fight over the affections of the beautiful and headstrong Molly Taylor, who consistently refuses to marry either of them. After Custer and the 7th Cavalry are wiped out by Indians, everyone expects the worst. Capt. Nathan Brittles is ordered out on patrol but he's also required to take along Abby Allshard, wife of the Fort's commanding officer, and her niece, the pretty Olivia Dandridge, who are being evacuated for their own safety. Brittles is only a few days away from retirement and Olivia has caught the eye of two of the young officers in the Company, Lt. Flint Cohill and 2nd Lt. Ross Pennell. She's taken to wearing a yellow ribbon in her hair, a sign that she has a beau in the Cavalry, but refuses to say for whom she is wearing it. Teenagers at a correctional facility devise a plan to rob an armored van. A 20 something girl Yoshiko is having sex with her boyfriend when a shocking telephone call arrives - grandpa has passed away. The lightning from clear sky doesnt derail only the life of Yoshiko but summons the rest of the dysfunctional Haruno family to the ancenstral country house to pay their respects to the deceased - and unleash their quarrels between themselves and with the world at large. Kate is a young woman subscribed to bad decisions. Her last date with disaster? That of having accepted to work as Santa's elf for a department store. However, she meets Tom there. Her life takes a new turn. For Kate, it seems too good to be true. When a new airplane that's equipped with a new computer that can fly the plane on its own, is about to have its first flight. But the son of the owner decides to upload more software, he doesn't bother to check if there are any viruses with it. And he also invites some potential investors to try it. So the plane appears to be working well but suddenly it veers off course and it can't be shut down. When the military learns of this and fears what if something happens if it's over a populated area; decides to shoot it down along with everyone on board. The man who built the computer whose wife is among the passengers thinks if he can get on board he might be able to shut it down and regain control of the plane. So the military using a new plane gets him on board. But what he didn't know is that both pilots are incapacitated so there's no one who can fly the plane. Karin Oriyama, 16 years old. She is in high school and... she's about to get married!  Two men in her life and she does not know who to choose to be her life partner. Tough decision to take but by not taking a decision she makes it more tough not just for herself but for all around her. Taking a decision matters but taking it at right time matters more. And taking the right decision, of course, all important. The musical adventure of the 16-year-old Jasmine who goes to Suriname to attend a song contest, but secretly is looking for her mother. (Sinhalese: dhrmyuddhy) is a 2017 Sri Lankan Sinhala Family drama film directed by Indian director Cheyyar Ravi and produced by MTV Channel for Sirasa Films of The Capital Maharaja Organization Limited and is distributed by M Entertainments.It is a Sinhala remake of the Indian Malayalam- language film Drishyam originally written by Jeethu Joseph. Dharmayuddhaya follows the story of Harishchandra; a self-made businessman, loved and respected by all in the area. His wife and two children are his most valued treasures of his life and he spends lot of time watching films which is his hobby.  Due to a stranger who enters their lives, his life along with the lives of his wife and daughters' change unexpectedly A school student loves his classmate, who also harbours feelings for him. But when her rich, powerful family questions her, she lies that she isn't love with him, and this plays havoc on the boy's family. A group of young men kidnaps a politician-gangster, who is awaiting the results of an election. What are they after? A devastated youngster awaits a chance to take revenge on his father's murderer, who is seen as a leader in a village. A college professor who moonlights as a forensic psychiatrist for the FBI, receives a death threat claiming he has only 88 minutes to live. Bertram's uncle, a petty criminal, hurls him and the whole family into the kidnapping of a rich man's son to get money for a new flat after they've been kicked out by the bailiff. But things don't go quite as planned. The film is an action-packed gangster comedy for the whole family, a kind of "Ocean's Eleven" for children and the young at heart. A rebellious city teen moves to her dying mother's horse ranch in the country and embraces a new way of life. Semi-true story of the Hollywood murder that occurred at a star-studded gathering aboard William Randolph Hearst's yacht in 1924. A Metro Family decides to fight a Cyber Criminal threatening their stability and pride. The clock and whistle above a factory door sound for lunch, and the workers run out. A bear tries to eat his sandwich, but it opens like a big mouth, when he opens... Futing, who returns to the tribe on vacation, is suddenly told to replace his grandfather to participate in Sacepo' (sea festival). However, as it's already difficult for Futing to speak his own mother tongue, how could he catch fish in the sea? Just when he is about to escape, he meets Lisin, a lovely girl who stays in the tribe to work in exchange for board and lodging. Her eyes are full of admiration immediately when she hears that Futing is going to participate in the sea festival. In order to win the hearts of Lisin, Futing tries his best to learn how to fish in the sea. After her seven children fled Syria seeking refuge worldwide, 80-year-old Susu finds herself with no other choice but to leave Damascus and move to Dubai to live with her daughter's family. Despite the security she enjoys in the Gulf city, she remains persistent in her desire to return to the now-empty, family house in the country that millions of people have left.  Nepalese youths leave their motherland to foreign land. Seventeen year old, Emma joins a high school cheerleading team when she moves to Australia with her dad who is a former Air Force Officer. Ten-year-old Jovan was born with partial cerebral palsy. Shy, self-conscious and without many friends, he often escapes in his imagination to a place where he is a crime-fighting superhero not limited by his own body. His world shifts when a new girl arrives in his class. Milica, not intimidated by much, chooses the seat next to Jovan and immediately enlists him to help her free her father from his girlfriend, whom she is convinced is a witch who has placed her father under a spell. When a teacher takes a group of troubled school children on a school trip to Conwy in Wales, the children understand life outside of Liverpool. The devastating Chilean earthquake of 2010 damaged over 370,000 homes. The city of Talca was near its epicentre, leaving many historic neighbourhoods in ruins. CASA ANTUNEZ is an intimate portrait of one beloved home in Talca, and how its destruction reveals a divided family. When the mother sells the adobe ruins to her architect son Jose Luis, his brothers and cousins are sceptical about his intentions. Over three years, we witness their psychological process of losing a childhood home as they confront the future of its land. CASA ANTUNEZ is a poetic homage to the very notion of 'home' after a disaster.   The reinvigorated elderly group that left Earth comes back to visit their relatives. Will they all decide to go back to the planet where no one grows old, or will they be tempted to remain on Earth? The film is adapted according to the true deeds of the "King of the Northwest". China's northwest Tianshan forest, ranger Zhu Guangsheng (Huang Hong ornaments) domesticated brave husk to prevent stealing wood poaching, for this dumping family property, maintenance difficulties. A wandering puppy (Harley ornaments) inadvertently walked into the old Zhu's life, Lao Zhu named it "blue wave", and began to train it to become a forest dog. Extremely popular human blue wave quickly became a good helper Lao Zhu. Set during the Spanish civil war, the story of a commander of a fort Alcazar in Toledo, faithful to general Franco. The wonderful power of folk songs and dances that helps to notice the beauty of the world and human relations. When Andrew was four years old his father learned he had ALS, a fatal and incurable illness. Seventeen years later and now a filmmaker, Andrew documents the experience of Brad, a father with three young boys who also has ALS. What emerges is a portrait of two families documenting the struggles and hopes that they share. Matti is 11 years old and dreams of a family vacation in his father's native country, Finland. He manages to get what he wants by telling a whopping lie. But once they get there, Matti, his younger brother Sami and his parents find themselves without a place to stay, no money and no car in the middle of Finnish wilderness. Only a miracle can save them - or Uncle Jussi, who has been struggling to compete with Matti's father his whole life. This movie based on Salah Naoura's award-winning children book offers entertainment for people of all ages. Hong Kong horror movie. Ming Ming is a 21st Century martial arts princess and lady Robin Hood who steals for love. Her Prince Charming is D, a maverick fighter and irresistible rogue who posted this challenge to his swarms of female admirers; give him 5 million dollars and he'll run away with his benefactress to Harbin. Ming Ming meets D's other girlfriend, Nana, who is a virtual look-alike of Ming Ming. Meanwhile, he disappears from Shanghai without a trace. The only clue he leaves behind is a cryptic phone message. Life flows peacefully in Vinci: Leonardo is struggling with his incredible inventions, Lorenzo helps him and Gioconda observes them mockingly. When A mysterious storyteller comes to town and speaks of a hidden treasure, an adventure begins. Peter Parker and his friends go on a summer trip to Europe. However, they will hardly be able to rest - Peter will have to agree to help Nick Fury uncover the mystery of creatures that cause natural disasters and destruction throughout the continent.  Some may think the ability to recall entire conversations verbatim is a remarkable gift. But to fifty-year-old Dr. Richard Powell, it is a disruptive burden. He is being haunted by words. The words take him back to 1976, to the unforgettable summer when he and his friends of Boy Scout Troup 44 first witness an epic conflict between good and evil. A seemingly perfect couple suddenly end their relationship, much to the chagrin of the parents, who try to speak to their children in their language. En route to a party they are not keen on attending, the Famous Five are almost relieved when Aunt Fanny's car breaks down, stranding them in a small town. To pass the time, they visit the local natural history museum, where some newly-discovered dinosaur bones are being unveiled. Here they meet Marty, who tells them that his father, long dead, supposedly found a complete dinosaur skeleton and made a map of its whereabouts. Unfortunately the map has been stolen. Unable to let a good mystery go unsolved, George, Julian, Dick, Anne and Timmy, join a guided hike through the Valley of Dinosaurs. But their fact-finding mission soon turns into a race to find the dinosaur when they suspect that the thief is one of the group. When a dysfunctional family takes a trip to finally put their beloved grandmother to rest, their broken-down RV tests their patience and faith. Through the grace of God and his guidance, they ultimately learn the true meaning of love and acceptance. A map and the keys to the legendary gold mine of Cactus Jack is bestowed to two kids. A little bit of a scary, fun and adventure ensue as the two work through a series of riddles and clues to find the entrance to the infamous labyrinth of tunnels and traps. A tenacious nurse who helps people that have reached the end of their lives come to terms with God and heaven, is assigned an unexpected patient. Four college seniors open a bogus sex clinic, which unexpectedly mushrooms into a multi-million dollar business. Featuring a young Dennis Quaid in one of his earliest roles and Alan Reed (the original voice of Fred Flintstone) in his final film appearance. Detective Ben Nolan is sent to investigate the story of a convicted prostitute and known drug dealer Linda Grossel. Linda explains that she was kidnapped and held captive for weeks. As the investigation unfolds, Linda's sanity is put to question, leaving Ben to decide whether to go on with the investigation or leave Linda to the fate of the prison system. With the help of her delivery-boy friend, Dilili, a young Kanak, investigates a spate of mysterious kidnappings of young girls that is plaguing Belle Epoque Paris.  In the course of her investigation she encounters a series of extraordinary characters, each of whom provides her with clues that will help her in her quest. Pierre Hunter, a bartender with unyielding optimism, returns to his tiny hometown after his parents' death. When he falls for the enigmatic Stella, Pierre is unknowingly pulled into a cat-and-mouse game that involves a duffel bag full of cash, a haphazard yet determined criminal, and a mystery that will determine all of their fates. A contemporary fable about the ways we struggle to control time and fate in a possibly predetermined universe. A Navy surgeon and a nurse fall in love while serving in Vietnam during the war. Their affection for one another provides a striking contrast to the violence of warfare. Story of Ranta, always hungry, clumsy and infinitely tall teenage boy (so tall that he could tie a necktie for Giraffes). When the gym teacher at his school invites him to play for a basketball team, Ranta's world is turned upside down. So starts an exciting journey, full of unpredictable adventures with his funny friend/manager Smodlak by his side. London Bridges, a fast rising Hollywood starlet, with her pampered pomeranian Latte in tow, arrives on location for "There Will Be Oil" to see that she won't be receiving the star treatment she is used to. Everyone in Tommy's life -- his sister, his dad, his neighbor, even his dog -- is an awesome skateboarder. Everyone except Tommy himself! Sick of getting teased for being a klutz, Tommy accepts a skate-off challenge from the local bully Frankie. Can his friend Alice and his pooch, Buddy, teach Tommy to flip, ollie, grab, and slide in time for the big showdown? 14-year-old Ella is determined to travel the length of the Inside Passage, along the shores of the Great Bear Rainforest by kayak in order to testify against a proposed pipeline that would see oil tanker traffic through her beloved homeland waters. Born to a poor farming family in Brittany, Becassine finds work as a nanny with the Marquise de Grand-Air who has recently adopted a lovely baby named Loulotte. A strong bond develops between Becassine and Loulotte, and life is sweet, until the Grand-Airs are threatened with financial ruin... Can Becassine save the day? Naive, funny, dreamy, optimistic, loving, Becassine is also inventive, courageous and always ready to handle any situation in her own unique way - a superheroine like no other. Cesar-winner Bruno Podalydes returns with a family movie adapted from the beloved French comic book Becassine. Lily's life is turned upside down when she is forced to leave her friends to spend the summer on a remote ranch with her nature-loving aunt. She is surprised to meet an unlikely group of friends and Pistachio, the horse she has an unbreakable bond with. When her aunt is threatened by unfriendly neighbors, Lily knows it is up to her to save the ranch. Alexander is about to embark upon a life of forced independence. Almost 18, he's just finished school and it's time for him to move on from the sheltered security of his mother's home. Diagnosed with autism, he will have to learn even the most menial of tasks: shopping, clipping his nails, tying his own shoes. "No," says Alexander, when asked if he knows what autism means. "Does my mum also say that I'm autistic? I can't figure out if I am autistic or not." Naively trying to bond, as if Alexander's condition could magically disappear, his older brother Sebastian invites him on an exciting adventure: a five-day, boys-only trip to Barcelona, complete with a soccer game, men's-only magazines, a strip club and endless hours together on the road. But in this touching and often lighthearted portrait, good intentions are overcome by reality and excitement may soon turn to frustration. Fairy-tale adaptation. Spring time in April and the last of the cherry blossoms are still in bloom. The usually aloof bookworm with no interest in others comes across a book in a hospital waiting room. Handwritten on the cover are the words: "Living with Dying." He soon discovers that it is a diary kept by his very popular and genuinely cheerful classmate, Sakura Yamauchi, who reveals to him that she is secretly suffering from a pancreatic illness and only has a limited time left. It is at this moment that she gains just one more person to share her secret. Trying to maintain a normal life as much as possible, Sakura is determined to live her life to the fullest until the very last day. As her free spirit and unpredictable actions throw him for a loop, his heart begins to gradually change. The documentary, " Death and the Judge", revolves around Iran's most famous criminal judge, Azizmohammadi. He served as a criminal judge for 45 years and issued about 4500 death sentences; a record in not only Iran, but also the world. This documentary looks into his personal and professional life as he is followed within his home with his family, in the court of law, and in his retirement days. The ultimate purpose of the documentary is to deduce the role of death in the judge's life as he either takes life away from criminals or death comes to his loved ones. During his retirement, he is once again given the choice between the life and death of a person, despite no longer being a judge. Uma, a young and bright student and her father, Job, an excellent musician living a happy and peaceful life together in Kolkata on the east bank of the Hugli River. However, Job, who is always yearning to go back to his homeland, finally returns as Uma agrees to go with him but little do both know that their life would turn upside-down as Uma finds upsetting and disturbing things about her father. She finds solace in an unlikely ally who not helps her mend the relationship with her father but also becomes her soulmate.  A student learns a magic trick.  No matter what your age, if you love trains, we guarantee you ll love this new DVD! It s the biggest collection of trains ever recorded on one program! You ll see big trains, little trains, steam, diesel, freight and passenger trains, even trains from around the world! There s old trains, new trains, fast trains, slow trains, city, country and mountain trains, even trains that blow through snow! Plus, garden trains, scenic trains, electric, monorail and long forgotten trains. And, there s even toy trains, trolley trains and lots of gee whiz golly trains; they re all a part of this exciting collection of the greatest trains in the world! Spectacular close-up camera footage combined with award-winning sing-a-long song music by James Coffey and lots of real-life sounds make the thrilling action of these mighty machines a favorite among young and old alike!  A spirited young girl in small town Australia forms a meaningful bond with a wild emu as she tries to cope with her beleaguered father, a naive social worker, and her own painful grief in the aftermath of her mother's sudden death. Jeerjimbe is a story of adventures of a 13 year old girl from a remote village in Karnataka. The story is based on emotional struggles of a girl when a bicycle enters her life as part of free cycles programs provided by the Government to all high school children in rural areas. Christmas designer Leslie Major (Brely Evans) is the biggest fan of Christmas ever. She is like a tidal wave of Yuletide cheer. Her biggest job every year is decorating the lobby of the famed Chesterton Hotel. As she is on a ladder decorating the tree, she falls into the arms of Edmund James (Andra Fuller) - the grandson of the owner JJ James. Edmund is all business and thinks Christmas is superficial and frivolous. An eight-year-old Sunny Gill has always had a blocked nose, and therefore, no sense of smell. A freak accident gives Sunny the most refined sense of smell ever. The entire dog squad of the country's police force cannot sniff what he can. But is that enough for Sunny and his young pals Google and Twitter to combat a menacing & ruthless gang of car thieves? What starts out with tracing a single missing car in the housing society, ends up busting the heftiest car racket in the country. No villain could ever be as unlikely. But then, neither could the gang of detectives! Takashi Omura (Hiroshi Tanahashi) was once a popular professional wrestler, but he isn't popular anymore. He now wears a cockroach mask and wrestles as a villain. He is married to Shiori (Yoshino Kimura) and they have an elementary school aged son named Shota (Kokoro Terada). Takashi and Shiori have not yet told their son what Takashi does for a living. One day, Shota finds out that Takashi is a professional wrestler and a villain with a cockroach mask. Shota is shocked and tells a lie to his classmate that his dad is a popular professional wrestler. The generation gap between a 56-year-old father and an 18-year-old son results in misunderstanding, distance, and tension between them. A family entertainer, Pappa Tamne Nahi Samjaay has the right balance of comedy and drama, featuring the emotional bond the two protagonists share. The parents of a girl who was killed by a savage dog are granted the opportunity to spend three days with their deceased daughter. Struggling In his freshman year of college, Brandon tries to focus intently on his studies but keeps coming to the same conclusion: dance is his passion. His geeky roommate Nate proposes they start a dance crew, but their search for other freestyle dancers proves fruitless. So they expand their search across town, finding a break-dancer, a performance artist, a Bhangra dancer, an animator, a ballerina, and a ballroom dance mom willing to join the new crew. A national dance battle headlined by Brandon's previous crew, Levelz, provides the first opportunity for Brandon to prove to himself and his family that he and his crew have what it takes to make it as dancers.  While trying to get their lives back on track after the loss of their four year old son, Bryn and Paul Shaw move to the charming old Beacon Apartments. Bryn begins seeing a ghostly little boy skulking around the building. With the help of an eccentric young professor and a tough old beat cop, Bryn tries to uncover the details of the boy's death. Noor Jahaan is the story of two young lovers, Noor (played by Adrit roy) and Jahaan (played by Puja cherry)  PUP STAR is back, with an all-new movie that takes the popular singing dogs on trip around the world, where Tiny and friends find fantastic new songs and meet exciting new canine singers that prove music really is the universal language. A young British girl born and reared in India loses her neglectful parents in an earthquake. She is returned to England to live at her uncle's castle. Her uncle is very distant due to the loss of his wife ten years before. Neglected once again, she begins exploring the estate and discovers a garden that has been locked and neglected. Aided by one of the servants' boys, she begins restoring the garden, and eventually discovers some other secrets of the manor.  An eleven-year-old boy discovers the true meaning of silek (a martial art) when he meets a 60-year-old retired university teacher and former silek warrior that he is resolved to put an end to his feud with his competitors. Soviets battle Latvian independence fighters and their western allies.  FBI chemical warfare expert Stanley Goodspeed is sent on an urgent mission with a former British spy, John Patrick Mason, to stop Gen. Francis X. Hummel from launching chemical weapons on Alcatraz Island into San Francisco. Gen. Hummel demands $100 million in war reparations to be paid to the families of slain servicemen who died on covert operations. After their SEAL team is wiped out, Stanley and John deal with the soldiers on their own. A 30 Year old woman, a hostess past her time working at a shady club and an aspiring actress living in Tokyo. Betrayed by her lover and her dreams crushed, the broken woman leaves Tokyo for her hometown in the countryside after five years of no contact with her family. There she reconnects with an old flame but is also forced to confront some unpleasant truths about her past. Zahid, an American born Muslim who, after struggling with his Islamic roots, explores different aspects of the religion, leading to a deadly calling. In this sequel, the super intelligent artificial robotronic dog, Archie, befriends Gregory, a young boy who is the son of a carnival owner. Gregory is concerned that someone has been stealing from the carnival and enlists his new friend to help find the culprit. Tenzin Banjue, a young Tibetan monk living in the temple, takes a long way back home for the first time to visit his brother who is in a vegetative state from falling off the cliff. Despite finding himself enamored by his brother's fiancee, he refuses his mother's offer to stay and marry her, who at the same time gets a marriage proposal from another man. Struggling between faith to his religion and truth to his heart of love, Tenzin, together with his brother and fiancee, takes on a soul searching journey of five thousand kilometers. Following the end of a stormy love affair, Expressionist artist Oskar Kokoschka enlists in the First World War. After suffering serious injuries in battle, he experiences a series of memories and visions as medics transport him through the forests of the Russian front. Playful and imaginative, I'm OK explores the wounds of heartbreak and trauma. Inspired by the life and art of Oskar Kokoschka (1886-1980). Froze In My Clothes is a 3D-film documentary reviewing personal events in the life of the legendary radio personality Herb 'The Cool Gent' Kent. Likely the first, and only, 3D documentary of any Radio Hall of Fame recipient, this documentary was filmed in stereoscopic-3D four years before Herb Kent's death in October, 2016, bringing to an end over 70 years on air as a Chicago radio personality. Mr. Kent was the first African American inducted into the Radio Hall of Fame, the first African American employee of NBC network serving as intern to Hugh Downs, and holds the Guinness Book of World Records for the 'longest on air radio personality/male'. Herb speaks to the camera in his own words, and we are allowed to document the life and times of this radio legend. Using specialized film processing techniques referred to as Ultra-3D (U3D), anaglyph glasses can be used with virtual elimination of typical color distortions that have previously made anaglyphy 3D less desirable. In 1963 at Michigan State University, Head Coach Duffy Daugherty chose 23 black men to play on the college team. From this move came legends Gene Washington, Bubba Smith, George Webster and Clinton Jones. Director Maya Washington, Gene Washington's daughter, charts the legacy of her father's career and influence, along with the impact the events of 1963 have shown in the present day. Halvdan is not a proper Viking. He's having a limp and is regarded by the other kids as a strange loner with no friends, except for the village blacksmith Bjorn who's taken care of him since Halvdan's father left on a plundering trip. Across the mighty river there's an enemy village that has been in a feud with Halvdan's tribe for as long as anyone can remember. One day during Halvdan's lonely excursions to the river he encounters Meia, the daughter of the enemy village ruler. A heart-warming and funny family adventure about bridging differences and forbidden friendship unfolds On her 7th birthday, Princess Barbara discovers a magical book that transports her to Wonderland - an enchanted place filled with dragons and fantastic creatures. A runaway bride, Kate, making herself scarce for the holidays, meets a ski patrol rescuer, Jason, at a resort. Her December days begin to brighten, until her parents and jilted fiance, Alex, show up at the mountain to reset the wedding for Christmas. The duo from the popular detective series gets their first serious job. The Hammurabi Contest stands a chance of becoming a great event at the school in Valleby. The prize is an ancient book containing the rules of solving disputes. Short before the contest starts, the book disappears in mysterious circumstances. Without the book, the contest will not take place! All the effort and dedication of pupils would be for nothing, and the school would lose its prestige. Jerry and Maja are involved from the very beginning, trying to find the lost book. Will the kids find the underlying cause of the case? A white dove will help them solve the mystery... Overview Coming Soon... Your little princess will want to follow her dreams as she tags along on an adventure with two of Disney's most popular princesses in this new animated fairy tale. Aurora, star of the beloved classic Sleeping Beauty, and Jasmine, from the Academy Award-winning film Aladdin, journey to faraway lands and make new discoveries about themselves. Two New York City girls make a pact to lose their virginity during their first summer out of high school. When they both fall for the same street artist, the friends find their connection tested for the first time. Light-hearted look at early human efforts to fly, hosted by Orville, the albatross, for the pre-show of PSA's Circle-Vision attraction at Disneyland. Raj Tharun is a kleptomaniac. He can't stop himself from stealing small things. Even when he falls in love with the beautiful Amyra Dastur, he couldn't restrain himself from stealing. That creates a huge problem for his love life as Amyra's father hates criminals. Two children rests their trust in a fish they name Pipsi Ambika, little Ishu's favourite aunt, has gone missing after the evil village quack has declared her as a witch. Will Ishu get her back A dramatic reconstruction of the lives of two sisters, living in the suburbs of Manchester, in a house that has never changed from its Victorian origins. While sketching one day, 13 year old Jo encounters a mysterious art dealer who buys a few of her drawings and commissions her to do some more. Some time thereafter she reads a news story about a million dollar sale of some drawings of a young Vincent Van Gogh. She enlists the aid of some friends and heads to Amsterdam in search of the mystery man. Or, should she go to 19th century Arles in search of Vincent himself? K3 is special guest on a cruise ship. They have to perform on the ball, and expectations are high. But during the cruise a lot goes wrong. Especially because of all the sabotage from Elvin the Pearl Elf. Of course Hanne, Klaasje and Marthe will be singing many new songs. Dramatised origin story of one of Germany's most beloved contemporary comedians. Since the moment they met at age 5, Rosie and Alex have been best friends, facing the highs and lows of growing up side by side. A fleeting shared moment, one missed opportunity, and the decisions that follow send their lives in completely different directions. As each navigates the complexities of life, love, and everything in between, they always find their way back to each other - but is it just friendship, or something more?  Based on Cecelia Ahern's bestselling novel, LOVE, ROSIE is a heart-warming, modern comedy-of-errors posing the ultimate question: do we really only get one shot at true love? Manuel Barbero, father of a sexual abuse victim, and Joaquin Benitez, the pederast who abuse the son of Manuel and 20 more children, are the main characters of this documentary. The director of the film approaches these key figures of this story with a work of journalistic investigation. For the first time, a pederast speaks and confesses with his face uncovered in a documentary. The turbulent relationship between Oskar and Alex ends in a big blaze, Alex has set fire in Oskar's apartment. So Oskar decides that everything shall be different with the next one and he makes a deal with fun-loving Masha: sleeping together but no making love. They both drift through Berlin and through their lives, sometimes playful, sometimes obsessively. And even Masha has her issues. While trying to build up a "normal" relationship, both Masha and Oskar reach their limits.  - Written by Claudia Romdhane Satyendra aka Sattu and Aarti meet for a proposed arranged marriage and fall in love in the process. On the night of their marriage, an unexpected turn of events turns their world upside down. Set in the backdrop of India's civil services, Shaadi Mein Zaroor Aana explores the challenges that Satyendra and Aarti face as a middle-class couple in India. Jas lives together with his father, who is a truck driver and spends lot of time away from home. One day, Jas finds a girl and an old lady hiding in the barn. They call themselves Neia and Alva and have strange clothes and hair. They say they live in the woods but cannot return. Soon, couple of secret service agents show up and start asking a lot of questions. Soon they figure out that they're poachers looking for healing gem of the elves. Jas, together with his best friend Isaac, decides to help their new friends against the poachers. Another Sune start in Sune Anderssons class. The new Sune try to get Sofie "Sune Andersons' crush". Sune Andersson get jealous and start with a plan to destroy the relationship between the new Sune and Sofie. Yearning to reunite with his father in Kaohsiung city, Manawei joins his elementary school's dance troupe. After a clerical insemination error, an acquiescent woman must choose between her conservative husband and a child that has eluded her. A pig farmer, a busboy, a salon owner, an expat architect and a jaded rich girl cross paths as thousands of dead pigs float down the Yangtze River toward Shanghai. ADRISHYA is an Emotional thriller which explores the intricacies of a child - Parent believe in knowing each other. A never seen Child anxiety and its evil effect that will make you emotional and cry. Twist and turns in the movie will hold your breath by a high degree of Adventure and Suspense. Debutant Director Sandeepp Chatterjee says, I was fascinated by the idea of exploring Biggest Disadvantage of a Nuclear Family. "Heroes above all" is about 4 friends whose popularity increases by a movie about their spectacular construction, which has been watch millions of times. Because of the fame Sieg gets all high and mighty and he thinks that the heroes should travel like real stars. He plans a week long trip to a luxury spa and relax resort in the Ardennes. Maureen is bored to death and she challenges her friends to go on an adventurous trip into the wild. But Sieg is stubborn whereby Nico and Dempsey are caught between the two fronts. When Maureen decides to go alone, she faces a great danger. More than ever should the heroes be creative to save each other and their friendship. Heroes above all.  The main character of the film is 11-year-old Gaja. She presents to us her unusual family and the world in which she lives. After Mother's departure to Africa on the mission of the Doctors without Borders, this world undergoes a significant change. Her father must learn how to take care of his daughters on his own. Gaja has a sister, Tea who because of her teenage naivety gets herself into a world of online threats and crime. But clever and crafty Gaja is capable to handle all the problems. Her best friend Matic, a computer genius is always under attack of his more powerful classmates, but Gaja is not afraid of anyone. She proves that the weaker can be the strongest if the brains and the heart are in the right place. Despite occasional violations of the rules Gaja's decisions match that cordial and sincere world that always touches us. Whatever happens, Gaja is not a passive observer - she always bravely takes matters into her own hands.  Lois, 16, has only one dream: becoming an astronaut. However, although she's gifted in physics, she has a big problem: Lois weighs over 200 pounds - a family trait she's inescapably stuck with. Then, just when everything seems lost, Lois meets Amelie, Stannah, and Justine: three teenagers shattered, like her, by life's tough breaks; yet ready for anything in order to leave with her for outer space... For Seth Morrison, skiing is much more than a sport or job, it's a way of life. It's not a privilege he was born with; it's a passion he discovered on his own. Through hard work and dedication, Morrison has become one of the best skiers in the world. The Ordinary Skier traces his journey from the middle class suburbs of Chicago to the Colorado Rockies and into the underground ski-bum subculture that would eventually become Freeskiing. This is the story of how a collection of misfits turned an elite sport upside down, and how an ordinary kid chased his dream and became one of skiing's most iconic heroes. Bhalwan Singh is desperate to stand against the British Empire, but he is not sure how to do it. Whilst he tries hard, all his efforts go in vain and he even fails to impress the girl of his dreams. Slowly, Bhalwan Singh and his friend, Dittu decide to take things into their own hands and kidnap a British architect. Soon, things start to fall in place for the duo in the most funny way and Bhalwan gets noticed that he yearns for. When Tong Yueyue, a power engineer, and her designer husband Ma Jiancheng are driving home, they accidentally hit a woman in the street, severely injuring her. Feeling guilty, the couple returns to the scene and gets the woman to the hospital.  Two pedestrians witness only their return, and the couple is heralded as the victim's saviors. After Tong finds a money order in the victim's belongings which contains her address she contrives an excuse to go to Dongshan Village where she learns about the woman and her challenging life.  When Gu Guihua, the victim, recovers but has amnesia, she is taken into Tong's home. Eventually Tong's guilt proves to be too much, and she begins to set things right. In this unique and dynamic live concert experience, Louis C.K.'s exploration of life after 40 destroys politically correct images of modern life with thoughts we have all had...but would rarely admit to. The new adventures of the three heroes and, of course, the horse Yuliya!!!!. Where will the fate of the fairy tale heroes, who have fallen in love with them still go, what challenges do they have to overcome, that will help them defeat the dark forces? We will find out about this very soon. A brother and sister who befriend a badly sunburned dolphin separated from his family and uncover a secret plan that could destroy the beach and their new friend's home. The kids must devise a clever plan to stop the bad guys, protect the sea life, and, most importantly, save their best friend, Bernie. Deni is trying to find himself. His soul-searching takes him on the traces of his childhood, in the snowy landscapes of Kazakhstan. In an apartment decorated with thick drapes, he encounters his Chechen family and his patriarchal culture. At the mosque, or in the boxing gym, he discovers the closeness of the men of his "clan". They are all virile and settled in their lives. He is struggling to find his place. The Remainder' is a biographical document of a mother, Madhumanti, who is not a biological mom, but a step mother. Biswajit, a dear friend of Madhumanti, is a writer himself and he is the ... Set over the course of a single evening at the Reynolds' family home in Connecticut, Clara, fed up with the constant ribbing from her self-absorbed showbiz family, finds solace in and guidance from the supernatural force she believes is haunting her. Tells the story of Daniela (Maricarmen Marin), a fighter woman who cares for four children and a few days before Christmas, a fact that changes their lives forever, demonstrating that love and union overcomes all challenges. Zip and Zap track down honey thieves, encountering many new friends during their adventure.  A hapless parole officer is framed for murder by a crooked police chief. To prove his innocence he must entice his former clients away from the law abiding lives they are now living to recover the evidence that will save him. Popoy and Basha had been together forever. Their love story began when they first met as students at university. They had been inseparable and did everything together--eating, studying and attending parties. However, Popoy's incessant planning and nagging took a toll on their relationship leading Basha to break-up with him. Serving Sara is a 2002 romantic comedy film which stars Matthew Perry, Elizabeth Hurley and Bruce Campbell. Joe Tyler (Perry) is a process server who is given the assignment to serve Sara Moore (Hurley) with divorce papers. An would-be immigrant seeks a marriage partner to secure him citizenship. Vamanapuram Bus Route movie is all about Lever Johnny who is a bus conductor. e beats up everything and anybody who comes in his way and showers abuses at everybody. This drama every night disturbs the Vamanapuram village. The trouble of Lever Johny started with the railway gate that separates the village from other regions always lying closed and the road is not tarred due to which the bus does not come to the village. The village is filled with idiots (Vamanans) and their chief is Gopalan Nair. Panchayat president Gopalan Nair, a man famous for his wickedness wants to start a bus service in his village. The opposition party in the village panchayat is against this idea, as they suspect Nair This is a story of four friends &amp; school buddies. Out of them, only Ashim is an earning person, he is a doctor. Earlier, they started a Bangla Band, where Hari was the lead singer, but they were heavily thrashed by the public in a stage show in North Bengal. They decided not to sing any more. Then they started a traveling agency. On their first trip, they start the journey with only 9 passengers and a girl who later joins them. The film deals with their journey via Kalimpong. The ten passengers are of ten different types and also the four tour operators are of four different natures. As the journey progresses, their characters were revealed one by one. A young photographer moves back in with his mother and has to adjust to his old hometown. Things get more challenging when she appoints him as her dating coach in order to spend more time together. Lillebror moves with Twigson and his family to the western part of Norway, but he dreams of even bigger expeditions, like going to the North Pole. A couple at their wits' end with their video game addicted son turn to God for help. Heejung hopes to leave Daegu and transfer to a university in Seoul. She works at a ticket office for paddle boats to save up for her tuition. One day while she dozes off, someone attempts suicide. The short film Redneck Muslim explores the life and work of Shane Atkinson, a hospital chaplain in-training at North Carolina's biggest trauma center and founder of the on-line group the 'Society of Islamic Rednecks.' A 45-year old, white "good old boy" from Mississippi who converted to Islam in 1999, Shane is exploring ways to honor his Southern heritage while also challenging white supremacy. Dhh is a heartwarming story of 3 friends (Gungun, Bajrang and Vakil) and their journey towards realising their true potential. An afternoon of sauntering leads them to a magic show and leaves them awestruck. Magic, it seems is a solution for all their problems including mathematics. The boys write to the Magician asking him for a trick to ace their examinations. Days go by and times get tougher with punishments at school and warnings at home. All hope is lost, but one fine day the Magician replies. His letter arrives with a parcel that claims to hold the key to cracking their examinations. Can this be true? In pursuit of learning from magic Gungun and his friends soon realise, that there is a lot more learning to be done from life itself. It's the 1980s in rural Ghana, and Atswei is heavily pregnant and desperate to get to Ateke to deliver her baby. But when she and husband Boi miss the morning train -- the only means of transport to the city -- the hapless couple are left stranded in the blazing sun with only Boi's boombox for encouragement. A madcap race against time follows in this colorful screwball comedy, with wry but affectionate nods to Ghanaian traditions and gender dynamics. It is Hallowaiian on the Big Island of Hawaii, so excitement and mischief are in the air. Three young friends, Kai, Eddie and Leilani uncover a mysterious idol in a secret cave whilst catching some waves at sunset. They quickly uncover that they've unleashed an ancient evil upon the island in the form of a giant pineapple-headed monster. The kids find help in some mystical friends and discover that in order to vanquish the evil, Kai must uncover his heritage, and believe the ancient stories of his ancestors. After the loss of their mother, 17-year-old Dylan, his two sisters, and father are forced to move back to the small town where their parents met and grew up. While getting back on their feet, the family stays with their eccentric Aunt Norah and tries to adjust to a new life. They meet a quirky neighborhood kid, Pete, who convinces them to embark on a "bucket-list" type adventure inspired by a list found in their Dad's high school storage boxes. The task is not as easy as it seems and ultimately teaches everyone about managing grief, moving forward, and the importance of family. Twelve years old Gena is going to the village for summer vacation for the very first time. Aasma is a story about lives of six friends, set out on a mission : a mission to touch the sky with their brilliance, talent and sheer dedication. The success story of a theatre group that embodies the love and togetherness amongst these friends. It's a story of people who have faith in spite of the agonies and tribulations that life presents to each of them.  After watching her mother die gradually from a broken heart, Roberta, an illegitimate child, decides to seek vengeance from her father Bradley, who ran away before she was born. Bradley is wealthy now, and so Roberta secures a job as his secretary and schemes to ruin his financial empire. An Irish undertaker profits when outlaws take over a peaceful town, but his own family come under threat as the death toll increases dramatically.  An epic mosaic of many interrelated characters in search of happiness, forgiveness, and meaning in the San Fernando Valley. A father in financial problems takes his son on vacation as he tries to solve his life. A couple of bumbling burglars are mistaken as two aliens by a talking cat that watches too many conspiracy videos. Regardless it's up to Ms. Whiskers and her rat friend, Chuck, to capture them and save Christmas. Dasari Sivaji is a stage artiste on the lookout for his long-lost daughter Gayatri . What happened that broke his family apart? Will he ever reunite with his daughter, is what 'Gayatri' is all about. Having made her debut with the autobiographical documentary The Duckling, Ono Sayaka directs, shoots, and edits this documentary focusing on Japan's sexual minorities.  After a man starts to wear women's clothing simply hoping to be stylish, he finds himself attracted to men. After falling instantly in love with a beautiful girl, she is a "he". As the intimate moments and unpleasant complications of lovers are captured on camera, the truly ambiguous, diverse, and confusing aspects of sexuality are revealed. Filmmaker Paul Gallasch is 30 and still lives at home with his mentally ill mother. When he meets the woman of his dreams, Paul decides that if he's ever going to make a new life of his own, he must first find a cure for his mother's illness. A society sleuth rescues a kidnapped woman, then is framed for murder. A century after the Wicked Witch, the Emerald City is at the mercy of a once-revered hero, and salvation comes from the wrench of young Victoria Wright. Rediscover old friends and meet new heroes in this new tale set in the Land of Oz. When the diabolical Professor Ratigan kidnaps London's master toymaker, the brilliant master of disguise Basil of Baker Street and his trusted sidekick Dawson try to elude the ultimate trap and foil the perfect crime. Dreaming the Quiet Man' includes interviews with aficionados of Ford like, Martin, Scorsese, Peter Bogdanovicz, Jim Sheridan, William Dowling,  and Joe McBride. There is mesmeric archive and rare photographs of the making of the film. The main location of the documentary is Ford's ancestral homeland of Connemara, on the west coat of Ireland, where his parents were born. We meet Ford's cousins, the Feeney's who  tell the story of Ford's parent's departure from Ireland after the Great Famine and the young Ford's return to Ireland in 1922 to visit his cousins the Thornton's and saw their house being burned down by the infamous Black and Tans. Ford,  under the pretense of scouting locations for a movie,  gave money to the IRA.  We travel to Portland Maine where Ford grew up and went on to become a director in the first bloom of Hollywood. The boy made it good but Ireland was always on his mind.   Akira is widowed and left with a pre-teen stepson. Travelling with him to her late husband's hometown, she meets her odd father-in-law and yet decides to make a go of living and working there. She attends training and joins the railway company where her father-in-law works and her late man dreamt of ending up as a child. The closing of a small shipbuilder in New England places stresses on the people involved. A young boy wins a tour through the most magnificent chocolate factory in the world, led by the world's most unusual candy maker. Family / Adventure - Children and parents alike will love this captivating and charming version of the story of Noah's ark and the great flood, uniquely told from the animals' point of view. Vincent, a friendly young koala, tells others about his portentous dream that a dangerous flood is coming. When they only laugh at him in response, we see that in the animal kingdom there is much of the same cruelty and thoughtlessness that plagues humankind. But when Vincent finds Noah building his ark, he discovers new proof that his dream may come true! Gentle Breath portrays a current family in the city longing for a better tomorrow. Angela Cristina, mother of teenager Maria de Lourdes, has to deal with the difficulties and delights of guiding her daughter during one of the most complicated stages of life. Studying under a disciple of Aleister Crowley, the leader of an upper class group invokes a supernatural force that slowly devours the village of Marienbad and its inhabitants, threatening to spread beyond its geographical limits. The mayor from the town nearby commissions the building of a dam which would flood the valley and therefore submerge the village forever sealing the evil force under water after leader and his followers were incapacitated to be kept from escaping. However, fate ensured the leader's freedom as he remained in the depths when the waters covered Marienbad. Now 40 years later an array of disappearances and deaths in mysterious circumstances are threatening the town next to the reservoir that now covers Marienbad. At the age of 35, Ece is the assistant general manager of a company that produces baby diapers. There is a happy relationship with her lover Alper. Because of Ece, they can not get married. At this very moment, the 10-year-old Ruzgar, a snatching gang member who unexpectedly enters their lives, will change everything. The heroes who try to beat the street gang are thrown into an adventure that will make them a great family. Mumbai Pune Mumbai 3 shows Gautam and Gauri's after marriage life. It is the sequel of the 2015 film Mumbai Pune Mumbai 2 (2015). Trek follows a young Mormon teenager named Tom and his friends on their handcart journey. Along the way they try to smuggle in unsanctioned food, battle sibling rivalry, encounter a "special ops" Young Men's leader, match wits with a twinkie-loving skunk, and ponder doctrinal brain teasers like, "Do general Authorities go to PG-13 movies?" But, when they encounter unexpected trouble, their faith is tested much like their pioneer ancestors. Two classmates are trying to find a mysterious lake inhabited with a few feet long fishes. An American teenager who is obsessed with Hong Kong cinema and kung-fu classics makes an extraordinary discovery in a Chinatown pawnshop: the legendary stick weapon of the Chinese sage and warrior, the Monkey King. With the lost relic in hand, the teenager unexpectedly finds himself travelling back to ancient China to join a crew of warriors from martial arts lore on a dangerous quest to free the imprisoned Monkey King. Ayumi Hamasaki Arena Tour 2009 A: Next Level is the twelfth concert tour DVD by the Japanese pop singer Ayumi Hamasaki. It was released on the April 14, 2010, the same day of the release of Rock 'n' Roll Circus. On the Oricon weekly chart, it peaked at second place and is currently still charting. The tour was a major sell out across Japan, spanning over 32 shows across the country. The tour broke attendance records, playing to 400,000 fans across Japan. An epic journey, faithfully adapted to modern-day. Christian faces distractions, challenges, and perils at every turn of the way. But ends victorious, with helpful guides, as he stays on the narrow path to the distant Celestial City. Throughout the world, roses speak an unmistakeable language. They have touched and seduced mankind for thousands of years, while their names and varieties reflect contemporary history. One of the most famous varieties - the Gloria Dei or Peace Rose - has elevated the rose to a symbol of world-peace. Anoop loves Roopa D'Souza, and will do anything to marry her. But Roopa has some doubts about him. Eventually, he does manage to convince her that he is worthy of her love, and she consents. Shortly after that Roopa's mom, Rosy, passes away; Roopa is involved in an accident, and hospitalized. When Roopa returns home, Anoop comes to visit her, and is shocked to find her in bed with Ravi. Roopa refuses to clarify, and it is up to Anoop to wait for Roopa to change her mind, or to marry someone else. A retired horse trainer finds a young runaway girl in his barn. Skeptic at first, he let's her stay and a friendship develops while he discovers her heart and talent for horses. The Golden Ball is a wonderful children's film that tells of a young boy's dream of being a soccer player. Whenever a match is broadcast live in the village of Makono, Bandian and his brother keep their ears to the transistor radio, spinning a picture of the game from the announcer's commentary much as they fantasize themselves on the field. A gift of a real soccer ball, which Bandian paints gold, like a magical object involves him in a series of adventures which bring him in reach of his dream, but which also require him to make difficult choices. On a mission to get God's attention in hopes that God will heal his sister from terminal cancer, a young boy begins answering the prayers left by church members in the pastor's prayer box after the pastor throws them away, jaded by his own suffering. The girls are good friends at junior high school. Three of them seem to adjust and move forward upon entering high school, but the fourth of them is not having a seamless time of it. High school is not comfortable and the transition is full of memories, nostalgia and yearning. This is the story of a sixteen-year-old girl and also a camera. Kanazawa Shutter Girl picks up inspiration from the manga, and the subsequent movie, called Tokyo Shutter Girl and is helmed by one of its predecessor's's directors. Deep in the mountains, hidden in a forest, there is a village populated only by women who ran away from home to commit suicide in the area. It was founded by Onikuma, a strong-willed yet kind-hearted mother and village head-woman who fled from the city with her daughter, Kagu who was 14-years-old and pregnant with the titular Kushina. The film follows Agustina as she finds the videotapes that her father Jaime recorded before the accident that took his life. The family secrets surrounding Jaime push Agustina to get involved. Her search will reveal a story marked by sexuality and political activism. Raj Tharun is a kleptomaniac. He can't stop himself from stealing small things. Even when he falls in love with the beautiful Amyra Dastur, he couldn't restrain himself from stealing. That creates a huge problem for his love life as Amyra's father hates criminals. A suicidal high school student, a ramen shop owner closing shop after the passing of his wife, and a cuisine researcher stranded in the Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region get connected due to a bowl of ramen. A teenage boy is hired along with the music group of his father by a Zamindar (landlord) for entertaining him until the annual flood is over in the Haor region of East Bengal. But the boy finds out that he has to do something more than the rest of the members of the group are required- he has to satisfy the landlord sensually as well. The wife of the landlord cannot stand this new 'rival' of hers and conspires to kill the boy. Fishtronaut, Marina and Zeek travel to the big city in search of Grandpa, only to find that everyone else has mysteriously vanished too. A film about the special relationship between a religious teenager and a lonely, old, atheist widower. Through their preparation for a spiritual celebration, the boy becomes the teacher and tries to restore the old man's faith and trust. The old man slowly opens up and allows himself to remember. He finally breaks his 70-year silence about that terrible time in history when he lost his family, his childhood and his faith. A beautiful girl, Snow White, takes refuge in the forest in the house of seven dwarfs to hide from her stepmother, the wicked Queen. The Queen is jealous because she wants to be known as "the fairest in the land," and Snow White's beauty surpasses her own. A family moves back to Miami to take care of its widowed abuela. After moving into a haunted house, the family learns the intentions of the ghosts that inhabit it. PADDAYI is the story of Madhava and Sugandhi. They are a newly married couple from the fishing community in India. Driven by ambition, they bring upon them selves an epic tragedy. The young Sem wants to go to Iceland and the place where is late father left his mark. Together with his best friend Mo, he sets up a crew for the expedition. But is everyone just as determent as Sem to reach Iceland? Priyathama Neevachata Kusalama is a 2013 Telugu film directed by Trinadha Rao Nakkina starring Varun Sandesh, Haasika and Komal Jha in the Lead Roles. J. Samba Siva Rao produced this film and Sai Karthik provided the music  Throughout the country there is only one child who never puts her shoe: Floor. If she wants something, she just asks her rich father, the baron. Until Floor wants a pool full of chocolate items one day.  Tells about Abah and Emak who have to face problems. Then their two children, Euis and Ara must face the new situation that befell their family. Euis who had to change schools and adapt to her new friends, and Abah who had to change jobs. A simple family story full of warmth and affection. Corporate billionaire Edward Cole and working class mechanic Carter Chambers are worlds apart. At a crossroads in their lives, they share a hospital room and discover they have two things in common: a desire to spend the time they have left doing everything they ever wanted to do and an unrealized need to come to terms with who they are. Together they embark on the road trip of a lifetime, becoming friends along the way and learning to live life to the fullest, with insight and humor. "Avarkkoppam is a journey of three families residing in a tri-State area (Connecticut, New York and New Jersey) who go through traumatic events and face difficulties in coping with their displaced lives. However, with time and tender loving care (TLC), they get better. Receiving effective treatment after PTSD symptoms develop can be critical in reducing them and improving life functions," A storm threatens the already damaged harbor breakwater, and Beamer, the Lighthouse, fears for the safety of all who live in Little Golden Book Land!  When Scuffy overhears Beamer sharing bad news with the big ships anchored nearby, he promises to help. Undaunted, Scuffy recruits Tootle the Train, Poky Little Puppy, and Shy Little Kitten to join him on his mission. A hitman is found out because he was paid off by a friend in stolen money.  On the run, he kidnaps the his friends girlfriend and the police detective in charge of his pursuit and threatens to kill her unless the hunt is called off. A psychological thriller about an obsessive compulsive, deeply religious woman who flees her abusive husband and accepts a nanny position for a weatlhy family in a different town. The woman's state of mind is extremely fragile, and is made worse by her visits to a Gothic church where things are not as they seem The film follows a shy, talented musician who pens romantic hip-hop verses only to stand idly by as they're delivered to the girl of his dreams by a proxy, his best friend. Disney Channel original movie. Chronicles Jack Harris, one of the pioneers of internet commerce, as he wrestles with his morals and struggles not to drown in a sea of conmen, mobsters, drug addicts, and pornstars. The story follows Allahyar, a young and mischievous boy who ends up dealing with circumstances he never thought possible. The movie aims to shed light on the preservation and illegal hunting of wildlife. Uncle Drew recruits a squad of older basketball players to return to the court to compete in a tournament. Two New York City children who launch a hilarious scheme to get what they most want this holiday season. Ancharakkulla Vandi is a 1989 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Jayadevan, starring Rajeev and sethu ragavan in the lead roles. The film tells the story of a girl named "Ra'na" who lives in a village in northern Iran and has a chicken called "Kakli", which  lays an egg every day, Ra'na has a friendly relationship with the chicken she cares about her, one day saming happen that would make Ra'na to be silent. Maria and her four best friends get a chance to live their dreams and compete on their favorite talent show because of a viral video that rocketed them to instant fame. Simplicity is a music and dance infused light hearted comedy with lovable relatable characters and unforgettable one-liners. Guaranteed fun for the whole family.  Recently divorced Carl and Julie are not on good terms. When their 19-year-old daughter goes missing in India, they must journey into the Himalayas in search for her. Sylvester Cat must catch mice or lose his happy home. When he can't find a mouse inside, he searches out of doors and comes upon one meek, little mouse who agrees under duress to be Sylvester's one rodent to catch and rough up again and again in front of his masters. But it isn't long before the mouse realizes Sylvester needs him alive and decides to stop being Sylvester's stooge. Welcome to the world of Dangar Doctor Jelly where chaos reigns when Ravinder Grewal's in-laws pay him a visit at his house. What follows next is utter confusion and a laugh riot. Recently separated parents Tracie (Fisk) and Rick (Rogers) spend every other holiday with their young daughters Harper and Ava. But this Christmas, the girls have only one thing on their wish lists -- to spend Christmas with both Mom and Dad at Tracie's family farmhouse. The temporary reunion will be no walk in the park for Tracie and Rick, but perhaps this Christmas gathering can help rekindle the lost romance between the two and make their daughters' greatest wish come true.  Movie about 5 friends who try and change the ways of their brother in law...Starring Arjun Rubini...And music by Maestro Illayaraja    A drama about a life of two sisters - Nadya  and Lida, who both are dreaming about theater and actress career. Find your Wild Style and come on a totally Pawesome adventure to Pawville to meet the Shoppets. When famous movie stars, Scarletta Gateau and Rubie Blaze recruit the Shopville gang to save the Shoppets, they journey through the jungle and find the amazing world of Pawville. But Pawville and the Shoppets definitely don't need saving and suddenly nothing Scarletta says is as it seems. What's going on? Can the Shopkins, Shoppies and Shoppets rally together to solve the mystery? Find your tribe and get ready for a Wild adventure like no other. A boy determined to save his father's failing private detective business enlists the help of his pet dog and parrot...who talk. Together they will try to take down the town's tyrannical tycoon who's determined to stop a mansion from being turned into an animal rescue. A group of kids trying to pursue their each own dream by helping one of their friends to make a movie inspired by the legend of Ki Ageng Selo, the story of the Lightning Catcher. Sam and her mother Uci, are about to do a road trip to G-Land beach in Banyuwangi. Sam's cousin, Happy, who's 180deg different from Sam also came along on the road trip. Srinivas and his sister Lakshmi start a new life thanks to their cousin, Saroja. Years later, things take an unexpected turn when she falls in love with Srinivas, who is in love with Lalitha. An obese boy named Fat Albert and his friends Rudy, Mushmouth, Bill, Dumb Donald, Russell, and Weird Harold, pulls into trouble when they "fall" out of their TV world into the real world, where Fat Albert tries to help a young girl, Doris, make friends. "The Wayang Kids" follows the adventures of a group of primary school children in Singapore that seek to overcome their personal struggles while representing their school in an international Chinese opera performance. A boy among this group must push through his autism to ultimately prove to everyone and himself that he has what it takes to be on stage. "The Wayang Kids" is a heartwarming film that sheds light on different cultures and backgrounds, and shows how our differences can actually bring us together. A fourth-grader investigates the mysterious reason behind the sudden appearance of penguins in his village, which is somehow related to a power from a young woman working at a dental clinic. At Betty Boop's Music School for Animals, Pudgy the dog doesn't do so well, but puppy love triumphs. A doctor hires an escort to seduce her husband, whom she suspects of cheating, though unforeseen events put the family in danger. The staff and students at St. Bernadette's Primary School audition for a coveted place in a spectacular rock musical competition.   A young girl and an old man are the only ones in a village who believe the old stories about dragons, and then a dragon arrives. A parents struggling with their children suddenly get an advise for psychologist - to exchange the kids... Halkaa is a story of a eight year old boy who lives in the slums of delhi and wants proper access to a toilet. This story is of a boy who is a real life Superhero who fights against the system to get what he wants and deserves. A bored housewife starts an affair with her husband's friend. Trouble for the whole family. Aimi (Ito Ono) lost her mother due to the Kyoto earthquake in 1995. She remembered watching whales with her mother and moved to Okinawa to see whale's jumping out of the water again.  Aimi has now lost hope for life. During this time, she meets a young Vietnamese man, Khoa Nguyen (Win Morisaki), who came to Okinawa to receive training at an IT company. Aimi is moved by his nostalgia for his hometown and his passion for work. She faces her life again and develops feeling for him. Two schoolgirls volunteer at a local radio station that is a glue for the community. Ryuji and Natsuo have arrived in town to manage the station. They are looking for local stories, content and programming when they hear that a festival called Yamaage has encountered problems. They and the two schoolgirls are involved in helping the situation. Sixteen year-old girl Jeong-ae receives a letter from her mother, who left home long ago. Jeong-ae is living with her father in the redevelopment area of Seoul. He was diagnosed with an end-stage cancer and is waiting for his death while giving up treatment. Jeongae is on her way to find her long lost mother, thinking that it is her only hope left.   Redu is a simple story of one man's life, love, values, and his will to go on, framed against the spectacular backdrop of rural Konkan. Alexander, the King of Macedonia, leads his legions against the giant Persian Empire. After defeating the Persians, he leads his army across the then known world, venturing farther than any westerner had ever gone, all the way to India. The film is the personal story of three generations: the (late) grandmother, the father and the daughter, who is directing the film. It focuses on the trans-generational transfer of traumatic experiences. It's a spiritual road movie through deep and diffuse layers of feelings resulting from historical transformations in north-eastern Europe. Life Cycles tells a spectacular story of the bike, from its creation to its eventual demise. A visually stunning journey, with thought provoking narration, Life Cycles uses Ultra HD to document the many stories surrounding the mountain bike and its culture. Ride along into breath taking natural settings, as we battle the elements, showcase the progression of riding, take a road trip, fix the bike, and show the destruction and eventual creation of trails. Semenuk, Hopkins, Schwartz, McIntosh, McCaul Agassiz, Hunter and Vanderham guide you through this wonderful story. Life Cycles is a celebration of the bicycle, and is sure to entertain anyone who has ever ridden one. Satsuki Takashima's father Rokuro Shinonome has been missing for twenty five years. She obtains information and a lead and travels to a village to find the missing man. She finds her father and finds out he has a new family now. Ooshima Shino is a 1st-grade high school student. She has difficulties pronouncing words that start with vowels in front of people. Because of her speech impediment, she does not get along with others. Shino meets Kayo who likes music, but she is tone-deaf. They decide to start a band and Shino begins to change. Aiden craves a better life. A life away from his gruesome job as a crime scene photographer, working alongside his detective friend Pete. A meaningful life where he can escape the hard streets of Detroit, fall in love with the perfect woman and save the world from evil. As Aiden's dark imagination starts to leak into reality, he meets Virginia, a younger woman with her own dilemmas and desires. This Disney drama, originally broadcast as a three-part TV episode, tells the story of a vicar's double life. Outwardly, he is the model of upstanding citizenship and loyalty to an oppressive British government. But he is also a notorious smuggler who uses his ill-gotten gains to benefit his impoverished village. Based on the infamous song by the same name "La Negra Tomasa". This is a comical adventure based in a barrio in Mexico. Cesar Bono plays a police office, Alfonso Zayas a ladies man and Roberto Ballesteros a dangerous loan shark who abducts Tomasa out of passion. Mirko has to face his worst fear: wearing glasses. That is the only way to do his school test, but what would happen if the little girl he is secretly in love with could see him? Ajay and Soumya are planning a destination wedding in Goa. The guests at the wedding including the cousins of the couple hate each other's presence and create trouble for each other. The film replete with ritual, and emotions will take you on a joy ride. Bob Saginowski finds himself at the center of a robbery gone awry and entwined in an investigation that digs deep into the neighborhood's past where friends, families, and foes all work together to make a living - no matter the cost. An army officer is tasked with personally informing the families of the martyrs in his regiment. Along the way, he develops an unexpected attraction to a troubled young woman. Yoshiaki Nishimura discusses Studio Ponoc's founding, their creative principles and the inspiration behind their three "Modest Heroes" shorts. Set in the 1970's in the Kansai region of Japan..  Yong-Gil is Korean, but he moved to Japan and settled down. He runs a small restaurant named Yakiniku Dragon. He is married and has three daughters: oldest daughter Jung-Hwa, middle daughter Yi-Hwa and youngest daughter Mi-Hwa. Oldest daughter Jung-Hwa is dating Tetsuo, but they break up. Middle daughter Yi-Hwa loves Tetsuo and marries him, but Tetsuo still loves her older sister and they divorce. Youngest daughter Mi-Hwa wants to become a singer, but she is in love with a married man. Ailo's Journey narrates the struggle of a little wild reindeer to survive its first migration. Throughout his journey, the frail and vulnerable wild reindeer will have to overcome the ordeals that mark the first year of his existence. His awakening to the wild world is a true Christmas tale in the heart of the stunning landscapes of Lapland. Life's A Breeze tells the story of a family as they search for a lost fortune around the streets of Dublin. When two very unique and diverse families with 7 kids each collide, they find laughs, music, love, and a few answers about what it means to be a not-so-normal American family in the 21st century. A story about a young boy who dreams about airplanes. Four best friends, about to graduate from high school, must find a way to raise money to help a family member in need. When one of them discovers her banker father having an affair, the foursome plots to rob his bank during graduation ceremonies. When things don't go according to plan, they end up learning more about themselves in one day than they ever did in school. The story takes place in a bedroom where, following an embarrassing sexual encounter, it shows a naked man's disaffection with his own tongue. Tongue being the articulator of the man's voice, has been his lifetime proxy. But it is beginning to brazenly assert itself and fly in the face of its owner. The man can tolerate this no more and a power struggle ensues during which we learn something of the tongues dubious nature. This is all about chasing your dreams, no matter what the obstacles. The story involves a young deaf and dumb boy who is crazy about cricket. In a distant future a new society of peace and order comes under attack from an ancient Evil force. Only a young news reporter and her high flying ninja friends can save the city from the evil Ninja Attack. Moon City is the first Lao language Superhero movie. A father obsessed with an old school copying machine wreaks havoc on the family, causing a change in their relationships. Explores the life of each family member and how their lives are intertwined with each other. In a world where immortality is achieved by drinking alcohol, having sex and partying every night, three friends in their hundreds (who don't look a day over eighteen) try to hold onto their youth in the face of a rapidly changing world. To get a big promotion, Hayley, an advertising executive who specializes in social media and all things hip, must land a toy company that is all about traditional Christmas as an account. After hiding his loot and getting thrown in jail, Ruby, a brooding outlaw encounters Quentin, a dim-witted and garrulous giant who befriends him. After Quentin botches a solo escape attempt, they make a break together. Unable to shake the clumsy Quentin Ruby is forced to take him along as he pursues his former partners in crime to avenge the death of the woman he loved and get to the money.   Mitsuki is shy and rather isolated at school. Towa is on the basketball team and Mitsuki's class-mate. Due to circumstances, Mitsuki soon begins to socialize with four jocks of the basketball team, which affects her self-esteem, her social status, her loneliness and her life. She finds a new lease in her school life. This incisive documentary takes a fresh look at the family dynamics at play at this beloved local Chinese restaurant on 76th and Good Hope in Milwaukee, WI. One day, a bizarre incident shakes the whole family and ruins their happiness. Venugopal finds himself being the victim of people's angry reactions and to make matters worse, he is shocked to find the reason behind the reactions. Tolik, an artist in the Ukrainian underground scene, is raising his niece Katya, a stubborn little girl who has taken to calling him Dad. Her mother, Anya, is both at the heart of the film and almost doomed to the fringes, adrift between solitude and stays in a psychiatric hospital. Jeff has a gift for business but did not know how to stand up after failure. With the help of a friend Jeff finds his calling. A newly-wed couple who find themselves in a tight spot after husband loses his job in Dubai. Will he manage to get his act together and deal with the crisis on his own? Taiji has been estranged from his mother Mitsuko for years. Due to a meeting with his friend, he looks back at his past with his mother. After not seeing her for years, Taiji sees Mitsuko again. He tries to regain his mother's love. Like millions of kids around the world, Santiago harbors the dream of being a professional footballer...However, living in the Barrios section of Los Angeles, he thinks it is only that--a dream. Until one day an extraordinary turn of events has him trying out for Premiership club Newcastle United. Ethnic comedy of a nightclub entertainer trying to train a boxer. When he started to apply for college, Ju Hong realized that he had come to the US as an undocumented immigrant. Now an activist and DREAMer, Hong returns to South Korea after 13 years to see a grandmother who is fading away. After a long absence, Ulises, a theatrical author, returns to his home to be with his wife, Carlota, and their son. However, upon arriving in Madrid he discovers that Carlota has become a great theater actress and that she is sentimentally united to Miguel, a renowned playwright who copies the comedies that Ulysses himself had written. Tia, a 10 year-old Syrian refugee living in Montreal, finds a magic portal and travels to the Arctic where she befriends an Inuk girl with who she immerses herself in a world of Inuit myth and magic. After crossing the border illegally for work, Miguel, a hard-working father and devoted husband, finds himself wrongfully accused of murdering a former sheriff's wife. After learning of his imprisonment, Miguel's pregnant wife tries to come to his aid and lands in the hands of corrupt coyotes who hold her for ransom. Dissatisfied with the police department's investigation, the former sheriff tries to uncover the truth about his wife's death and discovers disturbing evidence that will destroy one family's future, or tear another's apart. A rousing dog and man comedy composed of just 61 shots, and set in Shenyang in northeastern China, where people argue continuously. The film takes off from the premises of an MA student losing his professor's dog and must enlist his father's help to retrieve it, lest his prospects of a tutorship vanishes. A biting satire on every conceivable ill in modern Society, and an endearing portrait of a father-and-son relationship. The residents of the little village called 'Schemermeer', prepare themselves for a large village festival. After a terrible air disaster, survivor Max Klein emerges a changed person. Unable to connect to his former life or to wife Laura, he feels godlike and invulnerable. When psychologist Bill Perlman is unable to help Max, he has Max meet another survivor, Carla Rodrigo, who is racked with grief and guilt since her baby died in the crash which she and Max survived. When two campers on a peaceful weekend excursion are suddenly confronted, harassed, and molested by a pack of heavily armed outdoorsman, a brutal series of events ensues. A struggle for survival and sanity drives the surviving victim into a bloody vendetta of rage. The hunters become the hunted in a malicious game of cat and mouse. Sam is fifteen, orphaned, hiding a secret and has been living in foster care for the past year. Her Aunt Olina is a widowed, recluse oddball who spends her life in a closed off home speaking to her dead, taxidermies dog Elvis. Together the two learn to overcome the obstacles life has dealt them, trust one another and become family. A youngster thrashes a gangster following a minor altercation. The gangster, who suffers a loss of face, now wants revenge. Seyed Javad Hashemi after several years of acting, directing the first film in the genre of children's speaking at theaters.A film based on a folk tale and add a few other characters such as Sir Mouse and Aunt Beetle.The main theme of the story of the battle between good and evil, which the narrator's story begins to reveal its story.White forehead, the main character is a prisoner of octopus and associates (hag and crone) is.Sir Moses as a successful hero in the white forehead is free and defeat the oppressors. human haji abdullahi Fox so good in the role play. Amin Zendegan also play a role crone well presented.According to the director's first film did respectable.Meanwhile, the film's portrayal is acceptable.In the end, after many notable work in the genre of children's theater production of Iran. An embittered journalist returns home to Hobart after losing his Melbourne magazine job. With nothing to do except think about his next move, he lands on the idea of writing a book about Tasmanian upper-order batsmen, and in particular the great man himself: David Boon. But soon he's discovering there's a lot more to his homeland than he once thought, and that everything he's been searching for could be closer than he imagined. It's just weeks before Christmas when Ellie gets a call to return home to help her father on the family's poinsettia farm. The family business is on the line to deliver tens of thousands of plants for the town's annual parade. The problem is -- the poinsettias have yet to turn red! As Ellie searches for the solution, she is reminded of where her heart truly lies as she falls in love with both her roots and a local botanist. Two girls in the bloom of youth meet at a vocational training program. Afterwards, their lives move in completely different directions. Richard attempts to come to terms with the fact that his wife, Lisa, had an affair while on a trip to France, and thus, is reluctant to conceive a child with her. As Lisa looks forward to moving on, their new neighbors' daughter might make that a difficult endeavor. When Kanat hits the bottom, still living with his mother at 40 passed, stuck mid level in his bank job, fantasizing from afar on girls, the unexpected encounter with his evil half, longtime friend Daniyar makes him take a moral u turn and his life takes a plunge in the dark. A little boy named Lincoln, who is bullied for the way he talks, creates a superhero in his head. A lonely man rescues a puppy who transforms his life. This inspiring story illustrates how kindness can truly make a difference. From the creator of the hit movie "A Box of Faith" comes this family movie of inspiration. This moving documentary profiles a former Buddhist monk who runs a home for orphaned children in the Himalayas, and his relationship with its newest arrival, troubled five-year-old Tashi. Amber Vickers is ecstatic that she will finally be making the walk down the aisle with her prince charming Luke. After multiple failed relationships, she was beginning to think that something was wrong; but her soon-to-be mother-in-law and best friend, Jill, believes that Amber is the picture-perfect daughter she never had. Everything is coming up roses until Sharon Vickers, Amber's mother, arrives for a visit. Gaudy, straight-laced and opinionated, Sharon is the complete opposite of Jill. What was supposed to be a benign first meeting of the in-law's quickly turns into a competition, as Sharon and Jill have widely differing views on life, love and marriage. As the weekend visit is coming to an end, Sharon takes matters into her own hands, rendering Jill incapable of escaping her house, and proving to her once and for all that no one comes between Sharon and her daughter. When neighborhood kids begin vanishing, Jenny suspects her child psychologist husband, Carter, may be resuming the deranged experiments his father performed on Carter when he was young. Now, it falls to Jenny to unravel the mystery. And as more children disappear, she fears for her own child's safety. Once More starring by vijay and Simran. Vijay (Joseph Vijay) is a rich young business man, whose only one aim in life is to have fun, is the managing director of a big tea estate in Ooty and his company goes on a big loss because of his mismanagement. Vijay spends most of his time in partying and flirting with girls whenever he feels like.  Veteran broadcaster James Marriner is persuaded to front a new big budget national family TV channel. But he begins to suspect that the channel is a front for something much more sinister and political. When 20-year old Nathan loses his career and his girlfriend, he questions his purpose in life. Compounding his struggle, Nathan grew up in a foster home and never met his birth mother. He sets out on a quest to find his mother and somehow come to terms with her rejection of him. His journey begins by flying to the city where he was born. Upon his arrival, Nathan checks into a hotel and meets Mave the hotel's housekeeper. Encouraged by Mave's wisdom and the help of hotel guest Shelly, Nathan finds the address of his mother, Linda. Linda is a social worker who agonizes over the decision she made with Nathan 20 years ago. In an effort to admonish the guilt of giving up her son, Linda is caught up in the life of a teenage mother-to-be, Tori, who is conflicted by the decision to abort her baby. When Nathan gathers the courage to meet his mother, he uncovers a terrible secret that totally redefines what was meant to be for his life. The lives of a gullible maid; a beautiful socialite; an ambitious investment banker and a happy go lucky chauffeur are entwined together in Dubai, in this bitter-sweet tale of self discovery. Nithya and Suraj are best friends who live together in Goa. While Nithya loves nature and finds solace in it, Suraj is an aimless youth, who likes to party. Suraj falls for Nikki, while Nithya meets Abhay . But as Nithya and Suraj continue living together, there seems to be a connection they can't ignore. From funny to warm & touching... A smile with tears story of a group of unsung dog rescue heroes The charitable film takes the "Paws-Men" as the backbone of the dynamic organization, bringing out the message of respect for the spirit of life and the love of animals, that hopes to raise public awareness of animal rights and interests. The movie is divided into four chapters, each chapter with a famous actor as the leading character. The Paws-Men are Tat Yan, Charlie, Seal, and Keith. When a dog is in need of rescue, the Paws-Men assemble to save the dog immediately like Batman. "Paws-Men" tells the story of rescuing dogs, in which Paws-Men encounter many difficulties, such as a dog eatery, bullies and a dog abusing granny. Yet Paws-Men witness true friendships between dogs and humans. This film makes us realize: Saving dogs is not hard. People are the real problem. Two peasants are ill-prepared for life in the big city after moving from their tiny village to Bombay. The kids and Uncle Anders want to participate in the hotels competition to become  "The Sunny Family of The Year" but father says no, underlining that "We're good enough as we are!" He changes his mind, though, when he meets the competing family, and recognize the father as his old school mate, who's been bullying him for all of their school years, for being physically inadequate. Consequently father enters the competition with all his might and heart, and what should have been a friendly contest, ends up being a fight for honor and redemption, and it's only by the loving and innovative intervention from the kids, that father in the ends realizes that the family really doesn't need to go to any of such extremes. They are actually good enough as they are! Dhol Ratti is a period film set in the Punjab of 1970's. The theme of the movie encapsulates an emergency situation on the Punjab - Pakistan Border and how people live through it. The movie highlights the importance of family relations and moral values, with an important message for today's youth.  The widow of a wise professor stumbles upon one of his inventions that's able to record and play a person's memory. The day the Film-Makers' Cooperative was forced by loss of lease to move from their offices at Lexington Ave and 31st Street in New York City. Kurmayian is a Punjabi movie released on 14 Sep, 2018. The movie is directed by Gurmeet Saajan,Manjeet Singh Tony and featured Harjit Harman, Gurmeet Saajan, Japji Khaira and Nirmal Rishi as lead characters. Other popular actors who were roped in for Kurmayian are Harby Sangha, Hobby Dhaliwal, Hardeep Gill, Prakash Gadhu and Anita Devgan. Jacqueline is living an unfulfilled life in a doomed marriage. After a chance encounter with a former classmate, she rethinks her life's choices and wishes she could go back to high school for a do-over. Like a Christmas miracle, Jacqueline awakens to find herself as a high school senior again with the ability to change everything. His outstanding film, - Football of the Good Old Days had a repeated line, which became a popular saying: "One needs a team". The hero, Minarik, the legendary laundry-owner tried to fill his football team with enthusiasm. He represented the man of the 70s, trying to find a way out, wallowing in nostalgia. Subeer Kumar (Amitabh) is well on his way to becoming India's top pop singer. He has no intention of getting married, but when he goes to visit his Durga Mausi (Mausi=mother's sister), he falls in love with religious, simple Uma, by whose voice he's enchanted. He marries her and returns to Bombay where he announces that he will never sing without Uma again. However, Subeer encourages Uma to sing alone and when her popularity is soon greater than his own, the seed of jealousy begins to grow... The major difference between Uma and Subeer is that she sings for herself, whereas he sings for the public. It is the difference between geet and sangeet. This is the root of the thing that later causes problems, and based on which the movie is named. The Prince of Kiev decided to appoint an heir to the throne, only bad luck - who could it be? A relative, friend of the family or maybe an overseas princess? Without thinking twice, the Prince-Father chooses almost a princess, and most importantly a relative - his niece Zabava. Today, she and her husband, Elisha (do you remember the faithful student of Dobryni Nikitich?), Receive her education in faraway Constantinople, where the treacherous Vasileus rules. In order to return the heiress to her native lands, three heroes are sent in a hurry, and, of course, the main court horse, Julius. Forced to live a life inhabited by her wicked step mother and her two step sisters, Cinderella Perrault, learns about the fruition of love, life, and self discovery in this modern retelling of the classic tale. In Holland, a group of Armenian terrorists have swung into action, murdering a Turkish intelligence agent and holding his son for ransom. As the battle of wits between the terrorists and the Dutch police plays itself out, an author from Armenia living in Rotterdam finds himself following the events as he thinks back on his life in his homeland, indulging in fantasies about his past, his future, and his obsessions. When a tiny intergalactic starship crashes into the bedroom of middle-schooler Rod Allbright, he is enlisted by the extraterrestrial Galactic Patrol, a group of out-of-this-world lawmen, and must race to save the world from Total Planetary Disaster with his cousin Elspeth.   This documentary movie shows riscs and dangers of gene manipulation on plants. It uses the example of so-called BT-Cotton in India. Super Bao, an innocent and passionate steamed stuffed bun, goes through untold hardships and finally grows into a great hero who saves the food world. A THOUSAND DAYS OF SOLITUDE is a tense dramatic story about a prison correctional guard who witnesses a suicide in solitary confinement and experiences moral strife when the warden bullies him to confine yet another prisoner to 'the hole' - left with a decision, obey the warden's protocol or fight it. Little Lana was 3 years old when she was abandoned alone in the zoo. Raised by a giraffe trainer, the zoo is the only world she knows. Until one day, a charming magician arrives and Lana finds her love, for she is ready to leave the zoo. Lana embarks on journey, until one day, she decided to go back to the place where she was abandoned. To chase her dream of going to school in her remote Himalayan village, a feisty paraplegic girl locks horns with her tradition-bound grandfather. The lives of two lovelorn spouses from separate marriages, a registered sex offender, and a disgraced ex-police officer intersect as they struggle to resist their vulnerabilities and temptations. Somewhere in the sky, in a magical village called Teplikoku, the Dorfinis live and produce clouds. The evil Sand Queen threatens the Dorfinis that they must leave their village - or she will turn everything into sand! Dibble and Duval leave the village hoping to find a hero to save their home. On their journey they meet Yuval, and hope that he is the hero. Yuval is happy to help them, but doesn't have a clue what to do. Reality and expectation collide as Mona delves into her past and prepares to meet her estranged Iranian father. Finding love in city can be hard, keeping it can be harder. Look at Me revolves around the lives of seven twenty-somethings and their complications with dating and surviving in New York City. Larry the Reindeer thinks he can fill Santa's shoes, but he's about to get more than he bargained for! When Mighty Bunion, the wicked wizard, casts a spell causing Larry to switch places with Santa, the future of Christmas rests on one simple-minded reindeer's hooves! Santa's number one elf, Benny, and three of his trusty reindeer fleet - Tinker, Terry, and Barry - set out to search for their missing boss and rescue their favorite holiday from disaster! With the clock ticking down to Christmas Eve, these North Pole heroes brave a snowy wonderland of friends and foes alike in a race against time to rescue the world's most famous sleigh-driver! 101-year-old Rose DeWitt Bukater tells the story of her life aboard the Titanic, 84 years later. A young Rose boards the ship with her mother and fiance. Meanwhile, Jack Dawson and Fabrizio De Rossi win third-class tickets aboard the ship. Rose tells the whole story from Titanic's departure through to its death--on its first and last voyage--on April 15, 1912. The Pup Star family just got bigger! And the new pups: Cindy, Rosie, Charlie, and Brody will have to learn the true meaning of Christmas. When Pup Star's mean team, scheme to ruin Christmas, the pups end up in the North Pole to save Santa and the holiday spirit. Their adventure is filled with great pup-tastic songs to spread holiday cheer all year round. The Old Dark House style mystery thriller gets an affectionately murky makeover in director Jack McHenry's Agatha Christie-meets-Lucio Fulci feature debut. In stunning Black & White, with cut-glass British accents and a dodgy American in the cocktail party mix, a sophisticated 1930s soiree at an isolated country mansion descends into carnage, gore and demonic possession as rivalries and old friendships are put to the test when a gateway to Hell opens up. LOVE'S ROUTINE is a dark comedy about a discordant elderly couple, who ultimately prove that love is greater than flesh and blood.  Peter Parker and his friends go on a summer trip to Europe. However, they will hardly be able to rest - Peter will have to agree to help Nick Fury uncover the mystery of creatures that cause natural disasters and destruction throughout the continent. "I'm mad as hell, and I'm not going to take it anymore!"  Who among us has not wanted to open their window and shout that at the top of their lungs?  Seriously, who?  Because we're looking for those people.  We're looking for the people who think shouting is annoying, counterproductive, and terrible for your throat; who feel that the loudest voices shouldn't be the only ones that get heard; and who believe that the only time it's appropriate to draw a Hitler mustache on someone is when that person is actually Hitler. Or Charlie Chaplin in certain roles. Ismail, who works in a beauty center, accidentally discovers that one of the advertising directors is looking for a new face, turning himself into a girl in order to present the advertisement and actually succeeds in it before he is exposed and exposed to many comedic situations such as harassment and other suffering that Women face. Aly Hassan, a five-year old child, gets arrested while playing a hide-and-seek game called Khalawees with his neighbors. His father, Hassan (played by Ahmed Eid), who is a taxi driver in Cairo hurries to join his son who is about to be imprisoned in a name mix-up with another wanted escaped criminal. Hassan faces humorous situations in prison due to the presence of his son, Aly, and is torn between his female attorney trying to prove Aly's innocence and a talk-show media presenter convincing the public that Aly is the wanted criminal. After his wife relocates to her home country of Japan, an Egyptian man - and father of two rambunctious kids - tries to win her back. 369 by Zheng, Runqi is raised by his father Li, Jinlong alone. His father's biggest hope is that 369 can enter a university and find a decent job after that. However, 369's grade was always at the bottom and he escaped from class at Grade 11, resulting in his expelling. His father could only be contacted every connection he had, hoping that 369 could learn some skills and get independent. 369 hated every job introduced by his father. He failed and failed again in almost 8 years and was laughed at by his neighbors. So 369 decided to go to Shenzhen to escaped from the town and all those derision. 369 became an internet celebrity, which was considered as the violation of his father's hope. The relationship between them was going to a total rupture. Sinterklaas and his Pieten are on their way to the Netherlands, on their new ship Pakjesboot 13. However, the ship is way too heavily loaded and sinks in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean. The Sint and his Pieten scurry of to a deserted island and luckily all manage to reach it alive. But, how will they now reach the Netherlands...? "Golden Voices Competition" is to be held this year at Terrell Christian College (TCC), but there's one problem TCC does not have a choir. Georgia Mae Jackson (Irma P. Hall) who is the head of the music department has been challenged by the Assistant Dean Vickie Wilson (Tonea Stewart), to put a choir together in one month or lose her job. Georgia's back goes out so she tricks her granddaughter, Sidney Nicole Taylor (Nikki Dixon) into taking over the choir for her. Sidney turns the college upside down when she hires a fallen, bad boy, R&B singer, Jax Rebel (Mario Mims), to help her with the choir. Dean Wilson finds out about Jax's sorted past and threatens to fire Georgia if they don't win the competition. Will, Sidney and Jax be able to save Georgia's job? Keita, Whisper, Jibanyan, Inaho, Usapyon, and all of their Yo-kai friends embark on five unique adventures that all end up tied together in the end. Uncontrolled Love 2 is the second part in a two part movie series. The story is based off of a BL novel of the same name. It's about a master and servant that turn into something less professional and more personal. Shu Nian was a child orphan was adopted by Xie Yan's family to act as Xie Yan's friend and servant. As the years went by the two discovered that their close relationship no longer came from a platonic place, but was more romantic in nature.  The movie has two different endings: a Sad/Bad End and a Happy/Good End. In the teeming, multicultural metropolis of modern-day London, a seemingly straightforward missing-person case launches a down-at-heel private eye into a dangerous world of religious fanaticism and political intrigue.  7 girls and 1 fab gay guy plan a getaway to a remote ranch for a week of gossip and grub. They start off where they always do, old rivalries in place, extreme vanity covering great insecurities, but with a true love for each other underneath the bickering, sniping and sassing. A number of drinks into night one and a dark secret is revealed. The house they rented is the site of a mass murder of teenage girls 15 years earlier. Blood still stains the floors under replacement carpets. The killer still runs free. The girls take it for what it seems - a fun story for a rainy night by a roaring fire. But after one of them disappears and is discovered dead, the story doesn't seem so fun anymore. 1 by 1, they die, killed by their own vanity. The fun-filled week turns into a race against death. Who will make it out alive? An orphaned dinosaur raised by lemurs joins an arduous trek to a sancturary after a meteorite shower destroys his family home. Female highs school students, including Mitsuko, Keiko and Izumi, become the targets of ghosts with various appearances including a groom with a pig's face and female teacher with a machine gun. Sarah has five children from different husbands, the five children are Adul, Gilbert, Koko, Bontot and Billy. Although their fathers are dead, but each father inherited strongly, so the five brothers have different physical and properties according to their father's background, there are Betawi, Ambon, Chinese, Javanese as well as different religions. The sequel to "A Meowy Christmas" pits Ms. Whiskers and Chuck against supernatural evil! Or something like that. A magical performance in the circus on the eve of the New Year miraculously twists the fates of two girls absolutely different from each other. Sonya lives with a rich dad - the owner of a candy empire, and Katya and her brother Kolya grow up in an orphanage. They are not familiar, but they are united by the love of fairy tales about the sweet Kingdom, which were composed by Sonya's mother, a famous children's writer. That's just her story is not enough finals. Sonya is sure that the last page of her mother's tale will bring happiness to her family, and for this she is even ready to exchange places with Katya. An elderly war veteran feels lonely and unwanted while living with his son and daughter-in-law, but he learns his life still has purpose when he befriends a neighborhood child with a troubled family life. A young married couple comes home from a date night to discover that they are imprisoned in their own house with a methodical killer inside. (Jefan Nathanio) has parents who doted on him. namely Bagus (Teuku Rifnu Wikana) and Satri (Nirina Zubir). This happy family is disturbed when dad gets an accident at work. The is confused to find the to pay for treatment of her husband. She steales from her workplace.  Upon learning of the deed, is angry with her. The quarrels between and and her mom make her flee from home. must care for his father alone  Once wins a race. He is summoned to appear in television shows of Andy F. Noya. In the show he express his desire that his to go home. A man decides to lose himself in the Death Valley desert. While on his journey, he encounters a woman who accompanies him on his quest. As they embark deeper into the desert, heat and fever push them to extreme, psychological limits. Funke wants to play football, which her parents angrily discourage. Her mother feels playing will make her unmarriable, whereas her father wants her to pursue the education he never had. Funke persists in playing, worming her way into acceptance by the local football academy players and their coach. When her parents discover her disobedience, they send her to her uncle's boarding school. Though she tries to embody the acceptable female role, a devious opportunity to play arises. Connections of people who have stopped believing in love, though in the depths of their hearts, are just waiting for such true love. Katja is a young retiree. At 24, she is living in a circle of solitude, spending her days walking her dog and looking out of the window. Trout streams are fountains of youth for 86-year-old fly fishing legend, Joe Humphreys: a man who was born to fly fish, lives to teach, and strives to pass on a respect for our local waters. Two toy bears and their adventures. Thanksgiving special starring Lady Gaga performing songs from Artpop and Muppet sketches. The Shinano Mainichi Shimbun, a Japanese local newspaper based in Nagano, has created "A Family Story" - a new flip book animation together with Tekken who is famous for his work "Pendulum". This animation was created using an actual newspaper printing press A spark of childhood inspiration starts an autistic young man on a journey to collect specific glass wares for his own unique purpose. In doing so, he jeopardizes his relationship with his younger brother and both their jobs. Little do they know that this quest could unlock the answers to their dire situation? 4th movie in the Onneli and Anneli series. A lion decides that a new king shall take on the reins of Azad Nagar when he retires. When he retires a donkey is chosen as the king of Azad Nagar. Christmas works its magic in this body-switching holiday tale about two very different moms who find that help is where you least expect it, and most need it. When struggling singer Audrey and wealthy record executive Julia collide at the mall, they wake up in each other's lives the next morning. Audrey finds that, though Julia's life is full of luxury, she's missing the chance to connect with her family in any real way while Julia finds that, though she gets plenty of family time, Audrey can't say no to anyone giving her no time for herself. As Christmas looms closer, the two women rush to figure out how to both help each other and switch back before they miss Christmas morning with their own families! A magazine writer poses as a Jew to expose anti-Semitism. Who's keeping the citizens of a Belgian provincial town out of their sleep? Is it Santa Clause? Follow the adventures of Belle, a bright young woman who finds herself in the castle of a prince who's been turned into a mysterious beast. With the help of the castle's enchanted staff, Belle soon learns the most important lesson of all -- that true beauty comes from within. 1970's pop culture icons Danny Bonaduce and Barry Williams face off in the hunt for the legendary mountain creature. Travel back in time and relive Christ the Son of God becoming man. Come with Max Lucado as he brings to life the most important event in history ... when God came near. An Amtrak train pulls out of Penn Station in New York City on a cold, sunny February morning. The train moves forward as the landscape changes--the East Coast giving way to the Midwest. Passengers fill their roles, the snow begins to fall and the next train station is announced, all while the light continues shifting, bouncing, swelling and slouching into eventual darkness. Eleven years old boy is looking for the legendary treasure of Ermak. No overview found. After years of nurturing and protecting her younger brother, a filmmaker is forced to question her ability to help the people she loves when her own daughter begins to have troubles of her own. During a time of robber barons, mills, and rising industry, two orphan children meet two unexpected visitors who turn the tide of events and change their lives forever. Three generations of a family get together for the 25th anniversary of Rick and Cristy while their daughter Tin appears clueless that her parents no longer sleep on the same bed. "Eia's Christmas at Phantom Owl Farm" is about a 10-year-old girl Eia who, due to many coincidences, has to spend her Christmas break at a Southern-Estonian farm called Phantom Owl Farm. . When Blanca Snow is faced with spending Christmas with her dastardly stepmother, Victoria, she attempts to fulfill her late father's wishes and create new memories as a family. However, Victoria plots to edge Blanca out of her father's inheritance and keep the money and his mansion, for herself. Victoria has Blanca hypnotized, so she will forget everyone and everything about her father's will. When Blanca wakes up in a quaint motor lodge out of town with severe amnesia, she receives the help of seven quirky friends, the Holly Jollies, to help her figure out her life. While attempting to regain her memory, she finds herself the object of affection to both house painter Hunter, and Lucas Prince. But, who can she trust? Mary and Joseph make the hard journey to Bethlehem for a blessed event in this retelling of the Nativity story. This meticulously researched and visually lush adaptation of the biblical tale follows the pair on their arduous path to their arrival in a small village, where they find shelter in a quiet manger and Jesus is born.  A female Chinese reporter ventures into eerily hostile territory in Yang Yishu's sharp, cerebral thriller. Welcome to Tiana's world where it's Totally Tiana and Totally Awesome 24/7! Join Tiana and the Wilson family behind the scenes of her super successful YouTube channels and get ready to follow her epic journey to YouTube super-stardom.  The wife of a Marine serving in Vietnam, Sally Hyde (Jane Fonda) decides to volunteer at a local veterans hospital to occupy her time. There she meets Luke Martin (Jon Voight), a frustrated wheelchair-bound vet who has become disillusioned with the war. Sally and Luke develop a friendship that soon turns into a romance, but when her husband, Bob (Bruce Dern), returns unexpectedly, she must decide between staying with him and pursuing her new love. Sisters Mary Jane and Mary Anne find themselves at odds with each other over a groom-to-be Only one thing can bring together childhood friends Amber, Leyla, Kyra, Wout and Vincent: the salvation of the city park where they grew up. D5R is a realistic fiction series that follows the lives of five teenagers who know each other from school but are also good friends outside. They have fun, but also face difficult moments, problems and setbacks. Ananthu is advocate belonging to an orthodox Brahmin family, who falls in Love with Nusrath Fathima baig, a Muslim girl. How Ananthu wins his love is the plot. Whole love story revolves in Court and Narrated in a humorous way. In a Hui Muslim village in Northwest China, a young couple begin their arranged marriage without knowing each other's secrets. Confronted with tasks of mundane life, will they learn forgiveness and nourish true love? An exploration of iconic imagery of Lady Macbeth The Waking Dream is a short animation that explores the images of Lady Macbeth. As the title suggests, it unveils these images through Lady Macbeth's sleepwalking state. The film explores the themes of guilt and responsibility. It particularly plays with the 'bloody hand' motif and the Lady's inability to 'out damned spot'. The conjured images are re-creations and re-interpretations of popular images of Lady Macbeth that can be found in theatre, film, posters and the broader media. Miser Ebenezer Scrooge is awakened on Christmas Eve by spirits who reveal to him his own miserable existence, what opportunities he wasted in his youth, his current cruelties, and the dire fate that awaits him if he does not change his ways. Scrooge is faced with his own story of growing bitterness and meanness, and must decide what his own future will hold: death or redemption. Ramon, an 84-year-old retired politician, shocks his family with his decision to live with and take care of his gay, childhood best friend, Fredo, who's dying of cancer. As it turns out, the two men are romantically in love. A black comedy/drama about a lonely ice-cream van driver, Warren Thompson, and his unhealthy obsession with television soap starlet, Katey George. Bikes vs Cars depicts a global crisis that we all deep down know we need to talk about: Climate, earth's resources, cities where the entire surface is consumed by the car. An ever-growing, dirty, noisy traffic chaos. The bike is a great tool for change, but the powerful interests who gain from the private car invest billions each year on lobbying and advertising to protect their business. In the film we meet activists and thinkers who are fighting for better cities, who refuse to stop riding despite the increasing number killed in traffic. After decades behind bars, three men set out to prove success can lie on the other side of tragedy. Follows the stories of Harrison, Noel, and Chris as they return home from San Quentin State Prison. After spending most of their lives incarcerated, they are forced to reconcile their perception of themselves with a reality they are unprepared for. Each struggles to overcome personal demons and reconstruct their fractured lives. Grappling with day-to-day challenges and striving for success, they work to reconnect with family and provide for themselves for the first time in their adult lives. Told in an unadorned verite style, we experience the truth of their heartaches and triumphs. As their stories unfold over weeks, months and years, the precarious nature of freedom after incarceration in America is revealed. Bamse's friends go on a quest to find the Thunderbell, the ingredient that makes Bamse strong. Meanwhile, the sly Reinard pretends to be a good guy to supplant Bamse as the hero of the town and win the affections of Mickelina.  A story about a young boy Timur and his team who are living in a small Moscow suburb during the years before WWII. "Like STREET FILM PART ZERO, PARIS BIRTH manifests with the employment of four projectors running simultaneously with image overlap. The film opens with one projector showing the film-maker's wife walking down a Paris Street. Short bursts of film, flash frames, jumps, and the gentle flow of motion and subtle color highlights the scene. When the other projectors are switched on, shown are isolated events leading up to the birth of a child. The mystical beauty of the film cannot be ignored and the pacing of the four images afford a kind of universal intimacy into the human condition of constant flux. Ordinary events, such as walking down streets, pouring coffee, talking on the telephone become extraordinary on the level of recognition of the regenerative process going on inside and outside the viewer."--Susan Headley Children build, children ask, children bump, children 'R fast. A fairytale based on the play by Aleksandr Ostrovskiy.  Two teenagers, she is an orphan hen and  a reggaeton music lover and he is the son of a champion fighting-cock ,they will live an adventure in which they will not only learn to accept themselves but will also give a great lesson in tolerance and nonviolence. In this adaptation of theatrical drama Kkokdu by Kim and music director Bang Junseok, two children who sold their grandmother's shoes to buy a puppy end up going to the underworld. Kaiju Big Battel presents Live and Let Die  Monsters are real and danger can happen! Young Penny goes on a retreat with her psychologist; the intention is to help her overcome her phobia, an intense fear of cars. Unexpected events find her in a nightmarish situation where her worst fears come true. After returning from a wedding reception, a couple staying in an isolated vacation house receive a knock on the door in the mid-hours of the night. What ensues is a violent invasion by three strangers, their faces hidden behind masks. The couple find themselves in a violent struggle, in which they go beyond what either of them thought capable in order to survive. Jumping around from musing about the disappointment of Kinder Surprise eggs to medieval porn to men's tendency not to admit ignorance to a brilliant take-off of Chris de Burgh, which comes out of nowhere. Yes, Bailey lacks an inherent structure--unlike Harry Hill or Al Murray--so you could walk in half way through and not miss any underlying subtleties. Set in the African savannah, the film follows Kion as he assembles the members of the 'Lion Guard'. Throughout the film, the diverse team of young animals will learn how to utilize each of their unique abilities to solve problems and accomplish tasks to maintain balance within the Circle of Life, while also introducing viewers to the vast array of animals that populate the prodigious African landscape. Two beefed-up twins (played by the Paul brothers, Peter and David, who have appeared in several programmers as The Barbarian Brothers) operating on opposing sides of the law, team up to stop a nefarious crook in this actioner. Peter Jade is a notoriously arrogant burglar who ends up with the key to an enormous underground cache of diamonds. David Jade is a cop who joins forces with Peter after greedy Philip Chamberlain, wanting the diamonds for himself, kills David's partner Sadko is based on an opera by Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov, which was based on a Russian epic tale of the same name.  In the old Russian city of Novgorod, the merchants are feasting in a gorgeous palace and Sadko is bragging that he can bring to their land a sweet-voiced bird of happiness. They laugh at him, but he is offered help by the Ocean King's daughter, who is mesmerized by Sadko's singing and is in love with him. The hero is destined to visit many lands in his search of the bird.  First shown in the USA in 1953 with English subtitles, the film was re-released in the United States in 1962 in an English-dubbed and modified, but remarkably unedited,  form by Roger Corman's Filmgroup under the title The Magic Voyage of Sinbad. 