The film revolves around the concept of soap opera. Its structure is based on the assumption that Chilean reality does not exist, but rather is an ensemble of soap operas. A timid magazine photo manager who lives life vicariously through daydreams embarks on a true-life adventure when a negative goes missing. A young woman who suffers a strange disease must travel to a mysterious island in South America, where myths and reality are one and the same. An Amazon princess comes to the world of Man in the grips of the First World War to confront the forces of evil and bring an end to human conflict. The story of an Indian boy named Pi, a zookeeper's son who finds himself in the company of a hyena, zebra, orangutan, and a Bengal tiger after a shipwreck sets them adrift in the Pacific Ocean. The peaceful realm of Azeroth stands on the brink of war as its civilization faces a fearsome race of invaders: orc warriors fleeing their dying home to colonize another. As a portal opens to connect the two worlds, one army faces destruction and the other faces extinction. From opposing sides, two heroes are set on a collision course that will decide the fate of their family, their people, and their home. Vlad Tepes is a great hero, but when he learns the Sultan is preparing for battle and needs to form an army of 1,000 boys, he vows to find a way to protect his family. Vlad turns to dark forces in order to get the power to destroy his enemies and agrees to go from hero to monster as he's turned into the mythological vampire, Dracula. When a nun broke her covenant with God to save the life of  her unborn son, Aman, he was cursed for life. As an adult, Aman has killed those who have crossed him. But his curse brings his victims back to life and they pursue him for revenge, so Aman enlists a young gunman to fight by his side against his undead victims. The ghost of Hamlet's father orders him to kill his uncle, and the easily distracted prince makes up a bunch of excuses to avoid doing it. Bilbo Baggins, a hobbit enjoying his quiet life, is swept into an epic quest by Gandalf the Grey and thirteen dwarves who seek to reclaim their mountain home from Smaug, the dragon. Fuelled by his restored faith in humanity and inspired by Superman's selfless act, Bruce Wayne and Diana Prince assemble a team of metahumans consisting of Barry Allen, Arthur Curry and Victor Stone to face the catastrophic threat of Steppenwolf and the Parademons who are on the hunt for three Mother Boxes on Earth. For a thousand years, the Reapers guarded mankind from the demons that wait in the dark. Now, at the beginning of a new age, the Reapers are betrayed and slaughtered. Only one Reaper remains - Red, and she's out to exact revenge. Tells the story of Jesus Christ at age seven as he and his family depart Egypt to return home to Nazareth. Told from his childhood perspective, it follows young Jesus as he grows into his religious identity.  Step into the curio cabinet of an ambitious inventor who defies the laws of time, space and dimension in order to reinvent everything around him. Suddenly, the visible becomes invisible, perspectives are transformed, and the world is literally turned upside down. Immerse yourself in a spectacular cinematic experience through never-before-seen angles. Movie-going just got jaw-dropping! A collected-works compilation featuring three short films, "Geu-ge a-ni-go/Not That", "Hear My Song", "Seul-peun ssin/Sad Song", by contemporary South Korean filmmakers and produced by fashion magazine W Korea on its 10th year anniversary.  A darkness swirls at the center of a world-renowned dance company, one that will engulf the troupe's artistic director, an ambitious young dancer and a grieving psychotherapist. Some will succumb to the nightmare, others will finally wake up. The story of an old Jewish widow named Daisy Werthan and her relationship with her black chauffeur Hoke. From an initial mere work relationship grew in 25 years a strong friendship between the two very different characters in a time when those types of relationships where shunned upon. Oscar winning tragic comedy with a star-studded cast and based on a play of the same name by Alfred Uhry. A creepy couple kidnaps a teenage outcast and locks her in their basement with their seemingly kindhearted adolescent son - who harbors a terrifying secret involving the forces of evil. In Ancient Greece 1200 B.C., a queen succumbs to the lust of Zeus to bear a son promised to overthrow the tyrannical rule of the king and restore peace to a land in hardship. But this prince, Hercules, knows nothing of his real identity or his destiny. He desires only one thing: the love of Hebe, Princess of Crete, who has been promised to his own brother. When Hercules learns of his greater purpose, he must choose: to flee with his true love or to fulfill his destiny and become the true hero of his time. The story behind one of the greatest myths is revealed in this action-packed epic - a tale of love, sacrifice and the strength of the human spirit. In this family adventure a brother and sister, Mo and Melody, join up with the brilliant scientist and inventor Professor Shonku and his robot helper Robu to find their missing legendary explorer father. Soon they find themselves deep in the Himalayas followed by the evil Franzotti who is tracking a hidden treasure. Along the way they encounter unicorns and other magical creatures, and uncover a hidden paradise kept away from the world.  Polish writer/director Aleksander Ford's Eighth Day of the Week takes an astonishing anti-Communist stance--the first of many that would compel Ford to leave his homeland after a general governmental crackdown on personal expression in 1968. Zbigniew Cybulski and Sonja Ziemann play a married couple who fall through the cracks of Red bureaucracy in Warsaw. The film does not endeavor to preach, merely to present a matter-of-fact glance at how little the individual matters when confronted with mountains of red tape. Upon its completion in 1958, the government refused to allow Eighth Day of the Week to be shown in Poland; it would not been seen anywhere until its European release one year later. In a turbulent time in the Ming Dynasty, the Imperial Bodyguard solves humans' cases, while the Jinwu Guard takes charge of ghosts' and monsters' business. Eunuch Wei seizes great power and suppresses dissidents. Colluding with the monster Huo Feiyuan, he framed up Feng Tingzhang, the Director of the Grand Court. Zuo Changgeng, Feng's disciple, accidentally gets involved in the Jinwu Guard's monster hunting as he investigates the treasury's theft case. Though despising the Jinwu Guard, Zuo Changgeng has no choice but to ask the Jinwu Guard for help to save his master. Yi Shuihan is an upright half-human and half-monster member of the Jinwu Guard. Zuo and Yi work together and investigate in the humans' and monsters' worlds, before they gradually see through Eunuch Wei's intrigue. But the Jinwu Guard is framed up and then controlled by Eunuch Wei, and Yi and Zuo fall into Huo's trap. It turns out that Huo is the mastermind behind everything to destroy the Qianyuan Formation that ... A somewhat self-aware zombie takes it upon himself to keep the rest of the walking dead at bay. San Jose, California, 1906. Isolated in her labyrinthine mansion, eccentric firearm heiress Sarah Winchester believes that she is being haunted by the souls of those killed by the guns manufactured by her company. Vampire Barnabas Collins is inadvertently freed from his tomb and emerges into the very changed world of 1972. He returns to Collinwood Manor to find that his once-grand estate and family have fallen into ruin. While Arjun doesn't want to get married, his parents set up a blind date for him at his place. The story revolves around Arjun, how he falls for the girl he's about to meet, why and how he changed his decision to get married. Hye-jeong works in a factory on the outskirts of the city. All she wants is to live alone in peace. One night, however, she finds she has become a ghost. As a ghost, she goes back in time, day by day, and tries to keep out of harm's way. Sofia is a vampire, she's prisoner of a chat program called SISTEMA ALMA, that forces her to use her career as a pop singer to attract teenagers yearning to be killed and give them death. In 1630s New England, William and Katherine lead a devout Christian life with five children, homesteading on the edge of an impassable wilderness, exiled from their settlement when William defies the local church. When their newborn son vanishes and crops mysteriously fail, the family turns on one another. John Gregory, who is a seventh son of a seventh son and also the local spook, has protected the country from witches, boggarts, ghouls and all manner of things that go bump in the night. However John is not young anymore, and has been seeking an apprentice to carry on his trade. Most have failed to survive. The last hope is a young farmer's son named Thomas Ward. Will he survive the training to become the spook that so many others couldn't? First installment of the V-Cinema Kamen Rider Ex-Aid Trilogy: Another Ending will focus on the characters of Hiiro Kagami (Kamen Rider Brave) and Taiga Hanaya (Kamen Rider Snipe). Saki, who is supposed to have disappeared, shows up and Hiiro is concerned. However, Lovelica was behind her reappearance and he is controlling her! Also, Luke Kidman, a mysterious American who is fond of Nico appears at Taiga's hospital. However, he starts showing Lovelica's Game Disease symptoms in front of Taiga, he didn't know that Lovelica is revived after he was killed by Cronus. The destiny of both heroes is put in jeopardy by the worst game plot ever. And God Kuroto Dan, lurking in the shadows has plans of his own... Second installment of the V-Cinema Kamen Rider Ex-Aid Trilogy: Another Ending will focus on the characters of Parado (Kamen Rider Para-DX) and Poppy Pipopapo (Kamen Rider Poppy). Saiko Yaotome is a doctor dedicated to recovery treatments and heads "Let's Make Bugsters", a new training game created for the recovery of people that disappeared. The test run has Emu raising Parado and Saiko raising Poppy. There is something different about the Parado in the game, though. The "real" Parado has been trapped and he faces his mysterious double, with the strength of the bond with Emu. Final installment of the V-Cinema Kamen Rider Ex-Aid Trilogy: Another Ending will focus on the characters of Kuroto Dan (Kamen Rider Genm) and Kiriya Kujo (Kamen Rider Lazer). Genm has awoken! Kuroto Dan has obtained the God Maximum Mighty X and the world falls into the chaos that is Zombie Chronicle. Kiriya has found the key to face the power that not even Muteki can overcome and after receiving a certain message from Masamune, he faces Genm. What will become of these two and of the world? Kira (Xuxa) is a botanical that has magical powers, despite not knowing their origin. Until Nanda (Debby), a girl of 10 years, finds himself trapped in his room an elf named Damiz (Leonardo Cordonis) and asks Kira to help free him. Soon they discover that Damiz is the prince of the elves and that was hijacked by Gorgon (Guilherme Karam), a greedy executive who want to buy the house of Nanda family. To help combat Gorgon, Kira then decides to enter the world of elves. The Dwarves, Bilbo and Gandalf have successfully escaped the Misty Mountains, and Bilbo has gained the One Ring. They all continue their journey to get their gold back from the Dragon, Smaug.  This is the story of a teenager named Gracie Bowen, who lives in South Orange, New Jersey, is crazy about soccer, as are her three brothers and former soccer star father. Although Gracie wants to join her brothers and father in the nightly practices, she is discouraged by everyone except her elder brother, Johnny. Her father does not believe that girls should play soccer and tells her that she is neither tough enough nor talented enough to play with the boys team. Undeterred, Gracie finds reserves of strength she never knew existed, and persists in changing everyone's beliefs in what she is capable of, including her own. She faces an uphill battle when she fights to give women the opportunity to play competitive soccer. But as the beautiful and strong person that she has always been but she also brings her family together in the face of their own tragedy. After his career is destroyed, a brilliant but arrogant surgeon gets a new lease on life when a sorcerer takes him under her wing and trains him to defend the world against evil. Tinkerbell wanders into the forbidden Winter woods and meets Periwinkle. Together they learn the secret of their wings and try to unite the warm fairies and the winter fairies to help Pixie Hollow. A young priest is ordered to preside over the wake of a witch in the church of a remote village. This means spending three nights alone with the corpse with only his faith to protect him. Professor Evan Farnsworth is a widower who works tirelessly at a prestigious boarding school in Maine, dedicating all his time to helping his students believe in themselves. Accepting a job to teach the students left behind during Christmas vacation, including talented scholarship student Juliet, nerdy outcast Albert and privileged bad boy Drew, Farnsworth quickly faces a challenge when Drew gets into trouble. Upset his wealthy parents ditched him for a Paris skiing vacation, he takes his anger out on the neighboring town's ancient Wishing Tree, a bare tree decorated with handwritten notes containing the townspeople's greatest holiday wishes. A much loved tradition, it doubles as a fundraiser for needy families, depending on donations from eager wish-makers.  Drew's troublemaking eventually threatens Farnsworth's job, but with the help of the town and the special Wishing Tree, Farnsworth discovers that anything is possible. Starts off in the 15th century, with Connor McLeod (Christopher Lambert) training with another immortal swordsman, the Japanese sorcerer Nakano (Mako). When an evil immortal named Kane (Mario Van Peebles) kills the old wizard, the resulting battle leaves him buried in an underground cave. When Kane resurfaces in the 20th century to create havoc, it's up to McLeod to stop him. The Nephilim appear to man in the days of antiquity, and now they have returned. Travis Brown, an unsuspecting pawn in the game of humanity, is about to unleash the power of darkness. Fourteen hundred years ago, a tormented soul walked the earth that was neither man nor god. Hercules was the powerful son of the god king Zeus, for this he received nothing but suffering his entire life. After twelve arduous labors and the loss of his family, this dark, world-weary soul turned his back on the gods finding his only solace in bloody battle. Over the years he warmed to the company of six similar souls, their only bond being their love of fighting and presence of death. These men and woman never question where they go to fight or why or whom, just how much they will be paid. Now the King of Thrace has hired these mercenaries to train his men to become the greatest army of all time. It is time for this bunch of lost souls to finally have their eyes opened to how far they have fallen when they must train an army to become as ruthless and blood thirsty as their reputation has become. Dominick has always been a big kid who loved eating. It was his favourite thing. Then his cousin dies from health complications due to an improper diet and his sister makes him promise to lose some weight. This is very hard for him, but he finds motivation when he falls in love with Lydia. He spends so much time kissing and walking around with her that he no longer eats as many unhealthy things, and he loses weight without even trying. Mia, a young woman struggling with sobriety, heads to a remote cabin with a group of friends where the discovery of a Book of the Dead unwittingly summon up dormant demons which possess the youngsters one-by-one. Following a ghost invasion of Manhattan, paranormal enthusiasts Erin Gilbert and Abby Yates, nuclear engineer Jillian Holtzmann, and subway worker Patty Tolan band together to stop the otherworldly threat. Susan Morrow receives a book manuscript from her ex-husband - a man she left 20 years earlier - asking for her opinion of his writing. As she reads, she is drawn into the fictional life of Tony Hastings, a mathematics professor whose family vacation turns violent. Although Sam has the mental capacity of a 7-year-old, he has a daughter with a homeless woman who abandons them when they leave the hospital, leaving Sam to raise Lucy on his own. But as Lucy grows up, Sam's limitations start to become a problem and the authorities take her away. Sam shames high-priced lawyer, Rita into taking his case pro bono and in turn teaches her the value of love and family. In the mystical realm of Ryntia, the forces of the underworld are aligning to unleash a plague of evil upon the surface. The deadly bat-like Blood Reavers, the Saurian Maurauders, the Orcish Warmongers and the feline Shadow-cat mercenaries have pledged their respective clans to the service of Bre'Gwen, queen of the deep elves. Together they seek to destroy the human and Elven kingdoms and rule all of Ryntia in the name of evil. Kai--an outcast--joins Oishi, the leader of 47 outcast samurai.  Together they seek vengeance upon the treacherous overlord who killed their master and banished their kind.  To restore honour to their homeland, the warriors embark upon a quest that challenges them with a series of trials that would destroy ordinary warriors. Madeline Goddard, is a British double agent who meets and falls in love with a German spy Baron Karl Von Marwitz during World War I. This tale of espionage blends high adventure and romance making perfect order from wartime chaos and growing in faith from despair. Richard Titties, an out-of-shape martial arts wannabe, is shot into an alternate dimension after his girlfriend Cynthia is kidnapped. Her captors are a group of tittie obsessed madmen led by Zeefros, the master of the supernatural realm. Zeefros kidnaps women for the sole purpose of seeing their titties. Richard joins up with his sister Raine Brown, a Gorilla and a gaggle of other strange characters, in order to save his girlfriend. He must search inside, overcome his futile martial arts skills, and find the kung fu fighter within if he is to save himself and all those that dwell in the alternate world. The story of an ancient war that is reignited when a young farmhand unwittingly opens a gateway between our world and a fearsome race of giants. Unleashed on the Earth for the first time in centuries, the giants strive to reclaim the land they once lost, forcing the young man, Jack into the battle of his life to stop them. Fighting for a kingdom, its people, and the love of a brave princess, he comes face to face with the unstoppable warriors he thought only existed in legend-and gets the chance to become a legend himself. Mia Hall, a talented young cellist, thought the most difficult decision she would ever have to make would be whether to pursue her musical dreams at prestigious Juilliard or follow her heart to be with the love of her life, Adam, a rock singer/guitarist. However, a car wreck changes everything in an instant, and now Mia's life hangs in the balance. Suspended between life and death, Mia faces a choice that will decide her future. Lara Croft, the fiercely independent daughter of a missing adventurer, must push herself beyond her limits when she finds herself on the island where her father disappeared. In a dystopian future, where corporate brands have created a disillusioned population, one man's effort to unlock the truth behind the conspiracy leads to an epic battle with hidden forces that control the world. A zombie outbreak has fallen upon the land in this reimagining of Jane Austen's classic tale of the tangled relationships between lovers from different social classes in 19th century England. Feisty heroine Elizabeth Bennet (Lily James) is a master of martial arts and weaponry and the handsome Mr. Darcy (Sam Riley) is a fierce zombie killer, yet the epitome of upper class prejudice. As the zombie outbreak intensifies, they must swallow their pride and join forces on the blood-soaked battlefield in order to conquer the undead once and for all. In an alternate universe where twinned worlds have opposite gravities, a young man battles interplanetary prejudice and the laws of physics in his quest to reunite with the long-lost girl of his dreams in this visually stunning romantic adventure that poses the question: what if love was stronger than gravity? Adapted from the 1951 non-fiction account by psychoanalyst Georges Devereux, "Psychotherapy Of A Plains Indian," the film follows the true story of Picard (Del Toro), a Plains Indian of the Blackfeet nation, as he returns from WWII and begins experiencing unexplainable symptoms shortly thereafter. He travels to the famous Winter Hospital in Topeka, Kansas, where he meets Devereux (Amalric), thus beginning a professional and personal friendship guided by compassion and understanding of Native American culture. Seventeen-year-old Mariah Mundi's life is turned upside down when his parents vanish and his younger brother is kidnapped. Following a trail of clues to the darkly majestic Prince Regent Hotel, Mariah discovers a hidden realm of child-stealing monsters, deadly secrets and a long-lost artefact that grants limitless wealth--but also devastating supernatural power. With the fate of his world, and his family at stake, Mariah will risk everything to unravel the Curse of the Midas Box. From DC Comics comes the Suicide Squad, an antihero team of incarcerated supervillains who act as deniable assets for the United States government, undertaking high-risk black ops missions in exchange for commuted prison sentences. A man who stops into a foster home to drop off some donations soon tells the kids a story about two teenage friends who uncover a long-lost medallion that transports them back in time. When David Wilson's young wife falls victim to cancer, he is left a single working dad with the sole responsibility of caring for his sixth grade son with autism. Patrick, who prefers to be called 'Po,' is a gifted but challenged child who was very close to his mother and unable to communicate his own sense of loss. As father and son struggle to deal with life after mom, they each begin to withdraw into their own worlds. David into the high pressure job he's close to losing and Po drifting away from the school where he's bullied into his magical fantasy world, the Land of Color, where he's just a typical carefree boy with a rich cast of other worldly companions. The growing divide between father and son and the challenges of single parenthood of a special needs child threaten to separate David and Po permanently. Based on a true story, the bonds of love between a grieving father and son are tested in the most real way in Po. The coming-of-age story of Cayden Richards. Forced to hit the road after the murder of his parents, Cayden wanders lost without purpose... Until he meets a certifiable lunatic named Wild Joe who sets him on a path to the ominous town of Lupine Ridge to hunt down the truths of his history. But in the end| who's really hunting whom? When the Sultan's first born is taken by an evil sorcerer, Sinbad is tasked with traveling to a desert of magic and creatures to save her. 200 years after his shocking creation, Dr. Frankenstein's creature, Adam, still walks the earth. But when he finds himself in the middle of a war over the fate of humanity, Adam discovers he holds the key that could destroy humankind. A 14 year old genius gets rejected by Harvard and ends up at a much lower ranked school where he makes friends with a mature student. After getting a taste for blood as children, Hansel and Gretel have become the ultimate vigilantes, hell-bent on retribution. Now, unbeknownst to them, Hansel and Gretel have become the hunted, and must face an evil far greater than witches... their past. A cop is suspended from the force when he gets too personally involved in solving the murder of a womanizing L.A. songwriter. During the Royal Ball, Cinderella and her mice fellows discover a secret that could shake their world: the real prince has turned into a mouse by the evil witch, and the "Prince" from the Royal Ball is in fact a fraud. Now, Cinderella and her friends are going to begin a whole new adventure to save the real Prince, and help him defeat the evil force. A painful true story of a revolutionary Andian warrior whose strength and devotion to his people influenced many in Latin America, Africa and the West. The third episode of the Cities of Love franchise, Rio, I Love You is an anthology, created by 10 visionary directors from across the globe. The story line of each segment focuses on an encounter of love in a different neighborhood of the city, demonstrating the distinctive qualities and character of that location. The film serves to bridge gaps between cultures, educating and entertaining the audience, while celebrating unique and universal expressions of love. The year 2050 the planet has become overpopulated, to help control population the government develops a race. The Death Race. Annually competitors race across the country scoring points for killing people with their vehicles. A mind-bending thriller set in Portland, Oregon about an unspoken tragedy and its effects on a house, its temporary caretakers and the owners, a classical music critic and his wife on a recuperative trip to Italy. Once home to the most advanced civilization on Earth, Atlantis is now an underwater kingdom ruled by the power-hungry King Orm. With a vast army at his disposal, Orm plans to conquer the remaining oceanic people and then the surface world. Standing in his way is Arthur Curry, Orm's half-human, half-Atlantean brother and true heir to the throne. Riding across Manhattan in a stretch limo during a riot in order to get a haircut, a 28-year-old billionaire asset manager's life begins to crumble. After a series of murders occur, two vampire hunters and some FBI agents hunt down the empress vampire who caused the mayhem. It's Schluufy's birthday, and the Oogieloves (Goobie, Zoozie and Toofie), along with their friends J. Edgar, Windy Window and Ruffy, are organizing a party. (Shh! It's a secret.) Everything is going along just perfectly until J. Edgar trips and loses the last five magical balloons in all of Lovelyloveville--OH NO! The Oogiloves set out to find the magical balloons in time to save their friend's party. Along the way, they meet some very interesting characters indeed, including Dotty Rounder (Cloris Leachman), Bobby Wobbly (Carey Elwes), Milky Marvin (Chazz Palminteri), Rosalie Rosebud (Toni Braxton) and Lola and Lero Sombero (Christopher Lloyd and Jaime Pressly). Can these new friends help them recover the magical balloons and get back to the cottage in time to celebrate Schluufy's surprise birthday? In the aftermath of his girlfriend's mysterious death, a young man awakens to strange horns sprouting from his temples. The defiant leader Moses rises up against the Egyptian Pharaoh Ramses, setting 400,000 slaves on a monumental journey of escape from Egypt and its terrifying cycle of deadly plagues. Two mysterious women seek refuge in a run-down coastal resort. Clara meets lonely Noel, who provides shelter in his deserted guesthouse, Byzantium. Schoolgirl Eleanor befriends Frank and tells him their lethal secret--they were born 200 years ago and survive on human blood. As knowledge of their secret spreads, their past catches up on them with deathly consequences. In New York City, Clary Fray, a seemingly ordinary teenager, learns that she is descended from a line of Shadowhunters -- half-angel warriors who protect humanity from evil forces. After her mother disappears, Clary joins forces with a group of Shadowhunters and enters Downworld, an alternate realm filled with demons, vampires, and a host of other creatures. Clary and her companions must find and protect an ancient cup that holds the key to her mother's future. Two androgynous creatures embark on a psychotronic journey of self-discovery in a cruel, unusual, mostly male world in this dark comedy about two gay androids abandoned in a New Jersey suburb inhabited by God, the devil, and other lowlifes. Ethan Wate just wants to get to know Lena Duchannes better, but unbeknownst to him, Lena has strange powers.  As Lena's 16th birthday approaches she might decide her fate, to be good or evil.  A choice which will impact her relationship forever. From the beginning, stories of angels and men have captured our imaginations and have been etched into our history crossing all boundaries of culture, religion, and time. These two races have dominated the landscape of modern mythology for countless centuries, almost washing away the evidence that a third ever existed. This third race, born of smokeless fire, was called the jinn. Similar to humans in many ways, the jinn lived invisibly among us and only under dire or unusual circumstances were our paths ever meant to cross. After the events in the previous film, Secret Service agent Mike Banning finds himself framed for an assassination attempt on the President. Pursued by his own agency and the FBI, Banning races to clear his name and uncover the real terrorist threat which has set its sights on Air Force One. Many thousands of years in the future, Earth's cities roam the globe on huge wheels, devouring each other in a struggle for ever diminishing resources. On one of these massive traction cities, the old London, Tom Natsworthy has an unexpected encounter with a mysterious young woman from the wastelands who will change the course of his life forever. The plot is a loose autobiographical interpretation of the life of Vernon and Irene Castle, interspersed among a typical melodrama of the period Two helpless high school geeks travel to Russia the summer before their senior year in hopes of losing their virginity at a summer camp that "guarantees" they'll get laid. One virtuous woman who now holds the "Sign of Marta" will journey to uncover her true destiny, transforming an ordinary woman into a legacy. It's more than good vs evil. It's more than love vs war. It's destiny vs fate. A sculptor lends money to a bankrupt man, who agrees to allow his daughter pose for the sculptor's next work. The film caused a scandal in Argentina for the depiction of then 17-year-old Olga Zubarry's naked back. Adaptated from the novel "Fraulein Else" by Arthur Schnitzler. The story follows a young lawyer, Arthur Kipps, who is ordered to travel to a remote village and sort out a recently deceased client's papers. As he works alone in the client's isolated house, Kipps begins to uncover tragic secrets, his unease growing when he glimpses a mysterious woman dressed only in black. Receiving only silence from the locals, Kipps is forced to uncover the true identity of the Woman in Black on his own, leading to a desperate race against time when he discovers her true identity. Set in a post apocalyptic world where vampires named for Greek gods, and witches rule. It is a classic vampire story with some real twists: The plot centers around a male vampire named Eros who falls in love with a human named Samuel. Eros wants to "save" Samuel and make him a vampire, but Eros evil vampire lover, Dionysus has other ideas. Matters are complicated by Eros' sister/lover, Persephone, an ambiguous Bookkeeper and three witches, who know secrets of the universe and The Laws Of Eternity.A deep tale of decadence,erotica and Major stylized horror themes,shot around surreal and post apocalyptic sets on one hand and lavish,dark Gothic atmospheres on the other. President Lincoln's mother is killed by a supernatural creature, which fuels his passion to crush vampires and their slave-owning helpers. The modern world holds many secrets, but by far the most astounding is that witches still live among us; vicious supernatural creatures intent on unleashing the Black Death upon the world and putting an end to the human race once and for all. Armies of witch hunters have battled this unnatural enemy for centuries, including Kaulder, a valiant warrior who many years ago slayed the all-powerful Witch Queen, decimating her followers in the process. In the moments right before her death, the Queen cursed Kaulder with immortality, forever separating him from his beloved wife and daughter. Today, Kaulder is the last living hunter who has spent his immortal life tracking down rogue witches, all the while yearning for his long-lost family. After the disappearance of her scientist father, three peculiar beings send Meg, her brother, and her friend to space in order to find him. Oscar Diggs, a small-time circus illusionist and con-artist, is whisked from Kansas to the Land of Oz where the inhabitants assume he's the great wizard of prophecy, there to save Oz from the clutches of evil. Set in a futuristic environment, "Mars et Avril" tells the story of an elderly musician and his instrument maker who both become obsessed with the same woman. She agrees to be the model for their next musical instrument but then gets lost in a virtual world on the way to Mars. A writer having trouble finishing a crime story meets a mysterious woman who literally brings his characters to life. Unfortunately, the gangster in his story just wants to be left alone, even if it means killing the writer. Meanwhile the writer and the mysterious woman embark on their own twisting romantic narrative. A decade after his heroic defeat of the monstrous Kraken, Perseus-the demigod son of Zeus-is attempting to live a quieter life as a village fisherman and the sole parent to his 10-year old son, Helius. Meanwhile, a struggle for supremacy rages between the gods and the Titans. Dangerously weakened by humanity's lack of devotion, the gods are losing control of the imprisoned Titans and their ferocious leader, Kronos, father of the long-ruling brothers Zeus, Hades and Poseidon. The last Gunslinger, Roland Deschain, has been locked in an eternal battle with Walter O'Dim, also known as the Man in Black, determined to prevent him from toppling the Dark Tower, which holds the universe together. With the fate of the worlds at stake, good and evil will collide in the ultimate battle as only Roland can defend the Tower from the Man in Black. After 29-year-old Adaline recovers from a nearly lethal accident, she inexplicably stops growing older. As the years stretch on and on, Adaline keeps her secret to herself  until she meets a man who changes her life. When her father unexpectedly passes away, young Ella finds herself at the mercy of her cruel stepmother and her daughters. Never one to give up hope, Ella's fortunes begin to change after meeting a dashing stranger in the woods. When Jonas was 14 he met the charismatic but mysterious Nathan. In addition to guiding him in his sexuality, Jonas soon confronts something dark and even dangerous about his new friend. Now an attractive, sexually assured adult, memories still haunt him. Trying frantically to put the missing pieces together, Jonas becomes determined to break the shackles of the past and finally set himself free. A small country on the verge of bankruptcy is persuaded to enter the 1932 Los Angeles Olympics as a means of raising money. Either a masterpiece of absurdity or a triumph of satire, depending on your mood, but it's quite possibly the funniest movie ever made, and becomes even funnier with subsequent viewings. Randall Dooley is a geek. His three best friends are geeks too. He works in a game shop, he spends all his free time playing online games, his older brother bullies him unmercifully, his ... After the birth of Renesmee, the Cullens gather other vampire clans in order to protect the child from a false allegation that puts the family in front of the Volturi. The entire entourage of a flea circus runs away to join a dog. Samantha Kingston has everything. Then, everything changes. After one fateful night, she wakes up with no future at all. Trapped into reliving the same day over and over, she begins to question just how perfect her life really was. Lonely toymaker Geppetto has his wishes answered when the Blue Fairy arrives to bring his wooden puppet Pinocchio to life. Before becoming a real boy, however, Pinocchio must prove he's worthy as he sets off on an adventure with his whistling sidekick and conscience, Jiminy Cricket. A young boy comes of age in the most peculiar of circumstances. Tonight is the very first time his Papa and Grandpa are taking him to work. In an old wooden boat they row far out to sea, and with no land in sight, they stop and wait. A big surprise awaits the boy as he discovers his family's most unusual line of work. Should he follow the example of his Papa, or his Grandpa? Will he be able to find his own way in the midst of their conflicting opinions and timeworn traditions? At eleven years old Joe Norman is told by his dying father that he is an alien hiding on earth. Joe believes him. He grows up to be a die-hard fan-boy working in a comic shop. When he falls for down-to-earth Maria, a fellow sci-fi fan, he is inspired to lead a more normal social existence. Until intergalactic bounty hunters track Joe down at his new office and the couple soon learn the dangerous truth about who Joe really is. A depressed musician reunites with his lover in the desolate streets of Detroit. Though their romance has endured several centuries, it is tested by the arrival of her capricious and unpredictable younger sister. This romantic fantasy movie is about two people who are the last survivors of an ancient line of goddess worshipers, who sell art at a shop. When their teenage daughter Rhea falls in love with a poetically inclined boy , she begins to develop magical powers of her own throwing everything into chaos. Two powerful female warriors must journey across a post-apocalyptic land to fight a ritual duel, and fulfill an ancient prophecy. After losing her mother in a tragic accident, Beckett Warner realizes that her troubles may be far worse--her school is run by a coven of beautiful women who perpetuate their youth by drinking the blood of virgins. Exposure follows a rookie Detroit African-American female cop who stumbles upon corrupt officers who are murdering a drug dealer, an incident captured by her body cam. They pursue her through the night in an attempt to destroy the footage, but to make matters worse, they've tipped off a criminal gang that she's responsible for the dealer's death. Based on the classic novel by Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game is the story of the Earth's most gifted children training to defend their homeplanet in the space wars of the future. When Ghost Shark returns to terrorize Auckland, Mayor Broody calls in an expert ghost shark hunter to protect the citizens and finally defeat the creature. An American sniper and his spotter engage in a deadly cat-and-mouse game with an Iraqi sniper. Two investigators of paranormal hoaxes, the veteran Dr. Margaret Matheson and her young assistant, Tom Buckley, study the most varied metaphysical phenomena with the aim of proving their fraudulent origins. Simon Silver, a legendary blind psychic, reappears after an enigmatic absence of 30 years to become the greatest international challenge to both orthodox science and professional sceptics. Tom starts to develop an intense obsession with Silver, whose magnetism becomes stronger with each new manifestation of inexplicable events. As Tom gets closer to Silver, tension mounts, and his worldview is threatened to its core. Ian Folivor, a depressed and reclusive 30-something, finds himself taking advice from a growth in his bathroom after a failed suicide attempt. The Mold, a smooth talking fungus who was born of the filth collecting in a corner of Ian's neglected bathroom, works to win Ian's trust by helping him clean himself up and remodel his lifestyle. With The Mold's help, Ian attracts the attention of a neighbor he's been ogling through his peephole, Leah, and he manages to find a slice of happiness despite his unnatural circumstances. But Ian starts to receive strange messages from his old and broken down TV set that make him realize that The Mold may not be as helpful as it seems to be, and strange characters combined with stranger events cast Ian's life in the shadow of an epic battle between good and evil that Ian is only partially aware of. A truly mad concoction, blending 1950s juvenile delinquents, sci-fi melodrama, song-and-dance, and a touch of horror, everything in just the right combination to create an engaging big screen spectacle! This curious and curiously entertaining story involves one Jonathan Xavier and his devoted misfit gang who, incidentally, have been exiled to Earth from the far reaches of outer space. Johnny's former girlfriend Bliss has left him and stolen his Resurrection Suit, a cosmic, mind-bending uniform that gives the owner power over others. Along the way, there will be several highly stylized musical numbers, lots of genuinely humorous dialogue, and a wacky plot-twist or two, all beautifully captured on the very last of Kodak's black-and-white Plus-X film stock. Young Anna is from Romania and old Noun is from Egypt. They are neighbours in a rundown building in Paris. They share the same interest in idle news but they hate to talk about themselves. Yet, old secrets are unveiled, little by little. The film ricochets in different directions. Fiction, biography, animation, mystery, detective story - the life of Monsieur Noun has too many stories in it to be captured in one form. A man struggles to find out the truth behind his identity while fighting an evil army. Long ago in a faraway land, a young wizard's apprentice named Alerik discovers a pathway under the wall that surround his land to a shining city alive with the magic of Christmas. Henry Long desperately seeks a cure for the condition that leaves him unable to feel physical pain. The son of a fundamentalist pastor becomes addicted to an irresistible witch. If he gives in to his temptation, he will be doomed to eternal life on the dark side. The story of Katherine Ann Watson, a feminist teacher who studied at UCLA graduate school and in 1953 left her boyfriend behind in Los Angeles, California to teach at Wellesley College, a conservative women's private liberal arts college in Massachusetts, United States. Inspired by Carmilla, the seminal 19th Century vampire tale by Sheridan LeFanu, STYRIA plunges the viewer into a haunted world of fantasy and obsession. In 1989, Lara Hill (Eleanor Tomlinson), accompanies her art historian father (Stephen Rea) to an abandoned castle across the Iron Curtain. From a car crash outside of the castle, emerges the beautiful and mysterious Carmilla. Lara secrets Carmilla into the castle and the two are drawn into an intoxicating relationship. But when Carmilla mysteriously disappears, and women of the town begin committing suicide, Lara's psychic wounds erupt into a living nightmare that consumes the entire town of Styria. The film speaks about universal themes of love, hate and search for love. The portrait of three women represents these three states. Tanya Neubivko has never been in love but optimistically is searing for it. Her unfortunate and even dangerous encounters with strangers on dates almost got her killed. Rita is happily engaged and planning a wedding after a routine medical check-up. Nadya is a very unhappy doctor who hates her husband and finds relief in alcohol. The story takes place in a surreal hospital with the leaking roof and hollow walls and constantly smoking doctors, where Rita is destined to die. In a California desert town, a short-order cook with clairvoyant abilities encounters a mysterious man with a link to dark, threatening forces. Sodium Party follows Claire through a harrowing childhood to university where she meets Danny, a frequently intoxicated photographer who exposes her to real life through a cocktail of love and drugs. Their relationship is tested when ghosts of Claire's tumultuous past manifest through super 8 home movie footage causing her world to unravel. This is Historical / Mystic / Fantasy based on true and fiction events and includes some codes from the famous Georgian poem 'The Knights in the Tiger`s Skin' written by Shota Rustveli in the end of 12th century. Well known film producer Demetre Orbeli A loving father finds a clown suit for his son's birthday party, only to realize the suit is part of an evil curse that turns its wearer into a killer. A warrior fleeing the violence of his past must take up the sword and risk everything to face a god of incalculable power. Thrust into an all-new adventure, a down-on-his-luck Capt. Jack Sparrow feels the winds of ill-fortune blowing even more strongly when deadly ghost sailors led by his old nemesis, the evil Capt. Salazar, escape from the Devil's Triangle. Jack's only hope of survival lies in seeking out the legendary Trident of Poseidon, but to find it, he must forge an uneasy alliance with a brilliant and beautiful astronomer and a headstrong young man in the British navy. An original story featuring performances by Cirque du Soleil. A young woman is entranced by an Aerialist. When they fall into the dreamlike world of Cirque du Soleil and are separated, they travel through the different tent worlds trying to find each other. Tessa Young is a dedicated student, dutiful daughter and loyal girlfriend to her high school sweetheart. Entering her first semester of college, Tessa's guarded world opens up when she meets Hardin Scott, a mysterious and brooding rebel who makes her question all she thought she knew about herself -- and what she wants out of life. Gopal and his best friends are back again, and this time they move back to their old neighborhood in a new palatial house where they learn that it is being haunted by a ghost. Horror anthology featuring nerve shattering short horror stories, that will make your bones freeze. Saioa escapes from a shooting in a wedding ceremony. Aitor is unable to avoid a suicide. Oihana wants her father to recover from cancer. Kali tries to decide what to do next. The four of them will meet in a fantasy. Young Atsuko Kagami comes into possession of a magical mirror that lets her transform into anything she wishes. Atsuko Kagami then attempts to save a company which is about to be sold by using her transformation abilities. She also falls in love as a 22-year-old college student. Based on the classic works of Edgar Allan Poe, directors Bart Mastronardi &amp; Alan Rowe Kelly have assembled an award-winning cast and crew for the highly anticipated film TALES OF POE. A unique new spin on three of Poe's popular stories (The Tell Tale Heart, The Cask of Amontillado &amp; Dreams), Mastronardi &amp; Kelly weave together a compelling &amp; suspenseful anthology that will captivate Poe enthusiasts &amp; horror fans alike!  A burglar falls for an heiress as she dies in his arms. When he learns that he has the gift of reincarnation, he sets out to save her. Calvin is a young novelist who achieved phenomenal success early in his career but is now struggling with his writing - as well as his romantic life. Finally, he makes a breakthrough and creates a character named Ruby who inspires him. When Calvin finds Ruby, in the flesh, sitting on his couch about a week later, he is completely flabbergasted that his words have turned into a living, breathing person. The film revolves around an atheist named Mallikarjuna who falls in love with an ardent devotee of Lord Shiva; when an evil power threatens the world and his beloved, he decides to stand up against it and fight to save the world. Old Bellousinni hates Christmas above all things. Living alone in his great mansion with his butler, his evil has no limits. But on Christmas night, the visit of an old friend and three ghosts that teach him the true meaning of parties and happiness ... or at least what they try. Black and scary comedy based on Dickens's "Christmas Story." Dr. Elson Po is one of the world's most famous wine grower. He has a magic potion which has kept him handsome and alive during the centuries. However, the magic which rejuvenates him seem to be less and less effective. As a side project he make movies and invites a group of young, aspiring actors to his island for a party, believing that the young, handsome actress Jezebel can be his new source of life. Written by Mattias Thuresson Christmas wishes come true for Lobo, whose favorite cousin arrives for a surprise visit, and for Glorb, who wishes he could be everywhere at once! CHAMPIONS OF THE DEEP is a fantastic adventure movie for the whole family! A brother and sister help a mythical guardian of the ocean find the Sword of the Sea, and bring balance back to the waters of the earth. While fighting the dark forces of the water, the kids learn to use their martial arts skills to protect the ocean that they love. The story follows 19-year-old Renee who has always loved fairy tales: the idea of a princess, a hero and a happily ever after. But Renee's life is that of a darker tale: she's a young woman battling addiction, depression and self-injury. In a creative blend of artistic fantasy balanced with harsh reality, the movie follows Renee on her courageous journey towards recovery. A black and white silent movie, based on the Snow White fairy tale, that is set in a romantic version of 1920s Seville and centered on a female bullfighter. In their quest to confront the ultimate evil, Percy and his friends battle swarms of mythical creatures to find the mythical Golden Fleece and to stop an ancient evil from rising. A drama centered on an office worker on the verge of retirement who begins to relive both real and imagined memories. Two teens battle their way through a religious apocalypse on a mission to defeat the Antichrist. An absurdist, surrealistic and shocking pitch-black comedy, which moves freely from nightmare to fantasy to hilariously deadpan humour as it muses on man's perpetual inhumanity to man. A young rich orphan loses his fiancee to voodoo doll mischief on the part of his housekeeper who is jealous of his attentions. He digs his girlfriend up, cleans her out, stuffs her, and puts her in bed at the mansion. Following this, he tries out and disposes of a series of young maidens, trying to find the right replacement for her, and the disapproving housekeeper helps him with the disposals. Fishing Naked is a comedy. It is a film about four young adults being bad in the woods. They pull Bigfoot hoaxes, scare tourists, disrespect their elders, hook up and smoke dope. That is until they realize there is an alien creature they have inadvertently put in harms way with all the attention they have been attracting to their rural mountain community. As their relationships fray, they hatch a half-baked plot to pull the biggest hoax yet to right their wrongs by deliberately getting caught in the act. In a cabin of the deep of the forest, a child and his father leas a wild and hard life in utmost isolation. The child grows up fearing and admiring his father, with the ghosts haunting the forest as his only companions. Until the day he discovers the neighbouring village and meets a young girl there, Manon. At her side, he discovers that love exists. From then on he won't cease to search for the place where his father's love for him is hiding. Family film directed by Sheldon Renan. There is a plot under way to change the course of history. Four kids are chosen to be the Freedom Force--a gang of unlikely heroes who travel through time to change the outcome of sacred stories. In a deep forest, the statue of Venus stands alone. The winter snows end and the ice melts into the river. As the spring arrives, David and Eros, are installed besides her. Venus instantly falls in love with David. While dreaming Venus becomes human and realizes David also loves her. Eros' jealousy alters the love triangle dramatically into a tragedy. Two sisters of Mapuche descent, are hired as guides for a northamerican geologist, who works for an enterprise which want to build a dam, through an unexplored wood in Chile's south. Legend says woods are haunted by the spirits of dead Mapuche fighters, 500 years ago.  In a war-torn country that is plagued by a vicious dragon, Elenn, an arrogant, young noblewoman, accompanies her aunt on a mission to bring an ancient relic to the secret coronation of the rightful king. A teacher with paranormal abilities helps a group of ghosts graduate high school. Is inner beauty more important than shopping? Can homosexuals read? Does prostitution solve everything? And who is she wearing? Discover the answers to these and other existential questions in Fallen Jewel - a new motion picture brought to you by the creators of the acclaimed Capitol Hill series. Featuring sensational original soundtrack, fierce fashion, plenty of man-candy and vibrant performances, it's the queer pop-art fantasia you've been waiting for your whole life. Waxie Moon, a "burlesque performer for a new century" - NPR, searches for a perfect man between exuberant musical numbers and the unspeakable ordeals of motherhood. Addicted to romance and dressed to kill, Waxie is always ready to fall in love. In the wildly shifting world where genders and genres are fluid, Waxie's adventures include a trip to the underworld, a forbidden love affair in the 1950's, and even online dating! At an international school in Jakarta, a philosophy teacher challenges his class of twenty graduating seniors to choose which ten of them would take shelter underground and reboot the human race in the event of a nuclear apocalypse. In 1943, five US soldiers are recruited by the OSS for a time travel mission to save the world from the tyranny of Hitler's 25th Reich. A teenager finds himself transported to an island where he must help protect a group of orphans with special powers from creatures intent on destroying them. When a couple discovers that a brass teapot makes them money whenever they hurt themselves, they must come to terms with how far they are willing to go. A scanner discovers a plot by renegade elements in the city government to take power with the help of evil scanners. Imaginaerum tells the story of an elderly composer, Tom, who suffers from severe dementia. As he has had the disease for years and has regressed into childhood, he remembers practically nothing from his adult life. His music, friends, all his past including the memory of his daughter are a blur in his fragile mind. All he has left is the imagination of a ten year old boy. As he drifts away into coma, it seems impossible to get back what he has lost. Or is it? Stitch discovers Jumba's secret computer that reveals what creatures Jumba had used to create Stitch, and also hints at his other 625 experiments. Stitch is scared to find out what a monster he is, only for Jumba to come and explain how he found love when he met Lilo. Three women struggle to survive in the Alaskan wilderness after a mysterious event has left them homeless. Along the way, they encounter other survivors who are out to help or hurt them, as well as a dangerous supernatural presence.  In a future world of scientific advances, humans share every aspects of their lives with their machines. But when a leading scientist and his team build an advanced prototype cyborg, the scientists aren't prepared for the consequences An ailing father, who is about to undergo a potentially life-threatening surgery, takes his teenage kids into the woods to try and recapture their early closeness, before he and his wife divorced and everything changed. But the three are swept into a supernatural adventure, in which only their Father, Chris, "The Healer," has the ability to control their destinies. Lost in a haunted forest from which there seems no escape except death, this moving and sensitive script tells a beautiful story of a family's tragedy &amp; resilience A young schizophrenic who felt threatened by a presence he was unable to define turns up gruesomely dead in his bathtub Thor fights to restore order across the cosmos... but an ancient race led by the vengeful Malekith returns to plunge the universe back into darkness. Faced with an enemy that even Odin and Asgard cannot withstand, Thor must embark on his most perilous and personal journey yet, one that will reunite him with Jane Foster and force him to sacrifice everything to save us all. Waking Life is about a young man in a persistent lucid dream-like state. The film follows its protagonist as he initially observes and later participates in philosophical discussions that weave together issues like reality, free will, our relationships with others, and the meaning of life. A love letter to Hollywood and Broadway musicals of the past. While participation in a scientific experiment, a young woman falls through a wormhole and winds up in Wonderland! This is not the Wonderland you remember, but a brand new world where all fairy tales exist and they are finally all grown up! On her journey to find her way back home, Emmanuelle encounters The Mad Hatter, Goldilocks, The Big Bad Wolf, Dorothy, The Scarecrow, Humpty Dumpty, Jack and Jill, Snow White, The Frog Prince, The Evil Queen and many more! What follows is the most outrageous, sexy musical comedy of the year featuring 12 original songs! It's naked 'Glee' meets Disney on acid! For children of all ages... Over 18! Documentary giving an extensive look into the design and development of the creatures created for artist Takashi Murakami's first feature film, Jellyfish Eyes. They say the darkest hour is just before dawn, and at the Sunrise diner it's very late indeed. Four couples find themselves at an out-of-the-way 24-hour diner, but they are not all that they seem. Intertwined throughout the night are a middle age couple who are at a crisis in their lives, a cook who thinks he is finally finding his way forward, a waitress in a bad relationship and a young punk and his girlfriend who think this is the last stop before the new world of imagined ease. But the strangest of all are the dark stranger and young girl who don't seem to be part of this world. A film about dreams gone bad, missed opportunities, love, fear and death. Humans massacred their race, wrote them out of history, and pushed them into myth... Now in the midst of a Vampire civil war, an exiled Vampire prince has escaped into the mountains of the new America, building a hidden army for revenge against his family. Years later, in the dead of winter, a group of grad students start their research on the disappearance of wildlife in those very mountains. When they come close to the truth, they begin the fight for their own survival. As the fight escalates, the Vampire prince descends upon the conflict. He is forced to visit his dark past as the fates of the student's are decided. World War II vet Paul Sutton falls for a pregnant and unwed woman who persuades him -- during their first encounter -- to pose as her husband so she can face her family. A woman suffers from an unusual illness caused by a flower growing in her lungs. Kenichi Shibuya is a 50-year-old salaryman who divorced a few years back. Since the divorce, his relationship with his daughter has become awkward. One day, Kenichi Shibuya and his boss Yumi Ayase are struck by lightning and die. They go to the afterlife. There in the afterlife they hear of a legendary soup. If someone drinks the legendary soup, that person is reborn, but the reborn person has no memories of their prior life. Kenichi Shibuya then searches for the secrets in the legendary soup, hoping to be reborn, but not forget his daughter. A post-apocalyptic universe. A metropolis of two societies. On the surface, a regime that isolates the individuals in elite. A whole city scraped in the underground, where survival is the only law. Up and down don't merge. Yet the Mole will climb up to fulfil his dreams. The warrior is Esmeralda, a princess who has brains, can fight and is pretty, too. The sexy one is Don Juan, a pretty boy laughing at danger. These two Spanish champions, along with Don Juan's sidekick Miguel, dance and joke their way through a swashbuckling, Renaissance adventure, saving the queen's English cousin from the nasty, Teutonic Krankenmal. God lives in New York City and He's really annoyed with the human race. He needs his faith in mankind restored and comes up with a plan. He dispatches his angelic assistant Serena to approach ladies' man Rick Cozwell and inform him that he has 60 days to fall in love or the world will come to an abrupt end. 13 year old kind-hearted Sonja arrives at a tiny village together with a company of bandits. But there is a curse on the village. A long time ago, the King's only daughter Goldhair disappeared while searching for the Christmas Star. The Queen died of a broken heart, leaving the shattered King all on his own. From that day on, the King cursed the Christmas Star, thereby causing darkness and grief to descend upon the land. However, an old sage has revealed that Goldhair is still alive, and will return only if the King finds the way back to the Christmas Star. Ever since, the King has been searching for the Christmas Star every Christmas, but all in vain. European mercenaries searching for black powder become embroiled in the defense of the Great Wall of China against a horde of monstrous creatures. Brian is a 16 year-old who can't play basketball, but he still wants to play like his hero, Kevin Durant. At an Oklahoma City Thunder game, Brian gets chosen to shoot a half court shot which he misses and hits the mascot in the process. Later on, he gets a chance to meet Durant and expresses his desire to play just like him. When Kevin gives Brian the ball, the two  unknowingly switch talents. In Nightscape, an emotionally guarded drifter, Kat (Galesh), crosses paths with a phantom car responsible for a wave of supernatural violence. The drifter must learn to trust again if she is to end a lifetime of bad luck and help her new found companions survive the growing chaos and carnage. For three long centuries Creeporia has lived in an immortal freeze. A timeless soul lost in the breeze. Now, one way to win back her life is if she can become the wife of one who'll gladly give their heart to such a vain, repulsive tart! The second way to end this game is if she can regain her fame. Should she become a star once more. Then this curse gets thrown out the door! Will this undead actress escape her curse? Frank (12) and his sister Caroline (16) arrive in mythical Attic Town in Shadowland, where the Great Syndicate is ruling and robbing citizens. An army of Shadows kidnaps anyone out after dark and the Patrolling Thieves make the daylight miserable for everyone. Attic Town is a place where the streets have no names and there is no turning back. Not realizing that they shifted in space and time, Frank and Caroline part, looking for directions. Wandering the streets, the boy meets Donlore, a young Patrolling Thief, and trusts this somewhat shadowy figure despite his first instincts. Caroline finds herself on a farm outside of town. She soon sets on a journey to find her brother and help him realize his mistake. She has to find him before dark. When the night falls, he will remain one of the dark rulers forever and there will be no way back. In the meantime, the underground opposition of Attic Town begins to revolt. A combination of fantasy and comedy, director Shohei Shiozaki's debut film is a youthful tale portraying the importance of friendship through the struggles of an immigrant family, while offering a beautiful celebration of Japanese culture. Chad Turner has been implanted with a the only working biometric computer chip (aka The Mark of the Beast) in the world. The chip has the power to change the world with whoever controls it and Joseph Pike is determined acquire the chip even in the face of the most unforeseen event "The Rapture". Pike has taken hostage Mr.Cooper the head of security of Avanti the chip maker in order to help locate Turner and deliver the chip to his boss. Amongst the chaos Chad Turner must beat all odds to stay alive and keep the chip from falling into the wrong hands The average person lives a Lifespan from around 0-80 sequentially. Spanners don't. Some live their lives in reverse. Some come alive for a single day every ten years. Some like our hero, Dr. Adam Parr - are immortal. Feature documentary exploring the concept of heroic women from the birth of the superhero in the 1940s to the TV and big screen action blockbusters of today. Heroic role models are important in childhood development, yet there are a dearth of these for girls. Wonder Woman provides a rare example of a female heroine who doesn't require rescue, determines her own missions, and possesses uniquely feminine values. Featuring Gloria Steinem, actors Lynda Carter and Lindsey Wagner, and a colorful cast of scholars, writers, and fans, the film challenges pop culture's gender biases by looking at how Wonder Woman's storyline changed over time while considering how women are rarely depicted as heroic, powerful, or world-changing An epic silent space opera about a robot-based alien invasion, featuring unique visuals created by meticulously modifying and editing thousands of hours of silent and serial film footage. With an original story, musical score, and sound design, Time of the Robots creates a new experience highly reminiscent of early cinema. The investigation of a mysterious serial-killer in a mountain village, set in Norway in the mid 1300s. When inept, self-proclaimed survival experts Kaduche and Wynn discover the world's impending destruction, they pull their act off YouTube and enter Epic Mode to save the Earth. Teaming up with their nemesis, the girl of their dreams, and an eccentric visionary known as the Oracle, the group sets out to battle domestic terrorists, disenfranchised Russian communists and brain-eating zombies. We follow 24 hours in the life of a being moving from life to life like a cold and solitary assassin moving from hit to hit. In each of these interwoven lives, the being possesses an entirely distinct identity: sometimes a man, sometimes a woman, sometimes youthful, sometimes old. By turns murderer, beggar, company chairman, monstrous creature, worker, family man. Rows is a psychological thriller, a Gothic fantasy inspired by Grimm's tales. A young woman, Rose, is tasked by her developer father to deliver an eviction notice to a reclusive woman in a ramshackle farmhouse. The woman has strange powers, derived from the house itself. The enchantress puts Rose and her friend, Greta, under a spell. They become lost in a seemingly infinite cornfield and must repeat a series of surreal or terrifying events in order to solve the mystery and break the spell. Rose's father is drawn into the mystery, and Rose's relationship with him is tested. A series of shocking reversals leads to a haunting climax. A private investigator must unravel the murder of her uncle while keeping the secret that she is a descendant from a line of werewolves. After his girlfriend commits suicide, a man (Shinya Tsukamoto) becomes embroiled in gang warfare attempting to obtain a gun in hopes to kill himself. Action/horror story centered on a secret organization formed by the Catholic Church to counteract the rising number of cases of demonic possessions across the country. The story follows a young godless man who is being recruited into the cloth in order to prepare a new generation with the tools needed to stop the rise of the ultimate evil; Beelzebub. The Searcher, a guy who left his old life in search of the Sweet Fruits, sets out to travel into the world. In the very beginning he meets the forester, who seems to have the answer to all his questions. Unfortunately the Searcher doesn't understand anything the forester says, so he has to consult with the wise men of this world in the hope that they can give him the answers he is looking for. His Odyssey leads him on dangerous adventures around the globe until he can finally meet his destiny and uncover the secret of the Sweet Fruits. Women are practically throwing themselves at Rich and he can't seem to control himself. But he continually blames his penis, which seems to have a mind of its own. After ruining yet another promising relationship with Jamie, Rich has finally had enough and wishes his penis would just leave him alone. The next morning, Rich wakes up to find his wish has come true and his johnson is no longer on his body. Even worse, Rich is shocked to discover that his penis has taken human form... It's Morphin' time! There's a tumor in the collective unconscious, and it's up to 6 young people to draw on its power to become the Struggled Reagans! Armed with Metaphysical super powers, a giant robot, and perverse sexual fetishes, they can defeat an ancient Hindu god and his googley eyed monster...Right? A troubled group of children living on the same block are haunted by a talking dog named Labby who brings them on surreal hell-rides between different dimensions and time periods. Two seemingly unconnected souls from different corners of the United States make a telepathic bond that allows them to see, hear and feel the other's experiences, creating a bond that apparently can't be broken. Where did they come from? What modern day messages do they have for humans? All of these questions are answered and more as artist John Curtis Crawford & writer/story-teller Bridget Wolfe of Faerie Woodland lead us on a journey of discovery to find the Gateways of Faerie. A mystical journey for all ages, this documentary film shows us the value of seeing with our imagination and gives us permission to believe what we see. Two self-aware characters in a "Call of Duty" style video game struggle with their screwy, frustrating existence. Apart from a few simple houses, a bar, a gas station with a mini supermarket and a garbage dump, there really is nothing in rural Fulton County, Georgia. Introverted Joel works at the garbage dump where he sometimes finds a useful glass bottle or two, which he cleans up and takes home. Then, one day, he receives an unexpected phone call: his ex-wife has disappeared and it is now his responsibility to look after their son. Joel, about to meet his son for the very first time, has no idea how he is going to build a relationship with 10-year-old Will who also seems to live in a world of his own. Luckily for them, Clara, a bright girl from the neighbourhood, is on hand to help, and Will begins to open up to his father. But the youth welfare officer is already banging on the door. Director Jaron Albertin's directorial debut is a sensitive, slightly melancholic drama about two outsiders who discover a deep understanding of each other. Norwegian folklore turns out to be real when Leo and Elvis encounter a girl called Thale in a basement. A regular cleaning job turns into a struggle for survival, while they're trying to figure out what or who Thale is.  Could Thale be a huldra?  A seductive forest spirit who appears from the front to be a beautiful young woman, but who also has a cow's tale and whose back appears to be like a hollowed out tree. The huldra has been known to offer rewards to those who satisfy them sexually, while death to those who fail to do so and are also prone to stealing human babies. Strange events in the open sea haunt two young lovers in this supernatural fantasy. When the couple finds rare gold, they unlock a dark adventure filled with zombie pirates out for vengeance. A young Dutch woman, Rosa, comes to Japan to learn the art of preparing fish from Master Hon, the best fish-chef in the world. Against her expectation Rosa has to work in the cleaning-kitchen, together with other unpaid novices.  Here begins her lonely journey through the alien and hierarchic world of the famous fish restaurant. After a while Rosa gets into financial problems and she has to take a job on the side. She becomes a hostess in a night club. Her isolation grows and she discovers that working in the club is like being in an 'aquarium' herself.  The tempting and delicious fishes from Master Hon, as well as his supreme mastership - he catches fish out of the water by hand - make her stay. But to reveal his secret, Rosa has to descend into her own underworld. When night and day meld and it all comes together, she learns to understand the fishes and to become like the master. This feature length high definition documentary follows one of the Nation's most controversial yet progressive leaders, 2012 Presidential candidate and Former two-term Salt Lake City Mayor Rocky Anderson. A young woman grieving the loss of her mother, a famous scream queen from the 1980s, finds herself pulled into the world of her mom's most famous movie. Reunited, the women must fight off the film's maniacal killer. When ten-year-old Lewis is suddenly orphaned, he is sent to live with his Uncle Jonathan in a creaky (and creepy) old mansion with a mysterious ticking noise that emanates from the walls. Upon discovering that his uncle is a warlock, Lewis begins learning magic, but when he rebelliously resurrects an evil warlock he must find the secret of the house and save the world from destruction. A Norman pirate ship berths at the quay of the small Galician town of Tui, with orders to sack the village. Bieito Dubidoso, barely 9 years old but armed with startling magic powers, manages to get them expelled. The news of the miracle spread like wildfire all over the region and, from then on, he will be widely known as "The Little Wizard". Together with his inseparable friend Destreza, he will embark on endless adventures and will face Bishop Juan, lord and master of the city, who will not forgive Bieito for showing him as a coward to his vassels. Will The Little Wizard keep himself safe in his adventures? A young tech worker takes a job at a powerful Internet corporation, quickly rises up the company's ranks, and soon finds herself in a perilous situation concerning privacy, surveillance and freedom. She comes to learn that her decisions and actions will determine the future of humanity. In Highgate London, five young teenagers hoping to witness Pagan activity, camp in historic Queen's Wood on Halloween but soon discover they are part of the ritual when a mysterious Biker hunts them down. Hushpuppy, an intrepid six-year-old girl, lives with her father, Wink in 'the Bathtub', a southern Delta community at the edge of the world. Wink's tough love prepares her for the unraveling of the universe--for a time when he's no longer there to protect her. When Wink contracts a mysterious illness, nature flies out of whack--temperatures rise, and the ice caps melt, unleashing an army of prehistoric creatures called aurochs. With the waters rising, the aurochs coming, and Wink's health fading, Hushpuppy goes in search of her lost mother. A young man brings scientists to his grandfather's house-turned-museum, purportedly showing evidence of an ancient civilization of reptilian humanoids on Earth. What starts as a search for scientific truth turns up other, unexpected truths. On a same night, five people from a small country town have the same nightmare. Upon the arrival of a pilgrim, the village is taken off its mediocre routine and the characters are thrown on the vortex of an uncommon situation. Each one's truth will come to light, releasing them of the wicked hypocrisies, fears and diseases, compelling them to take control of their fate and rewrite their life. When a small-town girl is diagnosed with a rare, deadly disease, an ambitious newspaper man turns her into a national heroine. After getting a taste for blood as children, Hansel and Gretel have become the ultimate vigilantes, hell-bent on retribution. Now, unbeknownst to them, Hansel and Gretel have become the hunted, and must face an evil far greater than witches... their past. Paratroopers Captain 'Rip' Murdock  and Sergeant Johnny Drake are mysteriously ordered to travel to Washington, DC. When Drake learns that he is to be awarded the Medal of Honor, he disappears before newspaper photographers can take his picture. Murdock follows the clues and tracks him down, where he learns Drake is dead. Further investigations reveal unexpected twists. Rip learns that Johnny had been accused of murder and sets out to find out whatever he can. He falls in love with Coral whose husband Johnny is supposed to have killed. When he can no longer take being invisible to the world and his dream girl, Bert finds a way out of his old life and into a new body. 'BERT the emotion picture' is a surreal tale about the nature of love and superficiality. A computer science student becomes obsessed with finding an algorithm for ensuring certainty in life after his father dies in the 9/11/2001 attacks. Two young friends discover a dream recording machine and start making money out of it. Meanwhile, a man discovers that the screenwriter of his life is dead, and therefore, nothing is going on in his life. An unlikely duo, Lieutenant Tom Royko of the Seattle Bomb Squad and renowned heart surgeon, Dr. Gillian Hayes, find themselves in a race against time to track down a disturbed bomber who is inexplicably causing Dr. Hayes' patients to explode. A dark figure appears in the night, bringing with him a virus that turns people into monsters. Hoping to gather stories to take back with him to the other side, he meets his opposite, a light figure prepared to do battle with the dark man in order to save the human race... The Forbidden Four is an anthology constructed from four shorts. The framing story concerns a struggling novelist named Tim who has only a day or so to get over his writer's block and finish his novel. His friend recommends an isolated cabin where Tim will be alone with nothing except a reading lamp and his laptop. And an alien demonic lobster, which promptly slices the top off Tim's skull, removes his brain, and plugs its feelers into his frontal lobe. The lobster then proceeds to inject four stories directly into the brain which somehow help the lobotomised Tim to finish his novel. Via filmmaker Charles Pinion's site: "Marilyn returns to the haunted lake of her childhood where violent forces - alive and dead - struggle for control." A spellbinding and romantic supernatural thriller. Ten years after an apocalyptic event left the world haunted by ghosts, Roni receives a threatening message from beyond the grave. Joining forces with a mysterious classmate, Kirk, Roni descends into a shadow world that blurs the bounds of the living and the dead-and begins a desperate race against time to stop a cunning killer. A seven year old girl takes her two year old brother on a voyage through a world of homemade mythologies by using star graphics found on the streets as navigational tools. Yellow Day chronicles a young man's life-changing and inspirational journey through the mysterious Yellow Day. To many, the Yellow Day is simply a fun day celebrating outreach at a kid's camp, but to some, God bestows visions and miracles, transforming their lives. For this young man, the Yellow Day becomes an imaginative adventure: showing him true heroes, challenging him to face his fears, find love, and inviting him to accept grace, so that he can be shaped into who he is meant to be. Crystal, the girlfriend of Roman, Jeremiah's American boss whom he kidnaps. As Jeremiah's plans fail, Roman sends Bill, a psychopathic hitman after them. Crystal and Jeremiah tread the dangerous path of a love on the run. But as they run farther and as they fall deeper, a dark secret burns even stronger. A homespun high school fairy tale comedy, What I Love About Concrete is a tour through the unbearable awkwardness, nascent cynicism, and disarming wonder that comprise the 11th grade experience, in a world where synchronized swimming breaks out in rundown motel pools, and dead swans are concealed in Mary Poppins-like bottomless book bags. When the wifi disappears, Anderson takes it upon himself to travel across a treacherous wasteland to find the last hotspot to post his last Woman Crush Wednesday on Instagram. In Nightscape: Dark Reign of Thanatos, the ultimate struggle between man and the Gods takes place. Upon creating the earth, the god Zelos grew weary and so forged in his image two sons to uphold his kingdom, Aevum and Thanatos. Years later, Thanatos (who poisoned himself against the will of his brother and turned to blackness and evil) threatens the very existence of our world. On the most important day of his young life, a high school senior is forced to relive his failed attempt at losing his virginity over and over again, until he gets it right. The Earth is threatened by the mysterious Space Ironmen brothers, and the Kamen Rider Club goes to the space to avoid them to be awakened. However, an agent of the  Alicia Federation, Inga Blink, tries to stop them. Kamen Rider Forze and Meteor fight for the destiny of the Earth and for the friendship of all beings. The Little Ghost lives in the castle over looking a small town and awakens for precisely one hour after the clock strikes midnight. Follow him on this adventure to see his first sunrise ever! The sordid lives of an addict, an ex-con, and a luchador collide when an organ harvesting caper goes very, very wrong. The Windmill is a quirky and endearing love story about 20 year old Hendri, who arrives on the doorstep of a retirement village to live with his grandfather. Shortly after arriving, Hendri is taken under the wing of an elderly neighbour who forces him to take regular baths at her house. One night, Hendri follows three figures into the forest and finds a peculiar sight - elderly folks diving into a dam, a windmill rising from its moonlit centre. A beautiful young girl appears from amongst the trees in the darkness and introduces herself as Margot. Hendri is immediately smitten with this mysterious girl, and Margot is equally taken with Hendri.As Hendri's and Margot's summer romance blossoms, it soon becomes clear that all is not what it seems in this unusual village. A man named Alucinio drifts on the Antarctic desert amid a winter storm. He has been betrayed -in dreams- by the woman he loves. When he is about to freeze to death is rescued by a poulterer who will introduce him to the secrets of pornophilosophy. Meanwhile, in Boston, the crazy artist Gropius Cantor and his little sect are getting tear the structure of reality. The space begins to twist on itself with unpredictable consequences for the future of the characters and all mankind. A story full of lechery, sarcasm, extravagance, impossible geometries, discovery of existence's hidden sides and a pinch of Magick. In a world of fake castles and anthropomorphic rodents, an epic battle begins when an unemployed father's sanity is challenged by a chance encounter with two underage girls on holiday. Pulcinella, a foolish servant, is sent to present-day Campania to grant the last wish of Tommaso, a simple shepherd. Patch Town, inspired by the award-winning short film of the same name.  After years in a loving home, Jon, a toy, was forgotten, deserted and ultimately betrayed by his adoptive mother. He returns to live a sad life as a worker on the line; a life of factory work and oppression in a place where hundreds of cabbage babies are born every day. The thankless task of shucking, picking, and processing these newborns to go out into the world and to their new mothers has taken its toll on Jon. With each new birth, Jon slips deeper into sadness, lamenting the days when life was good and he was loved. A story based on the Finnish national epic Kalevala. Four documentary filmmakers find themselves in Nowhere Else, population 2, in the Australian outback, where the one remaining resident rents them trailers and warns them not to wander around outside at night. After stealing a book on cryptozoology from their host, the filmmakers get an idea of what they're dealing with. But will they heed the warning or risk getting something extraordinary on film? A group of beach goers discover the mystery of a Loch Ness Monster in the ocean. Further investigation shows that this is only one of a whole planet full of them, and they aren't too happy with Earth. Jean is young, gay, and promiscuous. Only after he meets one or two women, including Laura does he come to realize his bisexuality. Jean has to overcome a personal crisis and a tough choice between Laura and his male lover Samy. After a fishing boat is attacked by a giant monster, the sole surviving crew member realizes the monster is a new Godzilla.  A reporter's efforts to bring the story to light are thwarterd. The night after another unsatisfactory New Year party, Tim's father tells his son that the men in his family have always had the ability to travel through time. Tim can't change history, but he can change what happens and has happened in his own life - so he decides to make his world a better place... by getting a girlfriend. Sadly, that turns out not to be as easy as he thinks. Following the mysterious death of his dad, Mathew, a Wall Street financial engineer, has to build a columbarium by the family cottage with his younger brother Simon. Perfidia, begins with a heartfelt version of the immortal title track, while the camera records the journey by a route through a snowy landscape and melancholy, the traveler is the enigmatic and silent Gus Chilean Gonzalo Valenzuela, in his first international role in cinema, who arrives in a city in upstate New York, to a hotel where he is staying for a day, while developing meticulous grooming and cleaning routines and expect a phone call that can change your life.  A young girl is transported into a magical world of gingerbread soldiers and an army of mice.  In Disney's magical take on the classic The Nutcracker, Clara wants a one-of-a-kind key that will unlock a box holding a priceless gift. A golden thread presented at her godfather's holiday party leads her to the coveted key--which promptly disappears into a strange and mysterious parallel world. There Clara encounters a soldier, a gang of mice and the regents of three magical Realms. But she must brave the ominous Fourth Realm, home to the tyrant Mother Ginger, to retrieve her key and return harmony to the unstable world. A fatal plane crash changes the lives of Roman and Jake forever. Roman loses his wife and daughter in the accident, while Jake loses his mind--as he happens to be the air traffic controller who failed to avert the nightmare. Rage and revenge engulfs Roman and Jake finds himself swamped with guilt and regret. Liza's a nurse, seeking love. Her only company is a long-dead Japanese pop star, who turns her into a fox-fairy out of jealousy. Now, every men who desires Liza shall die horribly. Can she overcome the curse?  An eccentric writer must choose between his work and the love of his life. Looking back, he reflects on whether he has made the right decision. Giselle is the quintessential Romantic ballet. Its title role, one of the most technically demanding and emotionally challenging in the classical repertory, is here danced by Alina Cojocaru, partnered by Johan Kobborg as Count Albrecht. This tale of the transcendental power of love over death is evocatively portrayed through Peter Wrights sensitive staging and John Macfarlanes designs, which beautifully contrast the human and supernatural worlds  mastered from a High Definition recording and true surround sound.  Conductor : Boris Gruzin  Orchestra :  The Orchestra of the Royal Opera House The city is a centre of population and culture. It is also a concentration of built infrastructure, capital and architecture. Megalomania is a short film that perceives the city in total construction; inspired by the incomplete states of world icons such as The Shard and Burj Khalifa. The built environment of the city is explored as a labyrinth of architecture that is either unfinished, incomplete or broken. Megalomania is a response to the state of many developing cities, exaggerating the appearance of progress into the sublime. Fourteen year old Nim, more determined than ever to protect her island and all the wildlife that call it home, faces off against resort developers and animal poachers. Soon she realizes she can't depend on her animal cohorts alone and must make her first human friend - Edmund, who's run away to the island from the mainland - to save her home. Kenneth Williams was the star of the Carry Ons and Round the Horne. Despite his fame, he led a life full of mental torture as he tried to overcome his homosexuality in 1950s Britain. This film follows his life and eventual death based on the many diaries he kept Arashi mixes Japanese rock, Noh Masks and the weird volcanic landscapes of Sado Island in a radical reworking of The Tempest. In this Tempest the storm has gone badly wrong and ruined the island, Caliban is now in charge and Miranda has gone crazy. Prospero is missing, presumed dead. When a singer arrives on the island, exiled to the brutal prison that Caliban overseas, he escapes into the interior where he encounters a crazed older exile, and starts to become intrigued by the ancient Demon songs of the island. The singer tries to recreate the songs of the Demons, which he learns have the power to bring Spring back to the island, or once again to bring the terrible Storm Tony Luke, Jr. stars as Joey Nardone, an out-of-shape boxer, who after 8 years in prison for an unfortunate accident leaves prison and gets a shot at redemption by fighting for one young boy's future - 14 year old Jesus. Warriors called "Saints" are the champions of hope who have always appeared since the Age of Myth whenever evil threatens the world. In this present day story, many years since the long fought "Holy War" we find Saori Kido, a girl troubled by her mysterious powers. She is saved by a boy, Seiya "Bronze Saint" from a sudden attack by an assassin, through the accident Saori realizes her destiny and mission and decides to go to "Sanctuary" with Seiya and his company of Bronze Saints. In Sanctuary they confront "Pope" and wage a desperate battle against the greatest Saints, the "Gold Saints". In the illustrious tradition of on-the-road, rambler cinema, Welcome to Nowhere (Bullet Hole Road) is a fresh, experimental take. Heavily reliant on motion graphics animation, director William Cusick charts the surreal encounters of five overlapping strangers in the American desert. The spirit calls to mind David Lynch, and more recently Calvin Lee Reeder and Cory McAbee, but it never feels derivative, it always brings fresh light...Cinema often loses power in clarity, in a strict adherence to narrative logic. The unwieldy and fractured nature of Welcome To Nowhere offers more than a story, here, all that really matters is the weariness of the ramble. It's hazy and sweaty and sketched. "You know how some pills you take are clear, but on the inside are all these little balls of shit that are really the pill?" That's where nowhere is. This used to be the stuff of cult classics. There's something strange happening inside Buffalo Central Terminal. A group of urban explorers find more than they bargained for. The fantasy of creating the perfect woman is as old as Pygmalion, but how close is it to becoming a reality? This provocative documentary reveals the state of the art in artificial companions - from life-sized silicone sex dolls to humanoid robots - and offers a surprisingly human, at times humorous, look at the men who build, animate, and love them. Filmed in the U.S.A., U.K., Japan, and Germany. Narrated by Julie Newmar A detective's bride and her bridesmaid are raped and killed on the eve of the wedding, and the bodies are left covered in red roses.  The detective is drugged and framed for the murders and he must clear his name and find the killers. In the 28th century, Valerian and Laureline are special operatives charged with keeping order throughout the human territories. On assignment from the Minister of Defense, the two undertake a mission to Alpha, an ever-expanding metropolis where species from across the universe have converged over centuries to share knowledge, intelligence, and cultures. At the center of Alpha is a mysterious dark force which threatens the peaceful existence of the City of a Thousand Planets, and Valerian and Laureline must race to identify the menace and safeguard not just Alpha, but the future of the universe. Jess Bhamra, the daughter of a strict Indian couple in London, is not permitted to play organized soccer, even though she is 18. When Jess is playing for fun one day, her impressive skills are seen by Jules Paxton, who then convinces Jess to play for her semi-pro team. Jess uses elaborate excuses to hide her matches from her family while also dealing with her romantic feelings for her coach, Joe. Since her childhood, Jessica has been haunted by recurrent nightmares whose meaning escapes her. This peculiarity has led her to study the psychophysiology of dreams and to follow a therapy with Sean, her mentor and boyfriend, to try and understand the origin of her nightmares. Following the death of her maternal grandmother she hardly knew, Jessica reluctantly returns to the family home. Jessica then begins to wander in a nightmarish world inhabited by twisted versions of her family members. She gradually improves her skills as a lucid dreamer and investigates to solve the mystery that gnaws her and haunts the family home... Four teenage friends go on a road trip through Argentina. On their way, they find a castle left abandoned in the middle of a forest. They decide to investigate further, only to discover it's gruesome secrets and former residents. A spoof of all the "found-footage/documentary style" films released in recent years. After the cataclysmic events in New York with The Avengers, Steve Rogers, aka Captain America is living quietly in Washington, D.C. and trying to adjust to the modern world. But when a S.H.I.E.L.D. colleague comes under attack, Steve becomes embroiled in a web of intrigue that threatens to put the world at risk. Joining forces with the Black Widow, Captain America struggles to expose the ever-widening conspiracy while fighting off professional assassins sent to silence him at every turn. When the full scope of the villainous plot is revealed, Captain America and the Black Widow enlist the help of a new ally, the Falcon. However, they soon find themselves up against an unexpected and formidable enemy--the Winter Soldier. A secret cabal, The Shadow, works to bring about the return of Goth Azul - the Undead God - in the rich world of SAGA, populated by elves, orcs, dwarves and dragons.  A ruthless elven bounty huntress (Nemyt) shoots down the dragon ridden by the fugitive orc shaman, Fangtor Bloodmoon. When Fangtor refuses to surrender quietly, the huntress must battle for her own life against the dangerous villain, and comes away with more than just his head. "[Hutton's] latest urban film, New York Portrait, Chapter III, takes on a unique tone in relation to Hutton's ongoing exploration of rural landscape. The very fact that Hutton is dealing with older footage, with archives of memory more than immediacy, gives it a different texture than his earlier New York films. Hutton always found the presence of nature in the city, not only in his many shots of sky and vegetation, but also in the geometry and texture of the city itself, which seemed to project an independence from the human." (Tom Gunning) Johanka and Matyas have an unusual home. The two live among the animals and plants of an enchanted botanical garden in the middle of the city, but this idyll is under threat. To the children's horror, the mayor wants to build a theme park on the same spot. The Blue Tiger, an animal with magic powers, comes to their aid. Only he can protect the garden, but Johanka and Matyas must now stop the mayor from capturing their newfound friend. MODRY TYGR is a colourful, atmospheric and imaginatively told animated fairytale that inspires the viewer to reflect on natural resources and habitats. Sarah and Isolde share an interest in the traditional music and dance of the Balkans, but it turns out that shared interests don't always unite them. Their trip, initially a fun bonding experience, takes a southward turn when Sarah becomes interested in handsome fellow camper Steph. A seemingly innocent romantic overture touches off an abrupt shift in the dynamic between the two girlfriends, steering a previously ecstatic camp outing down a psychological rabbit hole. A woman who lives in a lighthouse takes action against her childhood sweetheart who runs a beach hotel. Horror/Comedy that takes place in a movie theater as patrons watch the trailers of B Movie trailers. Dr. Mabuse, criminal mastermind - returns in this epic steam punk thriller, in which six interwoven tales document the downfall of Dr. Mabuse and his city "Etiopomar". Nani is a flower decorator, madly in love with his neighbor Bindhu. He gets killed by the baddie, Sudeep, a powerful businessman. Nani comes back as a housefly to get his revenge. Iconoclast is the story of a lone warrior who is resurrected by a dark goddess and sent into the wilderness to slay all of the old gods and take their power, so that she can craft him into a powerful weapon to wield against the crusading knights that sweep across the land.  One year after the unresolved murder of his wife, Shinji receives a mysterious message putting him on the right track to find the assassin. He follows his revenge instinct and disappears into the darkness of Tokyo, where he meets Tomoko, a young woman on the lam. During that night, they come across yakuza and lost souls, and their lives change drastically. In 1905, amidst the largest drug epidemic in American history, a teenage Alice has just moved to the Pacific Northwest. She follows a mysterious man down a rabbit hole, leading her into Wonderland; a dark and curious world inhabited by characters from turn-of-the-century America and the Pacific Northwest. Karen, Kristel and Josje of K3 are overjoyed that their three nieces come to spend the weekend at their apartments. The joy quickly turns sour because the three girls appear to be spoiled brats. This attracts the attention of chief Angel Manuel. In the Cloud Kingdom, where the angels live, Manuel is the director of the Department of rascals. The children who are little rascal, should stay honest for 24 hour and strictly follow the rules of the Angels Book. Because if they do not, is a very special punishment.  Manuel orders his assistant Ture to change the three nieces' character, but he instead takes K3, by mistake. Now they need to behave for 24 hours, a task which reveals itself very difficult. After returning back to family, Leyla tries to fix everytihng while starting a new life wit Iskender. Everything goes smoothly until troubles find Leyla... Director Q returns with this psychedelic take on Nobel Laureate Rabindranath Tagore's namesake play. A prince and his friend, trapped in a crumbling palace, invoke an Oracle who passes on a message of liberation. They flee the palace, and shipwrecked on a paradise island encounter a strange culture. The islanders are all soldiers who call themselves the cards, and live by a code of rules that outlaws any human behaviour. Thanks to the new arrivals, the land of cards sees dissent for the first time.  A second generation cameraman in Australia finds evidence that his father had filmed a nuclear test that allowed aboriginies to be exposed to and killed by radiation. He begins a search for a secret that if true, his government has already killed people to keep quiet. Third in the Nunsense series of musicals. A young American Veteran gets involved with a gang of Venice Beach psychos who are killing people to extract a psychedelic compound from their victim's adrenal glands. Warring tribes desperately seek the fragments of a sacred crystal key, but when one piece is stolen, Princess Lakshmi must fulfill an ancient prophesy by leaving her tribe, reuniting the crystal, and opening the portal to Neshima. When four generations of the Cooper clan come together for their annual Christmas Eve celebration, a series of unexpected visitors and unlikely events turn the night upside down, leading them all toward a surprising rediscovery of family bonds and the spirit of the holiday. An Elf is left behind by Santa to help rescue the Harper family from a lousy Christmas. The Elf and the family get more than they bargained for, as the kids help the Elf discover his special powers and true identity as a budding superhero. In a modern day fairy tale, Rowan ventures into mysterious darkness that contains dangerous creatures to save her family from the clutches of the evil Dr. Ravenen. An aspiring actor discovers that his spacious new apartment comes complete with eight friendly ghosts. A shopkeeper takes God to court when his shop is destroyed by an earthquake. In his search for the Lightbringer, Dracula crosses paths with a beautiful crusader named Alina who bears a remarkable resemblance to his murdered bride. One look at her and Dracula is immediately smitten. Could Alina be the reincarnation of his long-dead love? Dracula has Alina kidnapped and brought to his castle where the Beast must now try to win his Beauty's heart. A rock and roll horror fantasy where we meet the immortal Louise and her beloved Charlie. Unfortunately, due to Louise's supernatural origins, every man she sleeps with must die! Charlie was Louise's first love from the 1920's, who she accidentally killed before realizing what she is: a descendant of Lilith, the mother of all demons! This race of women must feed on the souls of men once every full moon, or else they will menstruate to death. Now a hundred years later, Charlie returns reincarnated, and Louise must struggle with staying away from the love of her life, or risk losing him a second time! PMS has never been this deadly! A group of Los Angeles teenagers meet every day at their local diner hangout to discus their latest misadventures with their miserable lives The theology of the Book of Revelation Told from the perspective of a former scientist turned wandering telepathic man-child, I Razor is the story of one man's quest to regain his lost humanity. "Having broken away from my illusory self, I was desperately seeking a path and a meaning to life." This phrase perfectly sums up Alejandro Jodorowsky's biographical project: reconstituting the incredible adventure of his life. Alejandro Jodorowsky was born in 1929 in Tocopilla, a coastal town on edge of the Chilean desert, where this film was shot. It was there where he discovered the fundamentals of reality, as he underwent an unhappy and alienated childhood as part of an uprooted family. Puppet Master X follows the characters of Danny as he attempts to rescue his girlfriend Beth with the help of Toulon's puppets. However their help is short lived as they end up getting stolen by Ozu (Terumi Shimazu). Danny and Beth must try to rescue the puppets while trying to defend themselves against a new batch of puppets. Meanwhile the occultist Commandant Moebius is attempting to use the serum that animates the puppets to create a master race and take over the world Sacrificial Youth is a Hardcore Punk musical that tells the story of TJ, a teenager caught at the crossroads. When a multi-national corporation hatches an evil plot of biblical proportions to destroy The Scene, TJ is forced to accept his fate as the chosen one to stand up and fight back. The film's story is similar to fantasy films like Yamaleela, Yamudiki Mogudu, Yamagola and Yamadonga. Bullet Raja (Ravi Teja) is a small time crook with a good heart. He bumps into Swetha (Taapsee Pannu) at a function and falls in love with her. But Swetha is already engaged to Harbour Babu (Sushant Singh), a powerful local goon. Harbour Babu hatches a plan to finish off Bullet Raja and he succeeds in his efforts.  Bullet Raja heads to Yamalokam where he realises that his life has unjustly been terminated by Chitragupta (M. S. Narayana) and so he picks up a fight with Yamadharma Raja (Prabhu). A helpless Yamadharma Raja decides to send him back to earth into the body of Home Minister Ravindra (Ravi Teja), who is killed by his associates Balram (Sayaji Shinde), Shantaram (Avinash) and Pavitrananda (Raghu Babu). After Bullet Raja enters into Ravinder's body, he confronts his enemies and fulfills the wishes of his mother Parvathamma (Jayasudha) and his followers. Immediately after the events of The Desolation of Smaug, Bilbo and the dwarves try to defend Erebor's mountain of treasure from others who claim it: the men of the ruined Laketown and the elves of Mirkwood. Meanwhile an army of Orcs led by Azog the Defiler is marching on Erebor, fueled by the rise of the dark lord Sauron. Dwarves, elves and men must unite, and the hope for Middle-Earth falls into Bilbo's hands. The Gamers: Hands of Fate follows Cass (Brian Lewis) as he sets out to win a collectible card game world championship... and a date with Natalie (Trin Miller), one of the game's top players.  Meanwhile in Countermay, a world far across time and space, Myriad (Samara Lerman) begins to suspect that fate has stacked the deck against her as she attempts to save her kingdom from a ravenous army of the undead.  Set at Gen Con Indy, a massive midwest games convention, this fantasy comedy from the makers of Dorkness Rising and JourneyQuest presents a new chapter in the epic, decade-spanning tale that began in The Gamers.  Under the insane leadership of two mysterious figures, an underground support group for sufferers of 'reverse deja-vu' starts to fall apart at the seams, pulling the group members down into a fractured world of strange visions and surreal flashbacks, as they try to make sense of the city around them. Where is Erika Spawn and does she have blood on her hands? The Devil's Music documents the strange story of the notorious shock-rocker whose rise to fame was marred by a series of violent incidents and terrifying rumours. Summoned by an unexpected phone call, an elderly woman visits the country cottage she lived in as a child. Memories of an orphan boy she knew 47 years ago come flooding back to her. Follow the adventures of Belle, a bright young woman who finds herself in the castle of a prince who's been turned into a mysterious beast. With the help of the castle's enchanted staff, Belle soon learns the most important lesson of all -- that true beauty comes from within.  Great Patriotic War, 1945. After barely surviving a battle with a mysterious, ghostly-white German Tiger tank, Red Army Sergeant Ivan Naydenov becomes obsessed with its destruction. A young mother is plagued by a tragic mistake and alienates her little boy. A brilliant writer is released from prison after serving a 15-year sentence and begins working at Vic's Diner. Their stories converge when the man must overcome obstacles of the past to save the little boy and ultimately himself. The year is 1939 - it was then that the Neuroi appeared. Nobody knows where they came from or what their ultimate agenda is, but the fact remains that their attacks drove people out of their towns and cities. In order to take arms against them, humanity develops a new anti-Neuroi weapon called the "Striker Unit." Using the power of magic to fight against the monsters, this new device enhances and amplifies the power of female magic-wielders. To use this device, young witches from all over the world have been brought together to form an elite task force unit called the 501st Joint Fighter Wing, commonly known as the "Strike Witches." A military expedition in Siberia gone wrong. The existence of humanity is in peril as Inanna, Sumerian goddess of lust and war has summoned a giant meteor to destroy the planet, after being accidentally set free from her ancient prison. The government has been overturned in a Communist take-over and the citizens of the world; brainwashed. In humanity's darkest hour, the ancient entity of Gilgamesh, older than the cosmos themselves, must decide whether or not to serve of mankind's final hope. Meanwhile, Inanna has hand selected the one man; married man and archaeologist, David Murphy, to live out the rest of eternity with her. Gilgamesh and Inanna are quickly targeted by the new government as potential weapons of mass destruction, and soon the apocalypse has begun. On February 7th, 2003, renowned artists across multiple music genres and generations commandeered the stage at New York City's Radio City Music Hall to pay tribute to their common heritage and passion - the blues. Shared with thousands of fans in attendance, legendary performers from roots, rock, jazz and rap joined forces for a once-in-a-lifetime "Salute To The Blues" benefit concert whose proceeds went to musical education. A drifter helps a rancher's granddaughter find her true calling. An ancient legend tells of Lamia a beautiful queen and adulteress.... Her lover was put to death and she was transformed into a snake, roaming the earth on her belly, she murders and enslaves the innocent until the gods turn her to into a stone statue... She now waits for her time to return...  A small boy discovers a mystical power as a child. He is then separated from his childhood girlfriend. He grows up to be a computer scientist who is hacking into the most secret national and international secrets, as well as being an acclaimed novel writer. His childhood 'finding' gives him amazing paranormal powers. He is reunited with the childhood girlfriend, mystically, on his hospital deathbed... as his relationship with his current drug addict girlfriend is deteriorating. The passions build between the threesome. Mystical, psychiatric and worldly forces rise to prevent him from revealing the hacked secrets. He attempts to reveal all in a Washington DC large press conference, with 'fateful' and dangerous consequences. A battle-weary ex-Special Forces Operative buys a ranch in remote American West to flee from the world, and encounters a strange series of trespassers, including a beautiful elf princess and a Native American mystic and Orcs. When the Orcs invade his property, John must give up his isolation to become a hero, before the Orcs unleash their dragon god on our world. A computer hacker's goal to discover the reason for human existence continually finds his work interrupted thanks to the Management; this time, they send a teenager and lusty love interest to distract him. 15 years after "Lost in la Mancha", Keith Fulton and Louis Pepe come back to follow Terry Gilliam's new (successful) attempt at filming "The Man Who Killed Don Quixote". On a lonely country road, James Mangan hears a voice from his past and comes to realise he is damned. Set in post-colonial India, Qissa tells the story of Umber Singh, a Sikh who is forced to flee his village due to ethnic cleansing at the time of partition in 1947. Umber decides to fight fate and builds a new home for his family. When Umber marries his youngest child Kanwar to Neeli, a girl of lower caste, the family is faced with the truth of their identities; as individual ambitions and destinies collide in a struggle with eternity. A team of professional ghost finders are trapped in an old village hall. The haunting they set out to investigate turns out to be far worse than they anticipated. Who will survive and what will be left of their souls? The young and timid surgeon Zhang Wenli has lost contact with his best friend Ji Yinchuan after his study. He hopes to see the charismatic Ji Yinchuan at a reunion organized by his girlfriend, however he doesn't show up. Through flashbacks, where dream and reality are one, the relationship the three young ones had with each other during their study is slowly unraveled. A woman named Kit moves back to her parent's house, where she receives a mysterious invitation that would fulfill her childhood dreams. The Tarzan story from Jane's point of view. Jane Parker visits her father in Africa where she joins him on an expedition. A couple of brief encounters with Tarzan establish a (sexual) bond between her and Tarzan. When the expedition is captured by savages, Tarzan comes to the rescue The movie opens with Lord Vishnu (Bramhanandam) trying to pacify Lakshmi Devi (Kovai Sarala), who is quite disappointed after listening to words of Narada that Lord Vishnu didn't gave any present to Lakshmi Devi on the eve of her Birthday (Akshaya Tritiya). Lord Vishnu shows a love story between 2 orphans Ravi Teja (Ravi Teja), a settlement broker in Hyderabad and Ileana (Ileana D'Cruz), a taxi driver living in Bangkok. Children's author Dorothy Gale makes a decent living continuing her grandfather's series of Oz books. When a new agent enters the scene, Dorothy moves to New York city. In the midst of a major business deal for her books, Dorothy discovers that her books are not based on her imagination, but on repressed memories. While Dorothy struggles with the revelation, she is forced to confront The Wicked Witch of the West, who has descended upon the Big Apple, determined to settle an old score.  A teenager is stuck in a time loop that is not quite the same each time. She must uncover the truth but her actions have consequences for herself and others. Two young couples backpacking through Ireland discover that one of Ireland's most famous legends is a terrifying reality. Though safely entombed in a crypt deep beneath the unforgiving desert, an ancient queen whose destiny was unjustly taken from her is awakened in our current day, bringing with her malevolence grown over millennia, and terrors that defy human comprehension. The adventure of a brave girl in the amazing animal land. A set of novels about children and their parents. As the Avengers and their allies have continued to protect the world from threats too large for any one hero to handle, a new danger has emerged from the cosmic shadows: Thanos. A despot of intergalactic infamy, his goal is to collect all six Infinity Stones, artifacts of unimaginable power, and use them to inflict his twisted will on all of reality. Everything the Avengers have fought for has led up to this moment - the fate of Earth and existence itself has never been more uncertain. A dense fog falls over Southern California, sending a group of discontent vacationers to a mysterious island occupied by a jolly old soul whose Christmas magic works all year round. Before this trip is over, each of the weary travelers learn to see their lives through a more optimistic lens. ~ Jason Buchanan, Rovi A rib-tickling comedy about a group of spirits who, in their various idiosyncrasies, try and save their only haunt, their resting place, when some unscrupulous builders try and break it down to build a modern monstrosity. A quest that begins as a personal vendetta for the fierce Cimmerian warrior soon turns into an epic battle against hulking rivals, horrific monsters, and impossible odds, as Conan (Jason Momoa) realizes he is the only hope of saving the great nations of Hyboria from an encroaching reign of supernatural evil.   Two couples inhabiting the same apartment exist in parallel dimensions unaware of each others presence. An increasing obsession with mysterious fetish objects ultimately results in a tear in the fabric of reality that threatens to turn their respective worlds inside out. A hallucinatory fever dream in which nothing is what it at first appears to be, Sanctum and Sacrum opens a portal between the ancient world of myth and symbol and the banal pastels of a Florida apartment. It is a matrix of transformation, in which the lives of two couples intersect via a web spun from trance-like rituals of desire and the ever present origin of myth. A courageous homicide detective falls into a treacherous web of depravity after plunging herself into the world of sexual fetish videos in pursuit of an elusive serial killer. A madman has been slicing up bridesmaids all over the city, and Detective Greer English (Laura Romeo) is determined to see that justice is served. As the wave of terror continues, Detective English focuses her investigation on Billy Tagg (Michael McGovern) - a fetish photographer who specializes in the extreme. But Billy isn't who he appears to be, and by the time Detective English discovers he's been taken over by an ancient entity known as "The Tickle Monster," she may already be laughing her way to an early grave. Thor is imprisoned on the other side of the universe and finds himself in a race against time to get back to Asgard to stop Ragnarok, the destruction of his home-world and the end of Asgardian civilization, at the hands of an all-powerful new threat, the ruthless Hela. The life of a spanish couple gets complicated when the Civil War begins and a strange green light appears in the woods, opening the door to the world of the Bream Lords. Eccentric Frank Carlyle ran a horror shop in small-town Steeple Falls, which takes pride in and profit from its Halloween traditions. Frank's widower grandson Richard grudgingly returns there from Boston with his own kids, bright Ian and bratty Claire, to settle the inheritance. Ian discovers great-grandpa's house is really haunted, and not just, as legend holds, by historic owner Zachariah Kull, who was burned on the stake. From the album Crowd Control (1981) A single mother is swept into a dark underworld, while her teenage son discovers a road that leads him to a secret underwater town. An overstressed American businessman and a French chambermaid make a connection at an airport hotel in Paris. According to demon lore, it takes hundreds of years to attain human form. Even then, lacking a human heart, a demon cannot experience the true pains and passions of existence. However, there is a legend that if a pure human heart is freely offered to a demon, it can become a mortal and experience true life.  Sequel of Painted Skin (2008). A troubled girl is tormented by bullies and enters an altered state. Kit, a troubled girl, is sent to the exclusive Blackwood boarding school, where she discovers that only four other female students have been admitted to learn the four pillars of knowledge under the ominous wing of the mysterious headmistress Madame Duret. On the night of November 13th, 1974, Ronald DeFeo Jr. took a high powered rifle and murdered his entire family as they slept. At his trial, DeFeo claimed that 'voices' in the house commanded him to kill. This is their story. Two teenage assassins accept what they think will be a quick-and-easy job, until an unexpected target throws them off their plan. All Excess is Avenged Sevenfold's first DVD which was released on July 17, 2007. The DVD includes a documentary with footage dating back to 1999, four live performances, along with four music videos, and several out-takes.  The DVD was created to portray how Avenged Sevenfold started in a unique way different from typical mainstream band DVDs. This was done by giving the viewer a look into the thoughts of, the relationships between, and the background of the band. Manal is the lovely young daughter of a grocer in an isolated, run-down Cairo neighborhood town bordering a garbage dump.  Both Zaki and Mounir want to marry her.  Instead of letting Manal choose, the boys challenge each other to a soccer match in which the winner will gain her hand in marriage.  Best Friends Forever (BFF) is the 16th year anniversary presentation of Star Cinema starring the Megastar Sharon Cuneta and the Comedy Queen Ai Ai delas Alas. Sharon and Ai Ai will be playing as best friends in this comedy film helmed by box-office director Wenn Deramas of Tanging Ina and Ang Tanging Ina N'yong Lahat. Graced with a velvet voice, 21-year-old Violet Sanford heads to New York to pursue her dream of becoming a songwriter only to find her aspirations sidelined by the accolades and notoriety she receives at her "day" job as a barmaid at Coyote Ugly. The "Coyotes" as they are affectionately called tantalize customers and the media alike with their outrageous antics, making Coyote Ugly the watering hole for guys on the prowl. Two young people are confused by their feelings for each other. Jack is a solitary man with a mysterious past. His strange habits will soon become stranger when his past catches up with him. A human child raised by wolves, must face off against a menacing tiger named Shere Khan, as well as his own origins. A college music student turns to prostitution to make a little cash and look for inspiration, as she has blocked on a major musical composition that she must create in order to graduate. When passengers on a train are attacked by a creature, they must band together in order to survive until morning. A visiting city reporter's assignment suddenly revolves around the murder trial of a local millionaire, whom he befriends. Millennial entrepreneurs, Drew and Max, run a webcast that streams live exorcisms that are, in fact, elaborately staged hoaxes. But they get their comeuppance when today's actress becomes mysteriously possessed by a real demon that holds the crew hostage. To make matters worse-- the possessed victim is Drew's fiancee, Lane. In front of a rapidly-growing global audience, the demon subjects Max to a series of violent and humiliating challenges meant to punish him for his online charade. Meanwhile, in an effort to save the love of his life, Drew discovers that the demon's sinister motive is not only about revenge, but also to expose the dark secrets he, Max, and Lane have been hiding from one another. With only the show clock remaining, it's a matter of time before either the truth is revealed or the demon forces them to meet their maker. When a tour guide breaks into America's Most Haunted House, a bit of amateur ghost hunting with friends turns into more horror than they could have ever imagined. A thirty-six year old radio show host embarks on a cross-continent search to find herself, in the process discovering that her sex is "stuck" and waging a valiant effort to release it while simultaneously accomplishing her many unmet goals in life. Carolina (Beatriz Rico is in her mid-thirties, and her life is falling apart fast: not only has annoying blonde Lula (Imma del Moral) been recruited to take over the show that Carolina created, but the besieged hostess is beginning to feel that time is running out for her to chase down the dreams of her forgotten youth. In search of guidance, Carolina turns to openly gay carpentry shop owner Compass Rose (Jorge Luis Gonazales). Compass is Carolina's best friend, and while his advice often veers towards the hysterical side, the two quickly hatch a plan to travel to India in search of a guru. About a man who's angry at his wife because she's met another man on a park bench and they no longer even speak the same language. A wolf strives through the woods around an isolated German village. Jakob the young local police officer is onto him, but scents something more in the darkness. What he finds is a man, it seems, wild eyed, of wiry build, in a dress. He carries a katana, a Samurai sword. When the Samurai invites Jakob to follow him on his crusade towards the village, it becomes Jakob's mission to pursue the lunatic to end this wanton destruction. At the end of the night Jakob has experienced too much, is too far from whom he once was. Something hidden has been unleashed to meet the first rays of daylight. A young boy named Roscoe finds a portal to another world where he is taught magic by an elder demon known as Dimwos. Dimwos raises the boy into manhood, revealing to him many secrets. Uu... Kodathara? Ulikki Padathara?, commonly referred to as UKUP, is a 2012 Indian Telugu socio-fantasy film written and directed by Sekhar Raja, produced by Lakshmi Manchu and starring Manoj Manchu Starring: Olzhas Nusuppaev, Eduard Tabyschev, Olga Landina, Bakhytbek Baymukhanbetov, Kanagat Nurtay, Viktor Soukhorukov Just days from signing divorce papers, Hank and Alexandra give their relationship one final shot by playing a game with only one rule: no matter what they ask each other to do, they can't say no. A common thief joins a mythical god on a quest through Egypt. In this heist film turned horror fest, director Alex de la Iglesia's love of mayhem is on full display as a gang of gold thieves lands in a coven of witches who are preparing for an ancient ritual -- and in need of a sacrifice. Mad doctor uses patients at his isolated psychiatric institute as subjects in his attempts to create longevity by surgically installing an artificial gland in their skulls, with disastrous results. Shedding new light on a geopolitical hot spot, the film -- written and produced by John Maggio and narrated by Korean-American actor John Cho -- confronts the myth of the "Forgotten War," documenting the post-1953 conflict and global consequences. The Otherworld is an original story and mystical tale inspired by Celtic mythology and Irish legends. One of the most fascinating characters in Celtic mythology, the Warrior Lugh, crosses Woodland heading to Tara to join the court of King Nuada and the Tuatha De Danann. Nuada and his kingdom are at this time oppressed by the Fomorian tribe, and trying to retaliate for their land and freedom. During Lugh's travel, he is bewitched by a faerie (Immrama) to a Beltane celebration, when the line between the human and fairy world are vulnerable and Lugh crosses unaware to The Otherworld - the fairy realm. Lugh and Immrama fall in love. However, they live in different times and worlds... A vampire, Brado, becomes responsible for taking care of a girl, Setsuna, in exchange for his life saved by the evil that created her. The evil tells him that if she doesn't have sex for a hundred days, she'll become a full-fledged vampire, and Brado will be able to gain complete control of her. However, if he breaks the promise, both of them will die, so he reluctantly takes on the care of her. While he sleeps, Setsuna begins going to nearby town and gradually learns how precious human lives are through her observations. When she meets a young priest in a church, her affection to humans becomes stronger-- and trouble begins to brew when Brado realizes that she is falling for the priest. Zoey, a woman trying to find her role in this world, saves troubled men in search of her own completion. She meets Quinn, a guy who believes he is the world's savior. He must fight a 'friend' to the death to stop the oncoming Apocalypse. This is the story of Zoey taking her newfound charity case under her wing as she is compelled to help the damaged Quinn come to reality, while fighting her own past demons as they are revealed. Document of an amateur country-western talent search in Iowa City. When childhood friends Al, Dennis and Eliot get together for Ray's wedding, which may or may not happen, they end up on a roller-coaster ride through reality. During one tumultuous, crazy weekend, they face adulthood and each other with new found maturity and discover what Queens Logic is all about. This comedy takes a look at friendship, loyalty, and love. After repeatedly flaunting her peerless body to her servants, snobbish aristocrat Cecila (Muriel Montrosse) becomes the victim of rape. But the experience triggers a carnal awakening, full of socialite sex parties and woodland orgies. And before long, Cecilia finds her amorous adventures spinning out of control, particularly when her husband decides to join in on the free-love lifestyle in this racy entry from erotic auteur Jess Franco. Yamudiki Mogudu: Ee Nela Thakkuvodu is a 2012 released Telugu socio-fantasy and comedy film directed by E. Satti Babu. After nearly getting caught by the dreaded "Bat Guards" for placing political posters, Hawar meets the lovely Hiro, a young girl who offers him shelter and helps him hide from the brutal secret police. In Hiro, Hawar finds a kindred spirit that like himself yearns for freedom and self-expression under a suppressive regime. Hiro's brother Shooresh supports Hawaar's underground activities and is sympathetic to Hawaar's feelings for his sister. But Hiro's cousin Houmayoun is also courting Hiro. He has long set his eye on the girl, and his dubious loyalties and secret dealings with the government put the three others, and all they aspire to, at risk. They set out to flee to neighboring Turkey, but the journey puts them in even more danger than they were in before. In the town of Harbor Bridge, it is said that when someone dies, his last breath stays in his throat. When the head is severed, that last breath can be taken by another, and the recipient becomes stronger. Narcissa Sentinel has been robbing graves to cure her illness with these last breaths but soon realizes that perhaps fresher specimens are in order. Stuck in the corridors of time, Godefroy de Montmirail and his faithful servant Jacquouille are projected to a time of profound political and social upheavals: the French Revolution... specifically, The Terror, time of great dangers, during which the descendants of Godefroy and Jacquouille had their castle and all their property confiscated by arrogant aristocrats, fleeing and lifes hanging by a thread. An orphan who practices hypnosis faces off against a bank robber who wants her book on the art form. Audrey, a determined young American woman, arrives in the Philippines with a mysterious mission, little money, and no chance of success. But when she enlists the help of two friendly locals, Hazel and Rey, and an extremely unfriendly American expatriate, Nick, suddenly the possibility of success comes into view. All they have to do is cross 300 miles of roads, jungles, and ocean, ward off the attacks of a vicious local motorcycle gang, and keep themselves from killing each other. It's going to be a bumpy ride. In this Supernatural Slasher flick, TV reporter Noelle Martin and her assistant Maya need to come up with a Halloween story fast! Along with another gal, they venture into the haunted area where several women accused of practicing witchcraft in the 1600's were buried. When a woman tries to outwit her husband's sexy young mistress, the unexpected consequences include starring as King Lear in a very amateur production - with the mistress, an aspiring actress, playing The Fool. Following Madoka's rewriting of the universe, sacrificing herself and her happy normal days to save all magical girls from the cruel fate that awaited them by wiping witches out of existence, the despair still manifest into creatures known as nightmares. Magical girl Homura Akemi continues to fight alone in the hope that she will be able to see Madoka smile again. With the villagers of Saint-Elie-de-Caxton barely having enough food to survive, Esimesac convinces them to collaborate on a community garden. Each person will multiply his or her yield by cultivating the land together. At the same time, talk of a new railway line promises to connect Saint-Elie-de-Caxton to the rest of the world and brings the hope of abundance. Riopel, the hulking blacksmith, starts working on the railway track and convinces the locals to invest in his project rather than waste their time playing in the garden. Esimesac's big project flounders under the weight of metal. But can he really stop progress? It is a world without language. A world where one is raised to respect the rules. Only one Boy questions the verity of what he has been taught, and he must decide whether to continue living in a society of fear or choose his own destiny. A marriage in crisis can survive! Set in Arizona against the national debate over immigration, infidelity and the Internet, "Love a la Carte" pokes fun at subjects that usually make people upset. Here is a comedic fantasy about one couple's struggling marriage and why despite all the reasons their relationship might break apart, their union is stronger together, for better or worse. Nine people are stuck in an elevator. One of them has a ticking bomb that can't be defused. The other eight will do anything to survive. There is no escape and no promise of rescue. As the tension in the elevator mounts the unthinkable soon becomes the only reasonable solution. Four episodes where the end of the world comes as the different ways of understanding cinema directors: with humor, or action, from the thriller, drama or romance. So, join a psychopathic murderer faced with the need to complete their master plan, a fierce battle for gaining access to alleged bunkers offering salvation hopeless romantics an invasion of desperate hunt for the love of his life and a pregnant about to give birth to the last baby on the planet. Er Dan (Wallace Huo) accidentally traveled to the past to Tang Dynasty. In Tang Dynasty he met Shi Ke Jin (Dylan Luo) whom his elder brother Shi Ke Yan wanted to kill him. Without a doubt he tried to save Shi Ke Jin and brought him back to the future. Because Shi Ke Jin knows so much about the future, he decided to go back to kill his brother and conquer the world.  When ErDan discovered his intention, he intended to go back to Tang Dynasty to stop his plan..... Three college students spend the night at a supposedly haunted house. A small group of survivors are left behind after millions of people suddenly vanish during the rapture and the world is plunged into chaos and destruction. Garo: Soukoku no Maryu (lit. Blue Cries of the Demon Dragon) is the second film to the Garo series. The film serves as an epilogue after Makai Senki and leads up to The One Who Shines in the Darkness.  The story continues after the events of Makai Senki. Having made a contract with Gajari, Kouga Saejima honors his end of the deal by traveling to the Promised Land to retrieve a part of Gajari: the Fang of Sorrow. After Kouga defeated Sigma, Gajari transported him to the Promised Land, however, his quest had unexpected results. Lawrence Salva's script centers on a detective (Facinelli), on the trail of a murderer, who is led to believe that a local teenager, harboring some sort of strange supernatural power, may be involved. Slater plays the man's disbelieving boss, while Hauer plays a man-of-the-cloth who aids the cop on his mission. A romantic reimagining of William Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream set against the turbulent backdrops of the 1962 Argentinian military coup and the 1982 war for the Falkland Islands. The Arab Spring, Yemen 2011. The revolution continues. It's the monsoon season and life goes on smoothly for the inhabitants of Socotra Island. Not far from land, a sailing boat bearing an Israeli flag sinks and the search for survivors begins. A castaway is washed ashore a secluded beach. On the other side of the island, a native dreams of the castaway seeking his help.This adventure begins through the castaway's body, a man who in the sinking of his life sees for the first time a chance to know gratefulness, to be reborn. Will he overthrow destiny? Will he get back alive? Joseph and Maria are married for six months and Maria still has never had an orgasm with her husband. They begin to visit mysterious doctor Baltazar who teaches them how to reach ecstasy in sex. Geraldine is a fairy who lost their wings by using unconventional methods in their missions. His last chance to retrieve them will be the mission "Julia". Zinga, a gypsy woman, is sentenced to death by guillotine for her crimes, claiming to be innocent. She's given a choice, to lose her head by the blade or to be given over to the wealthy, incarcerated Marquis de la Croix. Zynga chooses the Marquis. Now the Marquis has the girl's life in his hands and can do with her whatever he pleases. But what pleases him will make Zinga wish she had chosen the quick death of the guillotine. A boy writes a comic book with his best friend, and finds situations depicted in the comic book coming to life. Along with the appearance of a mysterious girl, the boy is forced to face the reality of what he has written, and begins a battle to attempt to rewrite death.  The journey of a woman scientist who, at the end of times, discovers that true Faith can bring Miracles. A mysterious talking cat uses its powers of communication to enrich the lives of two different families, and bring them together. A father and daughter journey from Denmark to an unknown desert that exists in a realm beyond the confines of civilization. Ben Smith discovers a dead body in the wilderness, and things get strange when the identity of that body is an older version of himself. Now, Ben must make certain difficult choices knowing what the end result may be. The epic myth of the Minotaur brought to life through computer animation. Sailor Marat carries a great burden. His whole village condemns him since his wife and many fishermen were washed off his boat in a mysterious sea storm. Ever since then the sea has vanished. One day, Marat returns to his village, obsessed by the idea of making the sea return and so the dead. He begins rebuilding his shipwreck in the middle of the desert, dragging it towards the endless horizon. Only his last close friend Balthasar, and Tamara, the sister of Marat's deceased wife, believe in him. Tamara, deeply in love with Marat, who repulses her, knows from a fortune teller that maybe not her dream but his might come true. One morning Marat wakes up by the sound of water - the sea has returned, ready to take what belongs to her... When tragedy rocks Blackfoot High, rebellious outsider Maddy Killian shocks the student body by joining the cheerleading squad. This decision drives a rift between Maddy and her ex-girlfriend Leena Miller -- a loner who claims to practice the dark arts. After a confrontation with the football team, Maddy and her new cheerleader friends are sent on a supernatural roller coaster ride which leaves a path of destruction none of them may be able to escape. Remake of their own 2001 feature film. Rey develops her newly discovered abilities with the guidance of Luke Skywalker, who is unsettled by the strength of her powers. Meanwhile, the Resistance prepares to do battle with the First Order. A talented, but unbalanced girl named Foxfur is thrown into a philosophical adventure beyond time and space. Her first goal is to get her friend Khris to drive her to a book store where she's hoping to find some answers, and there she also meets two UFO theorists. She then hears about this thing called The Dead Zone, and she fears that the world she knows might very well be that zone. EDSA XXX takes us on a wild ride through the ups and downs, twists and turns in the life of one man's downfall and the rise to fame of another. The present leader KULOG NEGRO has led the country to progress; his rallying call is championing poverty for the benefit of tourists and film festivals. But the well-meaning leader is a mere puppet in the political arena and someone has just decided that he has to go. A fantasy film about a near future in which the manipulation through TV and mass media modifies our real lives for the benefits of obscure interests. Sarah &amp; Josh are married suburbanites. After a car accident, Sarah suffers blackouts &amp; ends up pregnant though Josh is sterile. As her life spirals she hides a camera in her home &amp; unlocks a horrific secret with far-reaching consequences. A giant beanstalk brings Jack to a land in the clouds filled with snarling, evil beasts. When the creatures make their way to the ground, Jack must figure out how to get back down before they destroy earth and everyone in it. A man's attempts to construct the ultimate romantic weekend backfire when his quest for perfection traps his lover in an infinite loop. In the aftermath of a family tragedy, an aspiring author is torn between love for her childhood friend and the temptation of a mysterious outsider. Trying to escape the ghosts of her past, she is swept away to a house that breathes, bleeds... and remembers. Romy and Peewee are teenage orphans in the Philippines with an unusual job; they loot the cemeteries and steal precious belongings left for the dead. The townspeople are fed up with their disrespect for the dead that a hefty reward awaits for their capture. Desperate to flee the town, the sail to a desolated island only to encounter a greater foe - THE UNDEAD, victims of contagious alien virus that were unleashed from an ancient meteorite discovered by the obsessed American Scientist named William Seabrook. Trapped on an island and left with nothing to defend themselves, the grave bandits must use their wits to battle the swarm of flesh eating ghouls! Moments after parachuting from Flight 777, a former Marine and a flight attendant find themselves descending into a world of madness. Panic and chaos plague the streets, cities are on fire, and they're being hunted by a team of mercenaries. Malta, the late 1300s. Five soldiers are returning home from battle. Hungry and exhausted, they stumble upon a fort. What was meant to be a one-night stopover rapidly escalades into a whirlwind of intrigue and an epic sword fight for retribution. Will a beautiful woman change their destiny? Or are they doomed to die in their ever quest to protect their land against invaders? A young writer believes she has discovered the holy grail of terror, the knives used by Jack the Ripper for his notorious murders. In the sequel to Tim Burton's "Alice in Wonderland", Alice Kingsleigh returns to Underland and faces a new adventure in saving the Mad Hatter. Two strangers find their lives colliding in an impossible way. Alex is a methodical cargo thief working for a dangerous cartel. Sam is a determined paramedic trying to save the world while running from her past. A funeral-speech writer gets a new lease on life when he meets a widow who commissions him to write a piece for her 8-year-old son.  After five years of Boondockers snowmobile videos you might say they are lucky to be alive, and They are not talking about the crashes and wrecks. Boondocking has come to mean more than just mind-numbing powder days, adrenaline-pumping drops, and technical climbsits a lifestyle where dedication and hard work provide the ultimate payout. Just like you weve spent our winters tracking every minute of every day. Riding till your heart screams, digging till your lungs burn, and pushing the limits of endurance, we guess you could say they have been living in dog years. This is the best Boondockers to date: an anniversary tribute to an endless winter of deep powder, unexplored terrain, and the unforgettable footage that tells the story. Lucky to be alive? Revenge is served on a spear when dirty cops brutally murder DEVIN, an innocent African-American med student. Devin's soul is magically transferred into the body of an action figure named OOGA BOOGA. Armed only with his tribal weapon and the help of his old girlfriend, DONNA, Ooga Booga takes to the streets and trailer parks to find the men who stole his bright future away from him. The bodies begin to pile up as Ooga Booga slices and dices his way through crooked cops, meth heads and demented city officials in order to clear his name. Racists beware! You won't even have enough time to scream, "Ooga Booga!" Zach is devastated by the unexpected death of his girlfriend, Beth. When she mysteriously returns, he gets a second chance at love. Soon his whole world turns upside down... David (Javier Godino) is awakened by the startling news of the imminent end of the world, and decides to spend his last hours with his friend Jaime (Axier Etxeandia), but he finds Silvia (Ingrid Rubio), a prostitute newcomer to Madrid to rebuild her live. Iaga secretly exposes the marriage between Desdemona and Othella, but when the marriage is accepted by Venetian nobility, Iaga plots to drive a wedge between Othella and Desdemona using handsome Cassio as her pawn. Following the tragic death of her parents Fawn Harriman discovers she has inherited a theatre in the town of Amityville. She, along with 3 friends, decides to spend the weekend there looking the place over. Meanwhile one of her High School teachers begins an investigation into the village's past and makes a connection with something that goes back beyond recorded history. The story about a boxer and a police in the forest following the traces of evil forces. Twenty girls grow up in an orphanage called "O Viveiro" ("the nursery", in Portuguese), building their lives one millimeter per day, in the miserable and unhealthy town of Chitima, in Mozambique. Disneynature Predator and Prey showcases the unending battle for survival that exists in nature. Students will journey on land and under sea for a riveting look at many species - from caribou and cheetahs to sea lions and sharks - as they both stalk their prey and also avoid being stalked themselves. From the amazing variety of adaptations that both predators and prey are equipped with to avoid capture, to the natural order of a food chain, this Classroom Edition DVD highlights the important role predation plays in keeping an animal's world in balance. A lonely otaku is fired from his job. He is rescued in a ruined building by a strange girl in a sailor suit. When he wakes up, the girl becomes a figure. The young man and the pretty figure begin to live together.  Two stories about the greatest seducer of all time, Giacomo Casanova. The film introduces us to a father and his son; the older man is obese, unwell, and oppressive in his dealings with the younger, who is also deaf and mute. A series of cryptic, spellbinding episodes reveals a tyrannical paternalism at work that has long since hardened into a closed circuit of mutual pain. Enter a mysterious and beautiful woman of unspecified identity, who becomes an agent of change, embodying both an evolved consciousness and the power of the female as a rebuke to bankrupt patriarchy. Story of a depressed, small-town ventriloquist named Henry (Bachar) who finally comes out of his shell when his puppet 'Moxxy' (voiced by Les Claypool of Primus fame) begins speaking up for him. All is seemingly well until the cruel and charismatic puppet becomes uncontrollable, resulting in a bizarre battle of wills and even murder. Charlie, a wandering tramp, becomes a circus handyman and falls in love with the circus owner's daughter. Unaware of Charlie's affection, the girl falls in love with a handsome young performer. Charlie's versatility makes him star of the show when he substitutes for an ailing tightwire walker. He is discharged from the company when he protects the girl from her father's abuse, but he returns and appeals to the handsome performer to marry the girl. After the wedding the father prevails upon them to rejoin the circus. Charlie is hired again, but he stays behind when the caravan moves on. A bullied student sees visions of a rabbit he was forced to kill as a child, and those visions propel him into a state where his imagination causes him to carry out violent acts. Raouf is an interior designer and an owner of a home furniture gallery. He is a very suspicious person when it comes to dealing with all people around him.  It is only when he goes into a coma, he started to realise his mistakes and discover what all his friends and family think of him. Is it too late ? The story of Dulce, a mother who has encounters with apparitions inside her old house. She must decipher a mystery that could trigger a prophecy: the death of her family. For centuries, the Lost Girls have lived in the shadows keeping the world safe from vampires and other creatures of the night. Since 1466, these women have been written about in history as men because no one would believe how skilled they were at violence. Unknown to most of their prey, the Lost Girls are far from human. They are mysteriously immortal -- but not invincible. When their leader, Gracie, begins dying, that balance is thrown into jeopardy and the Lost Girls must stop an erupting vampire revolution, race to find a cure and conquer their own personal demons before it is too late. Four men are gathered in a theatre where they enact a twisted version of Peter Pan, singing songs to tell their stories, their wishes and their fears. They are aided by a talented but mysterious cast. It becomes apparent that the men are engaged in a dangerous game with their own mortality. When one of the men falls in love with the leading lady, the rules of the game are threatened, but the men's overarching desire to transcend their worlds and feel complete - once expressed - can never be controlled. Three of the men must experience what it is like to die, and for the other, the opposite. Evangeline (Kat de Lieva) has left her sheltered upbringing to reinvent herself in college. As she begins to break out of her shell, she attracts the attention of a sociopathic fraternity leader (Richard Harmon) and his two cohorts.  "Beaten and left for dead, Evangeline finds herself trapped in a supernatural nightmare, where she is caught between salvation and vengeance. But to save herself, Evangeline discovers she must make the most horrifying choice of all... American Senator delivers a speech to the Russian Parliament warning that corruption would turn them into rats. His prediction becomes reality. A small town teenager in the 1960s believes her dreams of becoming a famous singer will come true when her rock star idol gets stranded in town. But a leak in a nearby chemical plant that is believed to be causing mass mutations threatens to turn her dream into a nightmare. Amianto lives isolated in her own fantasy world, inhabited by her delusions and unbridled hope, where her ingenuity and her melancholy coexist hand in hand. After feeling abandoned by her love (The Boy), Amianto finds shelter in the presence of her dead friend, Blanche, that will protect her against her pain - at least as far as she can. Her inner universe collides with the reality of a world that does not accept her, a world to which she doesn't belong and that invariably she comes back with her playful delusions, mixing reality and fantasy. With the help of her Fairy Godmother, Amianto gathers strength to continue living in the hope of being happy someday. A private investigator must unravel the murder of her uncle while keeping the secret that she is a descendant from a line of werewolves. Love Thing captures the emerging multicultural spirit and personal freedom of the late 1970s with an outrageous attitude and experimental style. A work in progress now finally completed it's the last American musical comedy from that era which can be viewed today as a prophetic satire. Through its provocative, entertaining storyline highlighted by song and dance, the movie answers the burning question of our time, "What happens after the marriage? A woman struggles to escape the clutches of her overbearing, co-dependent mother, while gradually falling for a sexy, sophisticated attorney. The mid-70's: A timid young New Yorker leads an uneventful life until he is fatefully exposed to the pulsating rhythms of a brand-new genre of music....disco. Unable to control his murderous impulses that stem from a traumatic childhood experience, Duane Lewis transforms into a dangerous serial killer exiled to Montreal. Set in 18th Century Italy, RAPPACCINI'S DAUGHTER is the tale of a young scholar named Giovanni (Kristoffer Tabori) who falls in love with a beautiful, yet forbidden, girl who tends her father's poison garden. However, the strange and unearthly beauty of Beatrice (Kathleen Beller) masks a terrifying curse which Giovanni must tragically discover. Her father, the mysterious Dr. Rappaccini, has made her the subject of a diabolical experiment. In Giovanni's attempt to free Beatrice from the control of her father and to escape the poisonous effect she begins to have on him, he unwittingly destroys her. From the short story of master American novelist Nathaniel Hawthorne, two quintessential Hawthorne themes are explored: the sins of interfering with another's soul and the futility of trying to tamper with nature. The government has quarantined a small town where either a disease similar to rabies has appeared in the local human population or where (what seems impossible) the dead are beginning to come back to life and attack the living. Having missed most of the evacuation while barricaded inside of an old house, Ben, his younger sister Erin, and their friends remain trapped within the quarantine zone. Hell-bent on getting his sister to safety at all costs, Ben must lead the group across a ravaged city filled with flesh craving zombies in search of a working radio to contact the military and ensure them a ride on the last evacuation helicopter out of the quarantine zone. But with pre-existing personal tensions in the group and an entire city of zombies driven by hunger to find and kill anyone they come across, the odds are stacked against them. Set in an alternate universe, in a college called FAERYVILLE, a group of teenage misfits struggle to find themselves and make sense of their 'purpose'. They decide that there is no reason in trying to fit-in, trying like 'everybody' to be 'somebody', choosing instead to mock the establishment, as pranksters - calling themselves The Nobodies. Now, what's their plan? Frankly, they have no idea, until Laer, a transfer student, joins them and takes them on a warpath of self-discovery and no return.  Faeryville is a dystopian teen movie, a stylish coming of age film about youth making sense of their idealistic dreams in our increasingly surreal world - a fictional manifestation of very real issues prevalent in the Post 9-11 world. The Grinch hatches a scheme to ruin Christmas when the residents of Whoville plan their annual holiday celebration. A group of film students burn paper effigy cameras for the wandering spirits during the ghost month in Singapore and receive a collection of horror movies in return. In thirty three years Mourad has spent a lot of time in and out of hospitals. He is one metre forty nine tall, has only one eye, one leg shorter than the other and his hands and feet are deformed. Antoine is bald and over forty, he is grossly overweight, has psychological problems and a dysfunctional family background. Mourad and Antoine form one of the most bizarre drag queen duos that has ever performed on European stages. They are the fabulous BayBjane and Cybersissy, undisputed divas of nights in Ibiza. A human and artistic union, a mix of freak show, kitsch and clowning, cyber and s/m, provocation and irony, Lindsay Kemp and Leigh Bowery, Divine and Bette Davis. After seeing one of their shows in a club in Cologne, Tim Lienhard tells us what is hidden under the heavy makeup and the gaudy dresses of these unique characters. Their brilliant crazy creativity has helped them to overcome many problems in their two difficult lives. A young actor falls in love with a mysterious being encountered in a dream. As World War Two rages on, the allies are about to push the Nazis out of North Africa. That's when the Nazis turn up the heat, unleashing their secret Weapon: DRAGONS!!! The allies quickly lose ground to the ancient monster, and are close to complete annihilation when the Allies put together a group of special fighter-pilots, specially trained to fight a beast everyone thought was a myth. Shades of Darkness is the story of a young woman named Bridget Avers, Anne C. Trebilcock, who returns to her home town of Autumn Hills to discover a threatening Entity, John Maczko attempting to wipe out the entire population. A married, indie band duo regretfully takes a job on a children's show ("Rumperbutts"). Despite the money &amp; success, they are miserable. However, on one magical evening, a mysterious man appears &amp; gives them a second chance. Robert spends his nights hunting people for execution with his anarchic gang. But when he falls in love with one of his victims, he sees a new life open up. Can he escape from his life as a trained killer in time to save her? The paths of a desperate man and an imprisoned young woman cross unexpectedly in the den of a mysterious killer. Three novellas are connected by the character of Don Julio. The old man lives alone in a hacienda which is being absorbed by the huge Mexico City. Don Julio escapes from the surrounding reality into the world of memories. Images from the past are so strong that they reawaken his old love for aunt Cecilia and young Clotilde. Isabel takes place in a Canadian coastal village. Genevieve Bujold plays a girl, Isabel, whose flawlessly beautiful face masks the maelstrom swirling in her mind. She is haunted by the images of her family members, each of whom suffered a violent death. Believing herself the product of an incestuous relationship, Isabel enters into an affair with a young man who resembles her own brother.  Lucky Jackson arrives in town with his car literally in tow ready for the first Las Vegas Grand Prix - once he has the money to buy an engine. He gets the cash easily enough but mislays it when the pretty swimming pool manageress takes his mind off things. It seems he will lose both race and girl, problems made more difficult by rivalry from Elmo Mancini, fellow racer and womaniser The Forest of the Lost Souls is a dense and remote forest, Portugal's most popular place for suicide. In a summer morning, two strangers meet within the woods. Entrapped within a prison of his own making, a father's outlook and relationship with reality is questioned... Neglecting both his wife and daughter, Jassim lives a separate life to his family within an atmosphere of foreboding. It is only during a chance convergence of circumstances in which he visits the legendary tree of life that Jassim begins to question his understandings. Two Angola, the colonial and the contemporary, spaced 60 years, share the curse of a mysterious island. In the past, the epicenter of the tragedy is an evil fortress, tomb of revolutionaries deported from the mainland. In the present, the building of a luxurious resort awakens the relentless jaw of justice. Soon after, workmen lacerated dead bodies, begin to appear. The horror spreads rapidly. Pedro Mbala is sent to the island to solve the problem. His target is a pack of stray dogs. On the day he was supposed to graduate from elementary school, a precocious boy runs away from home and goes with his best friend on a journey to his friend's faraway home. He encounters diverse, interesting people and discovers that "precocious" isn't what he had once believed. Charlie and his wife are walking in the park when they encounter Ambrose and his wife where they become attracted to each other's wife and start chasing them around the park. A policeman out looking for a masher also becomes involved. 'The Fire Flies, Francesca, Baltimore' is an urban tale, a road movie, that opposes a driving through Baltimore and an immersion in the underground Vogue scene - homosexual and trans gender black performers from the ghettos of the city. A poetics of survival. On the brink of separation, Ethan and Sophie escape to a beautiful vacation house for a weekend getaway in an attempt to save their marriage. What begins as a romantic and fun retreat soon becomes surreal, when an unexpected discovery forces the two to examine themselves, their relationship, and their future. 16 year old JULIET BELLO lives on a ranch with her stepmother KIM and two irritating stepbrothers, CRAIG and PETE. Since her father died the ranch has been going downhill, until in desperation Kim has to entertain the offer from businessman MONTGOMERY BEETLE or else face foreclosure. But Juliet thinks she has a secret that could keep the ranch open: her horse, HORATIO, can talk! When Yeon-soo finds out his long awaited baby has fatal deformities, he asks his wife to get an abortion which results in pain and depression. Follow the adventures of Belle, a bright young woman who finds herself in the castle of a prince who's been turned into a mysterious beast. With the help of the castle's enchanted staff, Belle soon learns the most important lesson of all -- that true beauty comes from within. Inspired by an ancient Chinese ghost story, the tale that goes beyond what viewers usually expect in the ghost movies and further to challenge the traditional story-telling pattern. 19 years old Neve sees women out of focus - but he can see them properly when they are recorded on magnetic tape or film. This is why he wears a special pair of camera-glasses which, recording every single moment of his life, allow him to see everything correctly. His life actually becoming one of the movies he has been watching since he was a child. Until the day he meets the one and only woman he can see at naked eye. A housewife struggles with her husband after he is possessed by a ghost. Children can get involved with yoga and have fun learning with YogaKids 2: ABCs. From alligator to zebra, this yoga DVD for kids uses the alphabet to guide 26 kid-style yoga games inspired by animals, flowers, and other familiar icons kids love. The program gives children lifelong tools for refocusing mindset and mood, teaches yoga fundamentals, builds physical fitness and self-confidence and challenges coordination and imagination. In the near future the earth has become desolate and dangerous. Now inhabited by by a mysterious race of creatures, humanity has been forced to find refuge in the SkyArk, a man-made city in the sky. As the population grows, space becomes scarce and only the rich and powerful can stay, dumping the poor and orphaned of SkyArk to the abandoned earth. Troubled psychotherapist Peter Bowers is suffering from nightmares and eerie visions. When he uncovers a horrifying secret that all of his patients share, he is put on a course that takes him back to the small hometown he fled years ago. There he confronts his demons and unravels a mystery 20 years in the making. Ghost Bride tells the story of Jason Chen - a young chinese immigrant in New Zealand who keeps his love for Kiwi girl Skye secret from his disapproving mother Alice. Things quickly unravel as his mother introduces him to Madam Yin, a matchmaker who has a very special bride in mind for Jason - the mysterious and silent May Ling. A hopeful young starlet uncovers the ominous origins of the Hollywood elite and enters into a deadly agreement in exchange for fame and fortune. The Beast returns! Brock Lesnar has destroyed the competition since returning to the WWE and his matches have only added to his prominent legacy. Relive Lesnar's heated rivalries with the biggest names in WWE - John Cena, and Triple H, and classic matches against The Undertaker and CM Punk! Based on a true story. In 2041, humans live side-by-side with robots and androids. A well-known cybernetic engineer, Alex Garel, returns to his hometown to create a new model of robot child. Chhota Bheem and his friends set out to fight Damyaan, a demon blessed with immortality. However, it is not as easy as they thought it would be. Hunted by raiders, a band of crusading knights escort the holy grail through a valley of black death where they must hack and slash their way to freedom. Livingston, a psychic investigator, is asked to attend a seance. Can it be that he has finally discovered a genuine supernatural phenomenon!? A story that stretches across war, blossoming love, and living as a recluse. Stephanie and Ryan switch bodies after a magic night together. After searching for years for his parents whom he has never met, N Mars finally finds their where-abouts thanks to an old American Super 8 film. This leads him to a desolated region and a house in ruin which hosts stories of sorcery. In a hospital, ten soldiers are being treated for a mysterious sleeping sickness. In a story in which dreams can be experienced by others, and in which goddesses can sit casually with mortals, a nurse learns the reason why the patients will never be cured, and forms a telepathic bond with one of them.  Raped. Disemboweled. Nearly decapitated. Dumped on the outskirts of a nature reserve, dead - or so they thought. She needed a hero that night, so that's what she became. This is Alison's tale. A tale of monsters, miracles and hope. Returning to his homeland after years of slavery, a Norman prince seeks revenge on his father's  murderer - his ruthless uncle, Earl Durant. Gaining the trust of a band of exiled farmers, he leads them into battle against Durant, exploiting them in his inexorable quest for vengeance. As one by one they are slaughtered in the brutal battle, will the prince sacrifice everything an everyone to fulfil his quest for blood? Moises goes to the forest in search of a fruit that will heal his sick mother. During his search he encounters a strange girl who promises to help in exchange of protection from an evil monster haunting her. ROAD 2: THE SEA OF GLASS AND FIRE picks up where the first film in the series ends. After the rapture has taken place, JOSH MCMANUS (David A. R. White) is left behind and goes on a journey to find out what has happened and attempts to travel home to find his family. Before he can go anywhere, he is confronted again by the biker gang that harassed him previously and he joins forces with a young girl whose family has been taken up into the sky by God along with other believers. Chasing Josh at every turn is the brutal outlaw HAWG (Brian Bosworth) and his rolling gang of killers. On the day after the Biblical rapture, law and order have broken down - the highways have become a no-mans-land of bandits and looters. Josh's world has been shaken to the core, and he must make a choice, embrace his past as a man of violence, or learn a new path and become a man of faith. Which will he choose? After exorcising the demons of his ex-, Malcolm starts afresh with his new girlfriend and her two children. After moving into their dream home, Malcolm is once again plagued by bizarre paranormal events. Marcus O'Riley (Riley) and his partner The Magician are freelance explorers who specialize in the retrieval of folklore objects and are forced by a secret government agency to retrieve a powerful object from one of the Grimm's Brother's fairy tales, the Infinity Pistol. In order to find the Pistol the two explorers must partner with a gorgeous Mexican artifact agent in order to find it before the warmongering Prussian's do. Bobo Buggins, a neurotic Throbbit, joins a throng of Dweebs led by Randolf the Wizard to help them regain their technological treasures trapped beneath Silicon Mountain and guarded by a mighty Drag Queen. There is a series of Buddha statue thefts in Kyoto. Beniko, a high school girl, gets the Buddha statue at her family's temple stolen and has her parents killed at the same time. She needs to know what caused the death of a parents and dreams of revenge. She goes on a fantastical journey to ultimately face the demon. The entire film is produced by hand drawing all the gods 'manifesto animation' or 'gekimation' based on the amazing hand drawings. Imagine a guitar that could make your wildest dreams come true... and "all you have to do is play." When Jimi Lazer, front-man guitarist of the up-and-coming rock band LAZER US gets wind of this six-stringed magic, he pays a visit to the House Where Dreams Come True. Inside, a cloaked witch presents an ordinary stratocaster. "Is this it?" he asks. "This'll make me as famous as Hendrix?" The witch smiles and Jimi takes what he came for. But there's a catch. The cost is more than he is willing to pay. Realizing she won't let him back out of the deal, he now lives under a curse. Jimi takes the guitar and disappears. No one hears from him again. Twenty-seven long years pass. Inspector Richard Kemp never got around to putting the handcuffs around the Eardrum Slasher, a dangerous serial killer whose rampage began 20 years before. When Helene, a psychologist, witnesses the Slasher's latest crime and offers to testify, Kemp falls in love with her at first sight. In a mysterious turn of event, Kemp is suddenly transported back in time to the site of the Eardrum Slasher's first murder, he realizes that this could provide a second chance to catch the killer... Favoring pedigree dogs, a new regulation puts a severe tax on mixed breeds. Owners dump their dogs and shelters become overcrowded. 13-year-old Lili fights desperately to protect her pet Hagen, but her father eventually sets the dog free on the streets. Hagen and his pretty master search desperately for each other until Lili loses faith. Struggling to survive, homeless Hagen realizes that not everyone is a dog's best friend. Hagen joins a gang of stray dogs, but is soon captured and sent to the pound. With little hope inside there, the dogs will seize an opportunity to escape and revolt against mankind. Their revenge will be merciless. Lili may be the only one who can halt this unexpected war between man and dog. Depressed musician Gus and girlfriend Fiona must return to the home of his childhood, where the gruesome murder of his father took place. Soon after arriving they discover that even more sinister disturbances lurking in the shadows at this mysterious house on an island. The only journey is the one within. Mandorla explores a man's search for a meaningful life despite conflicts between his inner and outer worlds. Ernesto is a visual artist and seeker stuck in a corporate job, who is drawn by dark magical visions to a medieval French city. There he seeks an elusive banker to help him unlock an obscure dream that threatens his job, family, and sanity. A gothic lolita merges with a samurai teddy bear to fight zombies and save the world. Criminals and a beautiful but cunning hitchhiker must battle a supernatural force known as the Reaper. After yet another defeat inflicted by G.I. Joe, the immediate subordinates of Cobra's leader, Cobra Commander, have finally come to the end of their patience with his apparent incompetence and his inability to achieve real victories. The leader of the research and interrogations wing, Dr. Mindbender, receives a dream showing the solution. His plan is to collect the genetic material of great warriors and military leaders to create a composite clone that would be the perfect leader for Cobra. Now they set out to put this scheme into motion, and G.I. Joe has very little time to learn of this plot before Cobra becomes that much more a dire threat to the world. A young witch, on her mandatory year of independent life, finds fitting into a new community difficult while she supports herself by running an air courier service. After spending most of his life being defeated by his rival, Ottone, Biagio tries committing suicide - but in the hereafter he is offered a chance to come back to life for a week After suffering a family tragedy, Mack Phillips spirals into a deep depression causing him to question his innermost beliefs. Facing a crisis of faith, he receives a mysterious letter urging him to an abandoned shack deep in the Oregon wilderness. Despite his doubts, Mack journeys to the shack and encounters an enigmatic trio of strangers led by a woman named Papa. Through this meeting, Mack finds important truths that will transform his understanding of his tragedy and change his life forever. For generations, we have believed that man is driven by ruthless self-interest. But over the past decade, this idea has been increasingly challenged. New research from fields as diverse as political science, psychology, sociology and experimental economics is forcing us to rethink human actions and motivation.  'The Altruism Revolution' examines the scientific reasons behind the call for a more caring society. Presented by Michael Cathcart, this is one of Australia's great untold stories of escaped convict, William Buckley's amazing story of survival - living for over 30 years with an Aboriginal tribe. This documentary features extraordinary people whose passion for wine led them to create another career as a vintner, including: David Coverdale, lead singer of Whitesnake and Deep Purple Dick Vermeil, coach of the Philadelphia Eagles, St. Louis Rams, and Kansas City Chiefs Tamara Mowry-Housley, star of "Sister, Sister" and "Tia and Tamera" Bob the Steer, former slaughterhouse steer Jonathan Cain, songwriter and keyboardist of Journey Carmen Policy, president of the San Francisco 49ers- Just to name a few! After receiving disturbing news, a young man spirals into a deep depression and becomes vulnerable to the will of a dangerous intruder. A short, modern-day cautionary tale that encourages viewers to pause and think about the fragility of life. Kim lives with his dad, sells weed to skaters, writes poetry, and snorts painkillers to get through the day. One evening, while strolling through the subdivision painted up as his alter ego Shadow Zombie, Kim catches the eye of a registered nurse and part-time clown Brandi. What follows is a brief romance marked by destruction by the very real phantoms emanating from Kim's dead-end present and Brandi's traumatic past. Shooting under near-documentary conditions in and around Lafayette, Louisiana, Jorge Torres-Torres operates peopling his film with a coterie of genuine Acadiana misfits. The merciless and at times unexpectedly poignant observation of Kim's world dares to see through to the human core of a drug addict or clinically depressed clown. A man hasn't got over his girl's death. While a close friend of her approaches to him, a hallucination of his dead girlfriend haunts him. As he blurs line between reality and fantasy, suspense rises, rushing to explosion. In a small Anatolian town life goes on; Cemal is an assistant referee in football matches, Yasemin works in an egg factory, Defne is a street vendor who sells books, Doctor Irfan is occupied with his patients...  In this town with two suns and three full moons in the sky, Cemal -who can see through the walls- has no expectation out of life and looks for a way out with Yasemin -who can move objects with her fingers- as he was trying to deal with the distress that fell on his. However, Defne, who can freeze time will muddle things up; Yasemin's immortal boss' actions will contradict the invisible elementary school teacher's advices who is trying to eliminate the worries of Cemal.  Thou Gild'st the Even is a black and white movie about the ordinary sorrows, worries and troubles of the townsmen with extraordinary abilities. The year is 400 AD in what is known now as Western Europe . After an unprovoked battle with local Germainian Barbarians The Roman is wounded and seeks refuge in a vast forest to regain his strength and tend to his mortal wounds. It is in this forest of refuge Where he is granted another day to live by the Gods, and will cross paths with an escaped Egyptian slave who has abandoned his own camp. The two men will be challenged and tested by each other, mother nature &amp; the inner most conflicting primordial affiliations with man's body and mind. With Death close to The Roman, hovering over him like his shadow.......what will this journey hold for both men. Discover everything your heart &amp; mind desires in this openly suggestive feature about the human connection. A couple take a vacation to a remote island - their last holiday together before they become parents. Soon after their arrival, they notice that no adults seem to be present - an observation that quickly presents a nightmarish reality. Jake and Desmond (Paranormal Exterminators) team up with Alison, whose house is infested with undead creatures, to fight the horde and keep a demon from entering our dimension. Tonatiuh and Maria experience a passionate and turbulent relationship. One night, in the heat of an argument, they suffer a dramatic automobile accident. Tonatiuh is left in a coma, where he sees Alicia, his nurse, including her in his dreams about Maria. Time later, Alicia has an accident and suffers amnesia while Tonatiuh wakes up. One year later, Tonatiuh and Alicia meet  and an impossible love arouses from oblivion, haunted by the ghost of Maria's memories. Kris Kringle, aka Santa Claus, goes on trial for mental competency in Small Town U.S.A. A young gymnast battles a group of bank robbers at the home of her boyfriend. Fantasy - A failed sculptor discovers a strange, talking hole in the wall. It has the power to fulfill his wildest dreams...and become his worst nightmare. -  Mary McDonald-Lewis, Don Alder, Sean McGrath An over-the-hill movie producer marries a wealthy, spiteful woman and closeted lesbian just to please his spoiled daughter who then, in an attempt to spite him, seduces both a wealthy playboy and a local screenwriter. Takeshi is an assistent director who remembers his grandfather, who was a Butoh dancer, once asked him: 'Would you dance in a costume that didn't fit you for the rest of your life? Or would you find a costume that fit you perfectly?' Takeshi decides to fight for his dream to break through as a director. A young woman filled with anxiety and paranoia escapes into herself and creates a fantasy world involving ancient aliens who control the human race through the'Synthetic Man,' a figure shrouded in mystery who may hold the key to the woman's tangled past. A bus full of strangers find themselves fighting for their lives when one of them reads from an ancient Gothic tome, bringing six dead serial killers back to life, who proceed to hunt them down one by one. Documentary about Palestinians living in a refugee camp.  Fyataroo: Flying human beings; Choktor: Black Magic sect Bhodi, the head of the Choktors, initiates a total war against the ruling communists of West Bengal, India. Fyataroos join hands with Choktors. Advised by Calcutta's progenitors Dandabayash (ageless primordial talking crow) and an Indo-colonial half-breed Begum Johnson(1732-1818) erupt a historic insurrection. They jointly launch guerrilla attacks against the Government. Skulls dance in crematoria and flying-discs flutter in the skies and cry anarchy, resident ghosts gossip and prattle, and the police is in total confusion. Government is forced to surrender and offer a peace proposal to the joint force. The film dissects almost everything wrong in the city with a cinematic knife sharpened on trenchant farce and fantasy. It is an anarchist film.  --Anonymous A Greek warrior must travel to the Underworld and battle killer hellhounds in order to rescue his murdered bride from the clutches of Hades. Chart a course for nonstop fun with Handy Manny's first full-length adventure! Fell the wind in your hair, and join Manny as he packs up his Tools for an exciting road trip. They're heading out to a fiesta grande - Manny's family reunion! But when Pat veers off in search of his own family, Manny's plans take a detour. Can he race to the rescue in time to make it to the party? Filled with new songs, old friends, and an inspiring message, Motorcycle Adventure shows that when it comes to family, there's always something to celebrate! Mariposa becomes the Royal Ambassador of Flutterfield, and is sent to bring peace between her fairy land and their rivals, the Crystal Fairies of Shimmervale. While Mariposa doesn't make a great first impression on  the King, she becomes fast friends with his shy daughter, Princess Catania. However, a misunderstanding causes Mariposa to be banished from their fairy land. As Mariposa and Zee returns to Flutterfield, they encounter a dark fairy on her way to destroy Shimmervale. Mariposa rushes back and helps Princess Catania to save their fairy land and together, the two girls prove that the best way to make a friend, is to be a friend. There is no escape... From one side of the globe to the other, there is no escaping the faces, the visions, the ever-watchful camera. There is no escaping the mask, there is no escaping the resonating echoes of images and sounds that cross each other over time. There is no escaping the cinema. There is no escaping the terrors of the mind. Two modern-day treasure hunters go searching for the lost gold of a legendary 1800s outlaw in the remote jungles of Far North Queensland. A father, his son and some friends spend a weekend by the sea, but relationships worsen and tensions rise to the rhythm of the ever-changing tides. A rainbow-colored tornado takes Haruto and Koyomi to an alternate reality called "Magic Land". There, its residents never developed science. Instead they put extensive research on magic. As a result, anyone has an ability to use magic, and some of them can even transform into a Kamen Rider Mage. When Haruto arrives, he meets a young orphan called Shiina. As Haruto explores Magic Land, he finds the Emerald Palace and meets Emperor Maya. He also meets Prime Minister Orma, who is known as Kamen Rider Sorcerer, who does not appear what he may seem to be... Plagued by frightening occurrences in their home, Kelly and Ben learn that a university's parapsychology experiment produced an entity that is now haunting them. The malevolent spirit feeds on fear and torments the couple no matter where they run. Desperate, Kelly and Ben turn to a paranormal researcher, but even with his aid, it may already be too late to save themselves from the terrifying presence. Willy Wilson, a 12 year old comic book aficionado. Willy falls into a manhole and gets trapped inside it for days and soon figures out that he has the ability to fly and lift things up with the help of telekinesis. Sol, a bold fugitive lost in a dangerous post-apocalyptic desert world, searches for a missing woman named Catherine and her illusive captor, the Nomad King. With enemies at every turn, Sol's only chance of finding Catherine is with the help of a rogue and mysterious wanderer, Cleo.  Returning to his homeland after years of slavery, a Norman prince seeks revenge on his father's  murderer - his ruthless uncle, Earl Durant. Gaining the trust of a band of exiled farmers, he leads them into battle against Durant, exploiting them in his inexorable quest for vengeance. As one by one they are slaughtered in the brutal battle, will the prince sacrifice everything an everyone to fulfil his quest for blood? Erik, Ryan, and Cooze start college and pledge the Beta House fraternity, presided over by none other than legendary Dwight Stifler. But chaos ensues when a fraternity of geeks threatens to stop the debauchery and the Betas have to make a stand for their right to party. Mirai Fukuin (lit. The Future's Gospel) is a side story of Kara no Kyoukai novel series. It is divided into two parts, Mobius ring, and Mobius Link. A man with an unknown disease travels to an island with his girlfriend where his relatives once lived, hoping to find a cure to his illness. While it was thought that his relatives were all dead he actually finds them to be living underground. However because they have been inbreeding for all these years they don't look right, plus they have developed a pretty bad eating habit. Will he chose his girlfriend or his people? From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia  Chandra is a 2013 and 2014 Indian fantasy film, simultaneously made in Kannada and Tamil languages. Directed by Roopa Iyer, it features Shriya Saran and Prem Kumar in the lead roles. The film deals with the life of a last generation princess and her love story. Chandra is a joint production of India Classic Arts and Narasimha Arts. The film was released on 27 June 2013 to positive reviews and emerged as a commercial success, also becoming one of the highest grossing kannada films at its time.  Description above from the Wikipedia article Dan Duryea, licensed under CC-BY-SA, full list of contributors on Wikipedia.  Juliet Forrest is convinced that the reported death of her father in a mountain car crash was no accident. Her father was a prominent cheese scientist working on a secret recipe. To prove it was murder, she enlists the services of private eye, Rigby Reardon. He finds a slip of paper containing a list of people who are 'The Friends and Enemies of Carlotta'. Two troubled girls, who come together as friends through their imagination of art, creating their own fantasy world where they can finally be free. Years after a mysterious plague has devastated the planet and turned most of humanity into blood-hungry creatures, a rogue drifter on a vengeful hunt stumbles across a band of survivors in an abandoned police station and reluctantly agrees to try to help them defend themselves and escape to the sanctuary they so desperately need. Four directors presents four episodes about one of the most terrifying legends from Brazil: the Sanguanel, a Italian creature who terrorized European immigrants in the 19th century. The police detective Waldo, of immersed and circumspect disposition and temper, investigates several crimes associated with indigenous rituals that occur in some regions of the Peruvian Andes. There we find a boy and a girl who are about to enter puberty and begin to interact with certain mythical beings, a supernatural belief very common in many Andean villages. A sinister character, pretending to be on a mission of faith, but imbued with religious dogmatism and intolerance, interrupts this peaceful scene as he casts an ominous shadow over these ancient Peruvian beliefs. Although Waldo's boss considers him inferior and distrusts his methods (a form of discrimination), the policeman continues his efforts to capture the "Extirpator of Idolatries." At the same time, Waldo will resolve his own inner conflict which has troubled him all his life. Sam is a killer by trade, one of a group of merciless men known as the Shadow Syndicate whose business is delivering fate for a price. But when Sam is asked to erase the line between honor and evil, he turns his back on the Shadows knowing this will make him a wanted man. The Shamer's daughter, Dina, has unwillingly inherited her mother's supernatural ability. She can look straight into the soul of other people. When the sole heir to the throne is wrongfully accused of the horrible murders of his family, it is up to Dina to uncover the truth, but soon she finds herself whirled into a dangerous power struggle with her own life at risk. Everything you ever wanted to know about Phantasm is right here in this 97-minute feature with interviews from Don Coscarelli, producer Paul Pepperman, Angus Scrimm, Reggie Bannister, Michael Baldwin and Bill Thornbury. The atmosphere in True Cross Academy is lively and boisterous in the days leading up to the grand festival held once every 11 years. During this time, Okumura Rin is entrusted with the responsibility of suppressing the berserk Phantom Train. In the midst of his mission, he meets a devil whose appearance is that of a young boy. Daniel Lugo, manager of the Sun Gym in 1990s Miami, decides that there is only one way to achieve his version of the American dream: extortion. To achieve his goal, he recruits musclemen Paul and Adrian as accomplices. After several failed attempts, they abduct rich businessman Victor Kershaw and convince him to sign over all his assets to them. But when Kershaw makes it out alive, authorities are reluctant to believe his story. Mando, a Bikolano devotee of Ina, Virgin of Penafrancia, Patroness of Bikolandia, injures himself in the middle of the forest at the foot of the Mayon Volcano. He will be nursed back to health by a mysterious woman, Salome. They will eventually fall in love with each other. But when Mando invites her to come with him to the plains, Salome refuses, saying a curse prohibits her from leaving the forest. Salome holds a secret that will devastate Mando's love for her. Meanwhile, Mando relies on his devotion to the Virgin of Penafrancia to lift the curse, making him realize just how inextricably linked are the virtues of love and faith. A classic Romanian legend, other than the world-wide known myth of Dracula, brought to a modern fantasy love story. Deep underneath the sea surface, accompanied by a fish orchestra, the voice of the ocean is telling a story of Little -- the Sea King's daughter. They left the plundered waters of their home to live among humans.  They now lead a strenuous life in a somber fish shop in the heart of the harbor district where one day, Little comes to meet a handsome, confident and somewhat fresh young man -- H.H. From this moment on, the life of Little is to take a sea change. Peter and Lisbeth are two young but unfortunate lovers living in a rigid rural community in the Black Forest. She comes from a wealthy family of glassblowers; he is a poor coal worker on the lower end of society. To become rich and respected, Peter makes a pact with a devil named Dutch Michael, who rips out his heart and replaces it with a stone. Robbed of all warmth and feeling, Peter becomes a cold-hearted go-getter who rapidly achieves his goals. Ruthlessly he strives for money and power. Filmed at the Celebrity Theatre in Phoenix, AZ on February 15th and 16th, 2013, Oh My God is Louis C.K.'s fifth stand-up special, his first for HBO since 2007's Shameless, and his first since winning a Emmy Award for writing on his acclaimed show on FX, Louie.  Performed in the round in front of a live audience, he discusses such topics as the food chain, animals, divorce, strange anecdotes, broken morality, murder and mortality. Hasan Hourani, a Palestinian poet and illustrator, died aged 29 in Jaffa while trying to rescue his nephew from the sea.  Shortly after, the filmmaker Mais Darwazah discovers his drawings and poems and feels drawn to Hourani's world-- a universe outside space and time; a place of wonder, discovery, and freedom.  Motivated by this kinship, Darwazah embarks on a journey to her homeland, Palestine: a place she has never known. Hamid struggles to care for his younger brothers when their father abandons them for Pakistan. Based on true events. Following his son's suggestion, a video game designer creates an action-adventure game where the villain has artificial intelligence and is stronger the protagonist. Trouble begins when the creator's son is forced to quit the game in between, much to the disappointment of the game's shape-shifting villain who then comes to life using a newly invented technology. The player now must escape him or else he might get killed, something only the game's less powerful protagonist can prevent from happening. Mara Lorbeer, a fifteen year old girl, finds out that she has to save the world because the Norse god Loki is threatening to break free of his chains. The third installment in Koszulinski's Florida trilogy, Last Stop, Flamingo takes one last critical look at the sunshine state. Koszulinski investigates a region defined by imaginary histories and landscapes, from the drained and dredged river known as The Everglades to the man-made white sand beaches that make up Florida's coastline. Early visions of Florida landscapes are revealed, from the early 20th-century Koreshan utopian community, founded by Cyrus Teed in the swamplands of Florida, to the world's largest planned subdivision--Golden Gate Estates--which projected a population of over 400,000 residents. Five-hundred years after Ponce de Leon's discovery of Florida, Koszulinski reflects on the many ways in which Florida's landscapes have been irreversibly shaped by human desires. Five beautiful girls vie for a chance to become the spokesmodel for diva DeeDee DeVille's new high-end line of lingerie. The claws come out when the competition gets fierce, but when they begin to disappear one by one, they soon find that they are competing for their lives... Based on the bestselling novel by Michael Ende (The Neverending Story), this epic fantasy adventure follows a young orphan boy JIM BUTTON, his best friend LUKE and a magical steam engine called EMMA as they travel across the world in search of the truth about where Jim came from. Battling pirates and dragons, outsmarting make-believe giants, they must travel through the Forest of a Thousand Wonders, beyond the End of the World to find the hidden Dragon City. Aishah (Diana Danielle) is a young woman living during the Japanese Occupation of Malaya, who, after being knocked unconscious while escaping from the clutches of the Japanese Army, wakes up in a quiet, sleepy village, seemingly untouched by the war. The villagers give her shelter and she begins a new life there. But soon it becomes clear that the village hides other secrets as well. Aishah is haunted by the presence of a young deformed girl whom no one else can see and she discovers that an unknown evil lurks in the surrounding woods nearby the village, an ancient creature that makes the villagers its prey, a demon known only as Azazil. The villagers keep an uneasy peace with the demon through offerings but the moment Aishah enters the village, the attacks inexplicably begin again. Framed for assassinating the Grandmaster, the Lost Ninja Clan must battle their way up an underground nuclear bunker filled with hordes of supernatural enemies, mutants and flesh eating zombies. Trapped a thousand feet below the earth's crust, these ninjas will face hell. Whatever Works explores the relationship between a crotchety misanthrope, Boris and a naive, impressionable young runaway from the south, Melody. When Melody's uptight parents arrive in New York to rescue her, they are quickly drawn into wildly unexpected romantic entanglements. Everyone discovers that finding love is just a combination of lucky chance and appreciating the value of "whatever works." A man discovers that he has the unpredictable ability to see two minutes into the future. An anthology featuring the worst shorts you have ever seen. Shorts featured are The Pizza Who Rapes People 1-3, Cocksucker the Movie, Ungabunga, and The Fantastical Banana Spider Hero Boy. Popular card game 'Go, Stop' becomes horrific in this thriller, as a group of players in the countryside start to die one-by-one. Yet when a substitute player is brought in, he begins to think that the game itself is the source of the problem. A college professor travels to New York City to attend a conference and finds a young couple living in his apartment. A story about the history and evolution of absinthe, from 1730 to 1915. The Green Fairy will take you on one hell of a trippy ride through time as it details not just the history of the notorious drink, but the modern day methods of imbibing and manufacturing as well. Nanna lives a lonely and regimented life in Berlin. When her life crashes she receives a phone call from her long lost love, Martin, who reminds her of their carefree childhood. Martin wants her to join him for a hike in the wilderness together with some of their mutual childhood friends. One of them, Peter (The Swede), has been told of a strange hermitic hippie-like society out in the Swedish wilderness and the group set off on an adventure unaware of the fact that once they reach their destination nothing will ever be the same again. As they are drawn deeper and deeper into the forest mysterious events start to unsettle the dynamics of the group. Reality begins to shift in ways none of them could have imagined and relations between the friends become strained and volatile. They had come looking for adventure, but nothing could have prepared them for what lies in wait... Shigeru Kajiwara (Joe Odagiri) works part-time at a company that sells mysterious health food. One day, the other employees run off with the company's money.  Madhu (Arya) and Remya (Anushka) slowly but surely falls in love but fate has them separated. Parallelly, we have Maravan (Arya) and Varna (Anushka) a high spirited warrior living in a fantasy world and have a different love story. Varna is tough and does not want to get married and be someone's slave. Madhu goes in search of his lady love to fantasy world filled with flying creatures, beautiful green forests and his life intervenes with that of Maravan. How he helps the lovers, saves Maravan and how Varna discovers love forms the rest of the story. Demon hunter, Jebediah Huntley teams up with an FBI agent to battle a supernatural force in the southern state of Mississippi. A fake news broadcast that aired on FX, related to Dark Horse Comics' "Hellboy" universe. Challenged by her step-sister to return home, a young woman hiding from her past in a remote Japanese village is abducted into a fantastic wilderness and pursued by a monster, with only four nights to escape to Tokyo and face her demons. Animated retelling of the classic Hans Christian Andersen fable, directed by Martin Gates and featuring the voices of Helen Mirren, David Jason and Rik Mayall. Far away, in her vast ice palace, the Snow Queen plots to rule the world by deflecting all the sun's warmth away from Earth so that it freezes over. But her mirror breaks, and on her mission to find all the missing pieces, she kidnaps Tom, who has part of the mirror in his body. Can his sister Ellie save Tom, and stop the evil Queen from acheiving global dominance? A story about the importance of family Deep in the wilds of Southern Appalachia, lifelong moonshiner Popcorn Sutton runs 1 last batch of accurate moonshine whiskey. By means of the exhausting work of clearing the site, building a rock and clay furnace, brewing corn mash and producing high-proof moonshine, Sutton reveals the craft of standard distillation, the character of his Scots-Irish ancestors, and a lifetime of memories in the trade. A demonic nun unleashes HOLY HELL when she summons the devil to possess a MAN-EATING SHARK!! After seeing her husband off to work, the young author identified only as Yoshiko sets off to read the large collection of letters she received from other young authors. These are often letters containing samples of their work for critique. One large envelope contains a letter. The letter-writer does not provide his name. The letter is a confession of crimes. The letter-writer has no family or friends, and claims to be "ugly beyond description". He is a chair maker and loves his work and all the chairs he creates, even going so far as to claim some sort of intangible connection to his work. In the 1990s, rumors of recovered crashed flying saucers emerged from a phantom, top secret air base in a remote corner of Nevada's atomic test range, and the terms 'Area 51,' 'Dreamland' and 'Groom Lake' inspired hordes of UFO believers and researchers to descend on a tiny town on the border of Area 51 to trade stories, whisper secrets and watch the skies. Filmed over several years of two UFO buffs on their own personal search for the truth, 'Alien Highway' is about the people whose passionate obsession created a unique cultural phenomenon that flourished for a time in an obscure little community that happens to exist on the border of America's Twilight Zone. GO IN THE WILDERNESS tells the story of Lilith, Adam's rebellious first mate, and her guardian, as they forge an uneasy alliance on their journey back to Eden. Once in the Garden, they meet Adam and his new mate Eve, and realise that all is not as it seems in Paradise... A young girl stuck in a horrific cycle of familial violence finds the power to build her own future from the place she least suspected in an inspiring tale of friendship and devotion starring Ossie Davis and Della Reese, and directed by Bruce Pittman. For years Jo Ann Foley (Madeline Zima) has suffered under the cruel hand of her ruthless grandfather. A chance meeting with kindly neighbors Honey (Reese) and her husband Too Tall (Davis) finds things looking up, however, as the nurturing couple provides Jo Ann with the support needed to break free of her grandfather's tyrannical grip. As the future lies before her ready to be molded however she sees fit, Jo Ann must now find the courage to let go of the past and seek the redemption needed to start life anew. When Mats stumbles upon a pair of pants containing an unlimited amount of money, everything changes. Now he can buy everything he ever wanted, not knowing that powerful forces are tracking him down. The boy with the golden pants is an adventure film based on the Swedish classical bestseller by Max Lundgren. An epic tale spanning forty years in the life of Celie, an African-American woman living in the South who survives incredible abuse and bigotry.  After Celie's abusive father marries her off to the equally debasing "Mister" Albert Johnson, things go from bad to worse, leaving Celie to find companionship anywhere she can.  She perseveres, holding on to her dream of one day being reunited with her sister in Africa. Based on the novel by Alice Walker. Samuel Peters (Edward Furlong), once an ordinary man, dabbles in the laws of voodoo to bring his wife back from the grave. He soon encounters the God of malevolence 'Kalfu' (Corey Feldman), and makes a pact with him to destroy the underworld and bring chaos to earth. In return, he will become 'The Zombie King' and walk the earth for eternity with his late wife. But, as the ever growing horde of zombies begins to completely wipe out a countryside town, the Government set-up a perimeter around the town and employ a shoot-on-sight policy. Trapped within the town, the locals, an unlikely bunch of misfits, must fight for their lives and unite in order to survive. Can our heroes unravel the clues in time and survive or will The Zombie King and his horde of zombies rise on the night of the dark moon? Picking up exactly where the original left off. This 3rd installment tells the tale of Cindy and her little sister Candy fighting the good fight with the help of their friends against evil Dr. Carnage and his abominable sidekick, Max Assassin. Enter the darken, kaleidoscope colored world of the cartoon dimension where anything is possible. Where everyone is subject to a blood splattered crazy cartoon death An American comedy film composed of nine vignettes where characters in a marijuana smoking lounge have conversations with people they have never met before. In an occupied establishment - a kind of self-defined sub-cosmos of reality - there is a sensual search for lust and fulfillment taking place. Women and men dance, desire, interact; their perfectly choreographed body game becomes a symbiotic extension of an excessively hedonistic sub- conscious. Amidst it all: a mafia boss seeks to take control of the establishment and finds the meaning of life in the process. Perfect Garden is a fabulously hypnotic film, utopian and realistic all at once Embryo: Vagabunden Karawane  Charles Brady and his mother, Mary, are the last of a dying breed whose needs are not of this world.  They are Sleepwalkers - able to stay alive only by feeding on the life-force of the innocent, but destined to roam the earth, avoiding discovery while searching for their next victim.  That search takes them to the sleepy little town of Travis, Indiana, where beautiful teenager Tanya Robertson is about to become an unwilling pawn in their nightmarish fight for survival. On Jake's first day of work at the comic book store he finds out that he has entered a strange new world where anything is possible. Small-town girl meets mysterious drifter boy, they fall in love. Only in this case, the boy brings with him a family curse and unimaginable horror that rains hell upon the small town A man with a split personality fools his small town into believing his two alter egos are man and wife, although a struggling young mother holds the key to his past and sparks a battle between the personalities. Based on a best-selling novel by Michal Viewegh, Angels of everyday focuses on a few intimate family members: a recently widowed young doctor Ester; a school canteen cook and her son; a driving instructor, his wife, and their closest relatives. Set against the background of the 1984 Miner's Strike, 11-year-old Billy Elliot stumbles out of the boxing ring and onto the ballet floor. He faces many trials and triumphs as he strives to conquer his family's set ways, inner conflict, and standing on his toes. A potentially lost film, this film tells the story of a man is convicted unjustly of a crime and then subjected to inhumane torment in a prison run by corrupt administrators. Martino is practically a man when, during an eye test, the optometrist and his mother discover that he never saw things quite in the same way they have. A lone sheriff and a visiting environmental consultant race to solve the mystery that haunts the valleys of Brada County. When Monica's pet horse, Champion, breaks horse tradition and reveals to Monica that horses can talk, Monica learns that horses aren't too different from humans after all! Monica helps Champion figure out what kind of horse he wants to be when he grows up, while ultimately discovering her own path as well. Christmas wishes come true for Lobo, whose favorite cousin arrives for a surprise visit, and for Glorb, who wishes he could be everywhere at once! Part documentary, part fiction, Dream Town examines Barentsburg, a Russian coal-mining town on a Norwegian Island in the Arctic Circle. Looking at the stark reality of the miners, scientists, and children who live there, the film contrasts their unusual existence with fictional interludes they created with the director. On the day Toma Kamijo and Index see Academy City's space elevator, Endymion in the distance, they meet a Level 0 girl with an amazing singing voice, Arisa Meigo. As the three enjoy their time together after school, magic-user Stiyl Magnus suddenly attacks them. His target: Arisa. Why would a girl from the science side be targeted by someone from the magic side, Toma wonders. In the chaos of Stiyl's attack, he tells Toma, Index and Arisa that she might cause a war between the magic side and the science side. A Blanc-Biehn production centered around the idea of a governmentally designed drug created to help correct or strategically alter perceptions gathered during times of trauma or stress. Slated as being a substance that may help solve issues with everything from racial tensions, PTSD and geopolitic battles, first a focused study is needed to see how people respond to treatment and what dosages might be needed. Four couples are chosen to test this drug, and soon find their memories and sanity challenged. Emmanuelle and her crew run into secret agent 0014, who convinces them to tag along on his next mission to save the world. Gravity was shot on a quiet fall afternoon and provides empirical evidence of the instantaneous propagation of gravity and our world's drag on foreign bodies. Set against the tragic transmissions of Soviet cosmonauts, it's a short study of humanity's persistent self-sacrifice for the sake of scientific 'progress'. The dry quarry and a forest that still beats. A very sick father reviews the daughter. Resentments are brought to the table. The memory of the dead awakened by blood, objects, shadows and dreams affects Clarisse at this scenario of beauty and agony. Husband and business are expecting she in the city for a cathartic outcome. The daughter of a musical mentor adores a promising composer, who is quite fond of the adolescent. When her father dies, an uncle arrives with his own grown daughter, who begins a romance with the composer which culminates in marriage but creates an emotional rivalry that affects the three. An orphaned child's dreams--and nightmares--manifest physically as he sleeps. David Cork (Lachlan Woods) is a lowly data processor slaving away in the cubicle wasteland of Endo Bank's notorious Data Processing Centre, the DPC. But his real passion is manga. David is obsessed with the superhero Foxy Chaos - and he aspires to meet her creator, Takuya Fujimoro. David's manga dreams are shattered when a sinister Russian HR guru arrives at the DPC. Max Menkoff (Noah Taylor) has big plans and no worker is safe from his "method". Murder, chaos and office zombies take hold! Only David, in alliance with the brilliant and determined Ruby Jackson (Jessica Clarke), can stand in Menkoff's way. But what is the Menkoff Method? And what does it mean for David Cork? Renato Zucchelli is the last travelling shepherd left in a metropolis, and he has a dream: to lead his flock of sheep to the inaccessible city center to meet the children who have never seen him, showing them that dreams and freedom will always exist as long as there is still space to believe in a last shepherd who conquered back his city together with only his sheeps and the power of imagination. In 1926, Newt Scamander arrives at the Magical Congress of the United States of America with a magically expanded briefcase, which houses a number of dangerous creatures and their habitats. When the creatures escape from the briefcase, it sends the American wizarding authorities after Newt, and threatens to strain even further the state of magical and non-magical relations. A young scientist's experiment goes awry when he creates a monster from a radioactive isotope and finds that the creature consumes energy to grow in size and terrorize the nearby town. Six young people find an old VCR in an abandoned French house. The machine turns out to be magical... or is it cursed? In order to save some kids who are about to die in a fire, Bibi, the daughter of a prestigious witch, manages to trigger a heavy rain with her powers. The head of all witches gives her an award called "Crystal Ball", reserved for older girls. German adventure film very much in line of Harry Potter, but in female version. A female magician presents several impressive metamorphoses, combining stop-motion animation and camera tricks. Max Simkin repairs shoes in the same New York shop that has been in his family for generations. Disenchanted with the grind of daily life, Max stumbles upon a magical heirloom that allows him to step into the lives of his customers and see the world in a new way. Sometimes walking in another man's shoes is the only way one can discover who they really are. When 12-year-old Jonas' mother leaves to "fight her demons", he steps up as head of the household, becoming the unofficial guardian to his younger siblings. With food and money running out, the children retreat into a world of their own where, cloaked eerily in black-and-white, their home turns into one of bugs and mysticism - they make saucepan gardens, they take on insects as pets and spiderwebs encroach. Only the friendship of an odd young homeless man gives Jonas hope to survive in an adult's world. The year is 1879. Gunfighters from the far reaches of the globe descend on Religion, AZ to compete in a legendary poker tournament. Drawn by the gold prize, the players come to realize that in this game, their very souls are at stake.  A Buddhist Hobo, trapped inside a video game, must journey through psychotic realms of existence in order to reverse his karma, achieve enlightenment, and save the Princess. In the questionable town of Deer Meadow, Washington, FBI Agent Desmond inexplicably disappears while hunting for the man who murdered a teen girl. The killer is never apprehended, and, after experiencing dark visions and supernatural encounters, Agent Dale Cooper chillingly predicts that the culprit will claim another life. Meanwhile, in the more cozy town of Twin Peaks, hedonistic beauty Laura Palmer hangs with lowlifes and seems destined for a grisly fate. YOUR DAY IS GONNA COME is the story of a man damaged by his life experiences who builds up a mountain of bad karma taking out his frustrations on those around him until he shuts out all who love him and is left to face the consequences of his actions alone The story of the film revolves around a cursed nightie which changes hands in a logical manner, not magically. The original owner of the nightie had experienced unfulfilled love, which ultimately led to a curse on it.  A wannabe actress comes to Kolkata from a village in pursue of her career. She can cross all limits in order to become successful. She uses that nightie for seducing producers and she doesn't regret in what she is doing. The events that take place later form the climax of the story.  A behind-the-scenes look at Jim Henson's 1986 fantasy film, 'Labyrinth', featuring David Bowie and Jennifer Connelly. Brother Joseph and the Grotto tells the "true fairy tale" of Brother Joseph Zoettl, the tiny Bavarian hunchback monk who built Ave Maria Grotto, a miniature city of recycled materials in the Alabama woods of Saint Bernard Abbey. A hand-cranked film of a wind-up record player, hand-colored to simulate the unheard music. The lives of six roleplaying gamer friends are thrown into upheaval when one of them enlists to go to Iraq. A geek movie without the self-loathing. Two men and their horse travel through a vast and arid wilderness, each confronting sorrow, joy and their own demise. For the past four years, San Francisco cop Jack Cates has been after an unidentified drug kingpin who calls himself the "Ice Man". Jack finds a picture that proves that the Ice Man has put a price on the head of Reggie Hammond, who is scheduled to be released from prison on the next day. A husband feels bored in his 9 year marriage. To add spice to his marriage, the husband composes a love letter to his wife. He doesn't sign the letter, thinking his wife would know who sent the letter. Because of this anonymous letter, the couple encounters unhappiness. Leopold Rawlins is a troubled drifter suffering from a bad past and worse present. Living in &amp; out of prison and out on the streets, Leopold winds up being deemed insane by the state and sent to the Milton Way House. Searching for redemption, Leopold uncovers new unlikely friends and an adventure that tests his limits. Gyu-Jung (Choi Yoon-Young) is a 29-year-old fledgling writer. She also works part-time at her mother's side dish shop and still asks for money from her parents. Her personal life isn't in much better shape as she is seeing her best friend's boyfriend (Lee Jae-Yoon). Gyu-Jung then decides to write a novel about a vampire. This is most likely her last shot at writing a successful novel. A strange man named Nam-Gul (Park Jung-Sik) appears and rents a room at her father's lodging home. The strange man stops by the side dish shop at night and requests custom made dishes from Gyu-Jung. He specifies that all of the side dishes must not contain garlic. Gyu-Jung becomes convinced he is a vampire. In time of war, a man must survive to make a journey to fulfill a promise made and discover the truth. After a terrible battle, a man sees his great friend perish, leaving him one request - that he visit the king, father of the deceased, to give him the news of his death. Tied promise on his deathbed friend, the warrior part for the meeting with the monarch, an old man and convalescent, who lost his only heir. The king demands that the warrior's serve, but the man is tired of war and want a place to live in peace. When the warrior goes in search of tranquility, his path crosses that of a beautiful young woman, chased by soldiers. He saves her and discovers she is a witch. With the Inquisition coming to the kingdom and a new love in his chest, the warrior must regain their weapons to prevent more blood from the people he loves spill. A comic fantasy about four men. As the name suggests, it is a modern-day spin on more than one mythological Tamil films from the mid 60s. In a world on the brink of collapse, Chockler receives the mysterious Lucrecia's mission to find a man named Victor, dead or alive. Little by little, he discovers a network of implications between the horse races, genetic experiments, and a series of strange and superhuman nature facts, in the deep night of the city. Shapeshifting between stardom and anonymity, an unhinged musician navigates a hyperreal combination of live action and animation daydreams in a struggle to release his first album. In the 1930s , a Japanese cult called The Temple of Hades was ordered to cooperate with the Japanese military to destroy China. They buy so many  young children from poor family , who will be trained as a lethal killing machine and serve the Empire of Japan. One of them is Vajra , who was forced by his captors to fight for the food , and accidentally causing the death of his brother. Several years later , Vajra grown up and become one of the biggest killer in the Hades sect. Vajra escapes to China and joins Shaolin , where he receives spiritual enlightenment and determined to support China against Japan. Gwen has just discovered, that she's the final member of the secret time-traveling Circle of Twelve. Now she has to juggle with constant trips to the past, her relationships with Gideon and figuring out dark secrets surrounding the Circle. Horror, gag, entertainment by Keisuke Toyoshima of "Heller master Shimizu Takashi x" "Kaidan New Ear Bag Nobuhiro" !! "Kaidanui watching me ..." and "My alien" are included. An optometrist's assistant strangely obsessed with eyes falls in love with her roommate's split-personality. The Queen of Selvascura risks everything to be a mother; the King of Roccaforte falls in love with the voice of a mysterious girl; the King of Altomonte becomes obsessed with a flea and neglects his daughter. Confined to an asylum for the criminally insane for the past four years, Nica Pierce is erroneously convinced that she, not Chucky, murdered her entire family. But when her psychiatrist introduces a new therapeutic "tool" to facilitate his patients' group sessions -- an all-too-familiar "Good Guy" doll with an innocently smiling face -- a string of grisly deaths begins to plague the asylum, and Nica starts to wonder if maybe she isn't crazy after all. Meanwhile, Andy Barclay, Chucky's now all-grown-up nemesis from the first three Child's Plays, races to Nica's aid. But to save her he'll have to get past Tiffany, Chucky's long-ago bride, who will do anything, no matter how deadly or depraved, to help her beloved evil devilish doll. A young girl is transported into a magical world of gingerbread soldiers and an army of mice.  In Disney's magical take on the classic The Nutcracker, Clara wants a one-of-a-kind key that will unlock a box holding a priceless gift. A golden thread presented at her godfather's holiday party leads her to the coveted key--which promptly disappears into a strange and mysterious parallel world. There Clara encounters a soldier, a gang of mice and the regents of three magical Realms. But she must brave the ominous Fourth Realm, home to the tyrant Mother Ginger, to retrieve her key and return harmony to the unstable world. Meet Peltzer Arbuckle, a bullied office employee, humiliated by his megalomaniac boss, teasing colleagues and cheating partner.  Stuck in his mundane, nightmarish reality, once news about an embarrassing sexual accident circulates the workplace, Peltzer decides to put up with his misery no more, and conjures up his childhood imaginary friend Ronnie who manipulates him to exact gruesome revenge on his tormenting co-workers.  As the body count rises, Peltzer must either run away from his past or take control of his future, battling between sanity and madness in a twisted tale of infidelity, revenge and snapped banjo strings. John Henry, a down on his luck salesman, is given a chance at success by an alien visitor, trading technology for help in human experimentation. Blinded by his ambition, the salesman open a doorway in which the alien can develop the means to control the human race. It's left to Detective Mike Washburn, who is investigating the missing persons reports, to get to the bottom of the disappearances. In October 1995 three French sisters gather in Atlit, Israel to sell the family home. Tensions arise between elders Darel and Cali when Darel proves unwilling to sell. That's when the sisters start seeing apparitions of their dead parents. Taipei, late Dec 2012. The city is going through an unprecedented winter heatwave, with temperatures in the 30s. Eight-year-old Tiger (Antoine) lives with his divorced mother, Cao Yi (Vivian Hsu), 36, who is struggling to make ends meet with her job as a magazine editor and reduced alimony payments from her ex-husband (Tang Kuo-chung). Tiger, who has a hyper-active imagination and sees his mother as a run-down robot who needs a new model, is not very bright at school and worries his art teacher (Mini Yang) with the dark pictures he draws in class. A Foreign Service Officer in London tries to prevent a terrorist attack set to hit New York, but is forced to go on the run when she is framed for crimes she did not commit. The story behind Blondie's album Parallel Lines, which sold 16 million copies and captured the spirit of 1970s New York at a time of poverty, crime and an exploding artistic life. A high school outcast new to town becomes friends with a violent loner still haunted by the death of his parents.  Bayonetta: Bloody Fate follows the story of the witch Bayonetta, as she defeats the blood-thirsty Angels and tries to remember her past from before the time she awoke, 20 years ago. Along her side are a mysterious little girl who keeps calling her "Mummy", a journalist that holds a personal grudge against Bayonetta and a unknown white-haired woman who seems to know more than she is willing to reveal about Bayonetta's time before her sleep. Alfad, a Lumad whose soul returns to his homeland to settle unfinished businesses and to finally rest. It is based on the Lumad's belief that when a person dies his soul goes back to his homeland. Mabel, in the park with her mother, sees her boyfriend and asks him to join them. The characters we met a little more than a decade ago return to East Great Falls for their high-school reunion. In one long-overdue weekend, they will discover what has changed, who hasn't, and that time and distance can't break the bonds of friendship. Though Kevin has evidenced 23 personalities to his trusted psychiatrist, Dr. Fletcher, there remains one still submerged who is set to materialize and dominate all the others. Compelled to abduct three teenage girls led by the willful, observant Casey, Kevin reaches a war for survival among all of those contained within him -- as well as everyone around him -- as the walls between his compartments shatter apart. Going to the very heart of the Bible's most challenging Book, this one hour documentary decodes the visions of Revelation 12 and 17 for everyone to understand. Journeying from the birth of Christ through the Christian era, this amazing video pulls aside the veil of hidden history to reveal the rise of Babylon, the persecution of the bride of Christ, and the real-world identity of the beast.  Educational and inspiring, Revelation delivers the keys to understanding the epic conflict between Christ and Satan and what it means for your life today. Two lovers break the law and struggle to stay together when carnal obsession causes tempers to flare. Jens has accepted far too much for too long. Being the shy night-owl he is, he keeps to himself, but the world will not let him be. The new master baker's quality starts slackening, and when a bunch of yobs one day smash the window of Jens's car, he takes one of them out. Intoxicated by his own new unexpressed vigour, Jens comes out of his shell, but the destructive driving force leads him towards a free fall. A short documentary about the making of Spike Lee's biopic, 'Malcolm X'.  Two men live in a house. A classical musical conductor unravels into the abyss of insanity.  In this adaptation of the popular eponymous mystery novel by Keisuke Matsuoka, Paris provides the gorgeous backdrop for a grand intrigue involving the world's most iconic artistic treasure: the Mona Lisa. Minds will be blown, puzzles will be solved, but will a 500-year-old curse be removed? To redeem his soul, the ghost of a killer is sent to lead a neglected teenage girl to save a group of street children from the abuse of a criminal organization. A couple's relationship is tested when uninvited guests arrive at their home, disrupting their tranquil existence. Hoping to bring his family closer together and to recreate his childhood vacation for his own kids, a grown up Rusty Griswold takes his wife and their two sons on a cross-country road trip to the coolest theme park in America, Walley World. Needless to say, things don't go quite as planned. Vampires have just made themselves public! Now a group of documentarians have been granted access to spend some time with them and learn how they live and coexist with humans. But as reality sets in, the crew realize they are in for far more than they bargained for. It is a story about a pair of sisters who work as "noroiya" (cursers) using magic in a fantasy world. One day a big tree suddenly appears in a forest, and tall buildings that look like they are from our world can be seen entangled in it. The two sisters go there to investigate and get ported to our world. They then encounter two children who are startled by the sisters' sudden appearance and rush back home but at home they see their parents turned into monsters... A beautiful princess born in a faraway kingdom is destined by a terrible curse to prick her finger on the spindle of a spinning wheel and fall into a deep sleep that can only be awakened by true love's first kiss. Determined to protect her, her parents ask three fairies to raise her in hiding. But the evil Maleficent is just as determined to seal the princess's fate. Dubbings, stunts, remixes, aesthetic covers. Diffuse, decentralized, peripheral, tipsy. Theme: an extemporaneous choreographic chanchada. Content: artistic nudity, discrete zoophilia and dance. Peter and Katherine Witner are Southern California super-yuppies with great jobs but no center to their lives. When they both lose their jobs and begin marital infidelities, their solution is to start their own business together. In order to find meaning to their empty lives, they follow various New Age gurus and other such groups. Eventually, they hit rock bottom and have to make some hard decisions A reclusive woman holds the secret to a series of mysterious child disappearances in a small northern community.  Tom Smothers stars as the brave mountie, who along with his trusty horse and bitter deputy Paul Reubens must track down a killer who is stalking coeds at a nearby cheerleader camp. A bomb technician faces his most hazardous situation yet: Take Your Daughter To Work Day. At the invitation of the mysterious Elijah, the shy, bookish Molly travels to the tiny island of Little Neck for his annual party. When she arrives she finds that all the residents, other than a small, tightly knit group of Elijah's friends have left for winter. When Elijah doesn't materialize at his own party, his guests carry on in his honor, having a bacchanalian night fueled with booze and psychedelics, playing games and telling stories of their absent friend. As a storm threatens their night of fun, Molly experiences a surreal evening of emotional and sexual exploration she won't soon forget. A disgraced former secret agent risks his life as well as the lives of his ragtag team as he seeks revenge against the charismatic terrorist who killed his wife. Vine, a disillusioned demon, is forced  into a choice to save his brethren or an innocent human girl. After Jake Tilton is given a mystical "monkey's paw" talisman that grants its possessor three wishes, he finds his world turned upside down after his first two wishes result in his malevolent coworker, Tony Cobb, being resurrected from the dead. When Cobb pressures Jake into using the final wish to reunite Cobb with his son, his intimidation quickly escalates into relentless murder - forcing Jake to outwit his psychotic friend and save his remaining loved ones. A four-film omnibus  that features four short anime films all themed around Japan. Mitsuki (Tenka Hashimoto) and Yuya (Yukichi Kobayashi) become stepsister and stepbrother because of their parents' marriage. Mitsuki can't get along with her new family and Yuya doesn't know how to approach his new stepsister. One day, Mitsuki becomes possessed by the spirit of Hiyori (Mayu).  Hiyori likes Yuya and believes Yuya can help her get to heaven. Hiyori places a leather chastity belt upon on Mitsuki and a plan takes place to help send Hiyori to heaven. After the death of their loved ones in a tragic plane crash, Harrison Ford and Kristin Scott Thomas find each other's keys in each other's loved ones' possessions and realize that the two were having an affair and they must figure out all the details. When a rash of demonic possessions occurs in Los Angeles, the Vatican summons an Irish Priest with mysterious powers: Ciaran the Demon Hunter. Horror anthology consisting of three episodes directed by Jorg Buttgereit, Andreas Marschall and Michal Kosakowski. Gajirou Honda is a self-centered man who only cares about money and women. When he's involved in a car accident, he encounters the ghosts of the deceased occupants of the other car, including the driver and three pole dancers. The four ghosts promise him a large sum of money in exchange for his help fulfilling their last wishes, thus allowing their spirits to pass over to the afterlife. How Zordon became what he is and how he obtained the power coins as well as hidden secrets that have changed the lives of humanity forever. Stuck in a life of indentured servitude, Marek dreams of becoming a wizard. When she meets a beautiful priestess, Teela, in need of help, Marek escapes her master and puts together a team of adventurers - including Thane the warrior and Dagen the half-elf thief - and embarks on an epic quest to free Teela's sister from orcs and ogres. After raiding the orc camp, the group learns that Teela's sister has been taken into the mountains by a giant ogre. Escaping hellhounds and dragons on their dangerous journey, the team find themselves hopelessly outmatched by the man-eating ogre, and must unite all their talents to free the prisoners and escape with their own lives. Aesthetic is a deep look into why people think something isn't the same as everything else. A dog goes on quest to discover his purpose in life over the course of several lifetimes with multiple owners. A boy imagines a monster that helps him deal with his difficult life and see the world in a different way. Kane Madison is an architect working in Los Angeles while his doppelganger-like spirit, an eighteenth century Ronin, wanders a parallel netherworld of masked demons and Japanese swordsmen. When tragedy strikes, Kane embarks on a journey of faith which prompts the Ronin to seek out his true master in the spirit world... both will face many battles along their interweaving roads to peace. Being able to see in the dark is a bless, but in Beijing, it's a curse.... A tantric terrorizes a village called Ramadurga. A man comes to the village to know the mystery of his birth. He learns that his grandfather was killed trying to save the village from the tantrik and he defeats him. Ikaros is an Angeloid and falls out of the sky. Tomoki Sakurai is a boy who believes the most important thing is to live a peaceful life. The two live tougher. Tomoki Sakurai has never seen Ikaros smile. Tomoki Sakurai sees Nymph and Astraea laugh after they got free from the master's rule. He hopes Ikaros can laugh like an ordinary girl.  This movie wraps up the story of Tomoki Sakurai and his relationship with the Angeloid from the sky, Ikaros. An alien determined to capture human females takes over a radio station to do it. Kid Dynamic, sidekick to Dynamic Man, quits the whole superhero racket and struggles with the transition...with finding himself. His hippy-dippy headshrinker, who insists on outdoor yoga classes during psychoanalysis, helps him find the courage to go for the simpler life he yearns for. What he comes to understand is that life isn't so simple, with or without the cape. When Cupid strikes the very first time it sees no class or caste barrier. And though the path to reunite with a loved one seems arduous and almost impossible, it's this love which makes a person do good things. Love doesn't remain a Time Pass anymore. When her birthday wish magically summons wacky Hollywood actor Drake to her small Midwestern town, Sophie has to figure out how to help him fit in until she can get him back home. But Drake is more interested in helping Sophie stand out. After almost drowning in a lake, Madison finds herself bound to a life of fear. Unable to describe what happened to her during the moments she was underwater, she begins to develop hydrophobia: an abnormal fear of water. Crippled by her post trauma, Madison attempts to shut out the world but her fear intensifies and she is faced with the vision of a dark figure that haunts her day and night. After watching her struggle for one year with the phobia and visions, Madison's four friends attempt an unconventional intervention in which they accidentally open a floodgate to a dark place where none of them are safe. As Madison and her friends dive deeper into the dark history of this figure that haunts them, it reaches out and begins dragging them to a horrifying place that they can never come back from. A look at the ACT UP movement from its inception to the present day. A suicidal American befriends a Japanese man lost in a forest near Mt. Fuji and the two search for a way out. Taking inspiration from the history of conflict throughout Eastern Europe, Echoes Of Time examines the concept of the illusion of freedom. A young filmmaker uses his home movie camera to escape the harsh realities of life, following the untimely death of his parents. A Fantastic Ghost Wedding is the story of a young popular spirit medium, who is hired to find a spouse for a dead teenage boy. The chosen bride turns out to be an unexpected person, and this snowballs into a series of events culminating in a Chinese ghost wedding.  In the twilight of the Ming Dynasty, the Imperial court is plagued by corruption as tyrants rule over the land. With the Manchurians preying on a weakened empire, war is imminent. To save the victims from their suffering, sorceress Jade Raksha fights the soldiers that oppress people for their own gain. As payback, local government officials decide to pin the murder of Governor Zhuo Zhonglian on Jade, turning her and the members of her cult into wanted fugitives for a crime they didn't commit. Brian Everett's younger brother Sam goes missing on the island of Tasmania during the middle of a mysterious quarantine forcing Brian to traverse across enemy lines to save his brother from an army of ghosts. The Kingdom of Camelot is plunged into darkness after the death of noble King Arthur, as the reign of his cruel sorceress sister, Morgan Le Fay, begins. Commanding three deadly dragons with her dark magic, she hunts the remaining Knights of the Round Table to the ends of the Earth. Time Travel exists. William is a Turasaiche ( a descendant time traveller) who works for the World Time forum, policing time crime at the world office in Perth, Scotland. When William is sent a letter from the future, he is shown what might happen if his journey continues. To Change it, he must recruit a new team. Time Teens is a Prequal Pilot film for a TV series by the same name. When her grandson is kidnapped during the Tour de France, Madame Souza and her beloved pooch Bruno team up with the Belleville Sisters--an aged song-and-dance team from the days of Fred Astaire--to rescue him. The Rangers is about a special force of soldiers, known as Rangers, who were founded long ago by King Aenarion to guard and watch the borders of the Kingdom of Olaran. Each episodic season follows the adventures of the unit of Rangers led by Brander Noke, also known as Wolf, and their new rookie Soren Fell. Together, they must help their world overcome its greatest challenge, as they face their own personal demons. On her 13th birthday Katie, a talented young girl, receives a magical amulet. This amulet was on a quest to find the fifth and last witch to complete the order of the star witches. Because in it's incomplete form, the order is unable to protect earth against the evil witch Concuela.  While Katie is exploring her new magical powers together with her best friend Roy, Grimbeck, the dandy gatekeeper of the star witches arena, as well as the evil Concuela are desperately trying to find Katie. When Teela's sister is murdered and a powerful relic stolen, Marek and her friends face a sinister new enemy - Kishkumen, a foreign mystic bent on reclaiming the Darkspore for his master Szorlok. Armed with twin maps, Marek and her team race Kishkumen and his horde through creature-infested lands, to a long abandoned underground city - all the while pursued by bounty hunters intent on returning Marek to slavery. After the death of her mother, an estranged daughter struggles to save her brother, and those around her from a malevolent faceless spirit. A lonely sailor discovers a mysterious island full of secrets... Through a famous painting "South Street Festival", a Taiwanese college boy unexpectedly travels 100 years back in time, back to the 1920's, when Taiwan was under Japanese rule. He is stuck, he panics, he wants to return to 2014 but soon changes his mind, not just because of the prettiest geisha girl in town... The six richest people in the world each have one thing still dragging them down.. their intolerable kids. Luckily, there is a mysterious entity that is happy to help. See, he has some monsters of his own and they are just dying to test out their skills.. One house. Six kids. Seven monsters. Who will be left standing? It's time for a showdown.. it's Kids Vs Monsters! An emotional fantasy in which a grieving gay man must open disbelieving eyes to the possibility of supernatural and mythological worlds in order to gain opportunity for reconciliation with a lover lost to apparent suicide. The Rapture has come and gone, in its wake is a famished wasteland filled with desperate looters, marauders and scavengers. In this third installment of The Revelation Road Saga, Josh McManus finds himself in a dangerous border-town at the edge of the wild-lands. The beleaguered Mayor sends Josh on a vital mission to find the mysterious and elusive "Shepherd". Is the Shepherd a prophet or a pariah? A true man of God or a cult leader? With the aid of a beautiful survivor, Josh will discover the truth in an action-packed adventure that puts his skills and his faith to the test. A grandfather's love stories enlighten a jaded man and a moonstruck girl about the realities of love.  In the Philippine remake of the 2014 South Korean film of the same name, an elderly woman in her 70s suddenly finds herself to be in her 20s after having her picture taken in a mysterious photo studio. Angels and man and the angel in man. The difficulties of an inexperienced young angel with an unwilling, stubborn client. A life documentary of a woman who was shunned for being possessed by spirits as a girl, oppressed for following superstitions as an adult, how she grows to be a great shaman who embraces the pain of all people, and how she comes to be honored as a national treasure of Korea with her outstanding artistic talents throughout Korea's tumultuous history. In the Seventeenth Century, while Hungary is fighting the Turks, the population of a small village in... When the sorceress Klishty Ma has her romantic advances rejected by King Morpheus she kidnaps his infant child, Prince Shawn. The King and his army search for 20 years to find the heir to the throne. Two young men plot to escape a dystopian future London ruled by corporate tyrant The Impresario Follows the lives of several gay youths and adults as they discover a world of the odd, the erotic and the supernatural. In New York City for their annual tradition of Christmas Eve debauchery, three lifelong best friends set out to find the Holy Grail of Christmas parties since their yearly reunion might be coming to an end. Boothnath vows to redeem himself when spirits tease him, and searches for a child to terrify. He befriends Akhrot, a slum kid, and helps him take on the country's most powerful politician. Amidst the vast sugar plantations of Negros in Southern Philippines, a matriarch lies in the throes of death. Her children rush home to confront the crisis as news of the impending death of their well-loved mother spreads among the community. There, in their ancestral house, the siblings are forced to deal with the issues of inheritance, tradition and the family legacy. It is a familiar tale. After all, every family has its story. And to each one, its own deserved secrets. A famous matador is ushered through a transitional state where he's given the opportunity to end his suffering by destroying his own ego, and along with it the identity that gives meaning to his life A creative teenage girl undergoes a mind-altering procedure while a virus spreads throughout the globe. Crispin Glover co-stars in this black comedy-fusion-surreal plague thriller. A delicious, phantasmagoric fantasy, directed by Hooroo Jackson. A gypsy girl travels across the vast lands of Brazil to save her long lost childhood friend from a violent countess who drinks the blood of young women. Things are hectic in heaven. Dozens of scribes sit before a long scroll incessantly scribbling away. They are composing the biographies of earth-dwellers. What is invented by the men in heaven is lived out below. And their employer, God, is increasingly vehement in demanding avant-garde ideas. Take, for example, the beautiful Yuri, a girl who dies in a car crash. Some of the heavenly scribes find this very dull and send former gangster Chas, who has become a heavenly tea-boy, back down to earth with instructions to save Yuri no matter what. And so Chas ends up in Okinawa, gets to know the earth-dwellers, interferes in their fates, becomes celebrated as 'Mr Angel' and is hounded by brutal enemies. His falling in love with Yuri is of course a foregone conclusion. But no one could anticipate what happens next. Not even God himself There's a magical door in Woody's closet that allows those who go through it to erase mistakes from their past. When he finds out where it goes, his life will be changed forever. This is an in-depth exploration by a man searching for a better understanding of his inner self and the world around him. The main character, Mark, undertakes a phantasmagoric inward journey through his own subconscious mind. Just retired from the Drug Enforcement Agency, John Hatcher returns to his hometown and quickly discovers that drugs have infiltrated his old neighborhood. Determined to drive the dealers out, Hatcher crosses paths with a ferocious Jamaican drug lord who vows that Hatcher and his family are now marked for death. 'Beti and Amare' is a historical science-fiction film set in 1936 Ethiopia. Beti, a young Ethiopian girl has escaped Mussolini's troops and found refuge in the peaceful south of Ethiopia. As the Italians march ever closer Beti has to battle hunger, thirst, and the unwelcome sexual advances of the local militia. When the situation threatens to escalate towards the unthinkable, a spaceship cracks through the clouds... its cargo... love.  A working-class Punjabi woman battles the adverse conditions that farm laborers face, including an oppressive upper class and drug abuse. The story of Chinese legendary anti-hero Zhong Kui, a young man endowed with mysterious powers who is forced into a battle among the realms of Heaven, Earth and Hell in the course of his attempt to save his countrymen and the woman he loves. A thriller based on two real incidents: the 2003 Tuen Mun Road traffic accident that claimed 21 lives and the 2013 Yau Oi Estate suicide, where the female victim dressed in red leapt to her death on the day of the Chinese Ghost Festival. A reimagining /regurgitation and re-dubbing of a classic silent horror flick! Shot in mind-shattering 2D (&amp; 36DD), featuring T&amp;A and epic voice-over 'voom', by Ms. Ilham Otaku &amp; Pepe Chingadero! Original 1922 star Max Schreck plays (in newly tinted archive footage, mixed, with new) Count Orlock, a deviant, adulterous, shape-shifting Transylvanian vampire aristocrat &amp; super creep, who is tearing Bremen, a new corn-hole &amp; it's up to a 'brotha-in-a-collar' and a creole nun with a flamin' gun, to stop him, in this 'creature-feature' fang-fest! Co-Starring Canadian Scream Queen: Vivita, with new footage shot in tantalizing Watt-a-Rama &amp; dubbed in Tex-O-Phonic Super-Sound A black comedy version of the classic tale. Cross is aided by his team of weapons experts Riot, War, Shark, Lucia, Ranger, Saint, Blackfire and Nuke. Their biggest fight is against their most dangerous enemy GUNNAR. A thousand year old Viking that's cursed to live for ever. Gunnar's only chance at ending his own life is to be the last living soul on earth. The Cross Team must stop Gunnar before he ends humanity. Set in the south Texas town of Sucio Sangre near the vicious Mexican border, BLOOD SOMBRERO stars Billy Blair as a nameless thief hired by the ruthless crime lord Lucifer (Nick Gomez) to find a strange box with unknown contents. Meanwhile a mysterious yet violent girl named Josephine (Paula Solinger) holds the box while on the run from the deranged cult she once belonged to. Hot on her trail are two crooked cops (Fred Doss and Stephen Brodie) and a psychotic bounty hunter named Coffin. Their paths ultimately collide in an explosion of blood soaked chaos, leaving our anti-heroes to decide whether this box is worth their lives. A desperate father tries to return home to his pregnant wife after a mysterious apocalyptic event turns everything to chaos. Drawn to the city in the shadow of Cathedral Mountain, where airships glide above scenes of treachery and violence, Flynn seeks the source of his family curse. On an isolated desert planet, a man who is looking for parts to repair his robotic companion teams up with a young woman searching for an imaginary lake. Mallister takes Thane prisoner and forces Marek and her team on a quest.  Marek tracks down the Necromancer for a final showdown for the Darkspore. Growing up in a small town, Charlie, Alex and Nick weren't the most popular kids around after they formed "The Elite Monster Unit". Chasing notorious, mythical legends and ghosts was exciting to them, not "cool" to the other kids around. So they lived their lives on the outside of the "in" crowd. Making matters worse was Charlie's obvious crush on Brandy, one of the most popular kids in school and sister to one of the biggest bullies around. Trying to impress Brandy, Charlie accepts a dare from her brother Nick that says he and his friends must spend Halloween night in a house long rumored to be haunted.What seems to be an easy challenge quickly turns out to be a night of frights as Charlie, Nick and Alex find themselves in the fight of their lives trying to out smart (and outrun) their new nemesis, a ghost dog named Salty, who does whatever he can to make this the worst night of their lives... A struggling writer meets death and falls in love. He must decide if his true love is in this world or the next, and if his dreams of success are worth dying for. Four Square Steve is a roaming cowboy who saves Milly from the rude advances of a dyed-in-the-wool villain. She gets Steve a job on her father's ranch. The bad man returns and kidnaps Milly to a deserted shack where he tries to force her into marrying him. Steve has found the note she left and he is rides to the rescue. Time-lapses of cacti and succulent over the course of a year. Environmental data drives the tone and filtration of the sounds while the rising and setting of the sun illuminates plant growth in and out phase with each each other. Blackmailed into murdering, a casanova is presented with the opportunity of living two lives. One in which he commits the crime and the other in which he refuses and goes on the run. Zombies are back in this highly anticipated sequel to 2015's popular Zombieworld. In the wake of a terrible virus that claimed most of the human population, zombies have risen. As the undead take control of Earth and grow in numbers, the remaining survivors struggle to save themselves and their planet from total annihilation in this unique horror anthology produced by the twisted mind of DreadCentral's Steve Barton and Miguel Rodriguez. Welcome to Zombieworld! Brothers Mike and Jody join family friend Reggie to battle the Tall Man and his evil minions from another dimension, for the final time. College student Ali Hooper and her little brother are attacked by a masked maniac, and the key to them surviving the night lies in unlocking a secret from the killer's past. Ozzy is an enthusiastic and friendly flying monkey, son of the legendary Goliath, the brave warrior. They serve Evilene - the wicked witch - just as the rest of their kin. But Ozzy is not happy about it and when Evilene's plans put Oz once again in peril, Ozzy reaches out to the Champions of Oz, three great friends (the Lion, the Scarecrow and the Tinman) with incredible qualities that have taken Emerald City to its maximum splendor. A few youngsters who are active in blog and social network sites decided to organize an exclusive show in Bangalore. The main coordinator of the show is famous in the blog as 'Olipporali'. In the final rehearsal when everyone arrives, Oliporali alone has not come. This story of magic and adventure takes place in the frontier land of Siam, filled with peace and happiness, until Lord Panwa decided to mine a mountain in the nearby Forest of Darkness. Little did Lord Panwa know that the mountain was the site of an ancient burial ground. A young boy whose parents just divorced finds an unlikely friend and mentor in the misanthropic, bawdy, hedonistic, war veteran who lives next door. Leopold Kroner, formerly of Colby Enterprises, is released after five years in prison for embezzlement. Andrew Colby, claiming that Kroner has threatened him, hires lawyer Bob Regan as a secret bodyguard. Sure enough, Kroner turns up in Colby's room with a gun, and Regan kills him. Then Regan, who sticks around to romance Colby's secretary Noel, begins to suspect he's been used. A creative and driven teenager is desperate to escape his hometown and the haunting memories of his turbulent childhood. Cendre is a fragile and unstable young man, heavily influenced by the fairy tales he was reading as a child. He pursues an obsessive quest to connect with the familiar characters of his memories, posting numerous ads to find the princess of his dreams. Upon finally meeting her, he realizes that his secret desires do not conform to any of the stories he takes for models. In a desperate attempt to live his perfect love, he blurs reality through hallucinatory episodes, unleashing his compulsions in the process. An overview of the life of the most shocking, vile, and notorious of punk rock legends. The dialogue-less film follows the major life stages of a castaway on a deserted tropical island populated by turtles, crabs and birds. Joana suffers from a double personality and is obsessed with Anna Karenina, the character from Tolstoy's novel. Embodying the myth of Narcissus, Anna K. is the image and resemblance of Joana, stronger and more seductive. A woman seeks atonement from the people she meets on her walk across the city. The seemingly normal life of orphan Shinta Mizumura changes abruptly when a beautiful half-human Romanian girl named Lilith suddenly transfers into his school. Shinta discovers that Lilith is actually a vampire -- and he is the last living vampire hunter. A resentful entity continued to reincarnate back to the Saha World in search for his lost love while fighting on a losing battle against the secret guardians of the underworld. Three friends celebrate a bachelor party. Their evening is full of surprises missed. This crazy night turns into a nightmare when they crash a young bride. Against all odds this accident will unleash the forces of evil. Nouk and Samuel are in love, young, over-possessive and clumsy. One day Nouk abruptly loses Samuel. He ends up in limbo. Will Nouk's crazy hope tear him away from the afterlife ? Christmas is supposed to be a time of joy, peace and goodwill. But for some folks in the small town of Bailey Downs, it turns into something much less festive. Japanes romantic crime-drama dealing with suicide epidemics 'Capital I' is an existential psychodrama revolving around a mysterious and unknown artist and depicting the transformation of mind of a young girl whereby she finds herself trapped in between realistic relationship and attractions and a strange relationship with her hallucinatory lesbian partner. The BFG is no ordinary bone-crunching giant. He is far too nice and jumbly. It's lucky for Sophie that he is. Had she been carried off in the middle of the night by the Bloodbottler, or any of the other giants--rather than the BFG--she would have soon become breakfast. When Sophie hears that the giants are flush-bunking off to England to swollomp a few nice little chiddlers, she decides she must stop them once and for all. And the BFG is going to help her! US-Documentary on Jackie Chan and Bruce Lee After a failed assassination attempt, a soldier finds himself stranded in the desert. Exposed to the elements, he must survive the dangers of the desert and battle the psychological and physical toll of the treacherous conditions. During the end of the world, two best friends walk around their city, talking about their sex lives, and one of them reveals they are still a virgin. Mallory, a depressive, pill-popping art student with a knee injury, must survive the night in her apartment when she is haunted by evil, malevolent beings. Or is it all just in her head? We were warned in an ancient Mayan prophecy that the 21st December 2012 would be the beginning of the end, but not how and where this new era would unveil itself. Until now. La Frequenza  Fantasma  (The Ghost Frequency) is a feature film that paints a non-hierarchical portrait of a crumbling village nestled on the mountains of Calabria, in the south of Italy. It is the story of a place suspended in time and space, a place of sounds, smells and numberless thresholds where the memory of a mythical past and the present are inextricably intertwined. It is an investigation into the nature of collective and personal history, into the origin and preservation of memory- how it is etched and perpetrated, both in the minds of the people who still live there, and in that of the soil, the ruins, matter itself. It is the story of the relationship between animate and inanimate matter, and of how this relationship turns into the motor and purpose of existence- a search for the sacred patterns of the quotidian within the rhythms of nature. Two siblings spend the night alone with their new stepmother. Stuck in a remote mountain cabin, the trio are terrorised by a supernatural force. Vampire death dealer Selene fends off brutal attacks from both the Lycan clan and the Vampire faction that betrayed her. With her only allies, David and his father Thomas, she must stop the eternal war between Lycans and Vampires, even if it means she has to make the ultimate sacrifice.  On their way back from a wild party, Arine and Nobahar cause a car accident. A mysterious stranger by the name of Toofan offers to cover the costs. This won't be the last time they'll cross his path over the course of the night. Finding their place between the forest and the sea, the Japanese have always felt awe and gratitude toward Nature. Since ancient times, they have negotiated their own unique relationship with their natural surroundings.  Acclaimed photographer Masa-aki Miyazawa discovered the essence of that ancient way of living in Ise Jingu, Japan's holiest Shinto shrine. Inspired by the idea of sending a message to the future in the same way this ancient shrine keeps alive the traditions of the past, Miyazawa used an ultra-high resolution 4K camera to create a breathtaking visual journey linking the Ise forest with other forests throughout Japan. Four desperate teenagers. A night of sexy mayhem. The big city. Or so the plan goes, until a series of misadventures later, Babai, Pele, Ria and Payal end up in a locked shopping mall in the dead of the night. Alone at last... until an old couple appears out of nowhere with a piece of folded leather and a glass container with two dice made of bone. A game. Simple, but deadly. They call it Ludo. A game defiled by a young couple centuries ago. An unbreakable curse, a living board, eons of bloodbath spanning the subcontinent. A game that has reached this city. Not just monsters, but prisoners of fate. Immortal lovers existing under a curse that will not die. They live within the game. Blood must spill. Bone must shatter. Beware the rattle of the Ludo dice. Three engineering students whose life takes a twist after meeting a mysterious man who teaches them the real meaning of life. A group of journalists are traveling through the different places and different times trying to solve historical mystery. Adam Manish is a bizarre young man who believes that some people are trying to kill him due to his special born gifts. Explore the mysterious and dangerous home of the king of the apes as a team of explorers ventures deep inside the treacherous, primordial island. The story of a heartbroken man who attends a spiritual retreat, only to discover that the course releases more than everyday toxins and traumatic experiences. Oraalppokkam [Six feet high] is a people funded independent Malayalam movie. This road movie has been shot in the tough terrains of Himalayas. PALI ROAD is a mysterious and thrilling journey in search for true love between two different worlds. Lily, a young doctor, wakes up from a car accident and discovers she is living a completely different life. Now married to her boyfriend's rival, Dr. Mitch Kayne, and a mother to a 5-year-old son, she has an established life she remembers nothing about.  Everyone around her denies that her boyfriend Neil ever existed. As Lily begins to doubt her own sanity, memories of Neil resurface, causing her to encounter unexplainable incidents. While desperately searching for the truth of her past life, she questions her entire existence; but in the end, she discovers the meaning of true love. Cal Zimmerman, a scientist, is questioned about an experiment he carried out two years ago. Back then, Abel, a man who is heavily invested in his career at the service of a scientific research laboratory, suddenly loses his wife and their only daughter. He is going through a dark period of grieving and loneliness when his world is suddenly turned upside down by the arrival of a child who is the looks very much like his daughter. Overwhelmed, he refuses to lose his mind and confronts this presence, learning how to get to know this girl. A young girl with a special gift comes of age during one of the most desolate periods in American history in this dark Dust Bowl fantasy inspired by Hans Christian Andersen's "The Little Mermaid." Flume first made headlines in 2012 with his self-titled debut album, a glitchy mix of R&B and ambient-leaning electronica that formed his signature sound. His remixes of hits by Lorde and Disclosure made him a global superstar. Here, the Australian DJ/producer lets fans in on the agonizing process of writing his second LP, 2016's Skin, a star-studded, mold-breaking album that won a GRAMMY(r) Award. Haunted by the murder of her politician husband 6 years ago, former police detective Joanne Kilbourn (Wendy Crewson) keeps looking for clues, with the help of her old partner (Victor Garber). When a prime suspect is caught, it looks as if the killer may finally be brought to justice ... but in a shocking turn of events, the suspect is gunned down as he's brought to the police station. Is there more to her husband's death than Joanne realized? Hibiscus (Suivai Pilisipi Autagavaia, from short film Manurewa) and the take no nonsense Ruth (Anna-Maree Thomas) have been friends since school. But now Hibiscus is in her final year of university, and her domineering mother doesn't want any boyfriends getting in the way; so Hibiscus enlists Ruth's help, to handle the temptations of a line of potential suitors. In the tradition of Grindhouse, Kill Bill and Sin City, award-winning comic book writer Ed Brubaker (Incognito, The Death of Captain America, Daredevil) teams up with stuntwoman-turned-cult star Zoe Bell (Death Proof, TV's "Lost") to deliver a stark, stylish pulp thriller about a very bad girl gone "good." An addict ex-politician whose life has spiraled out of control finds redemption when challenged with keeping his sister-in-law and niece alive during the apocalypse. Xandra, a rebellious vampire sets out on her own in pursuit of love and Rock 'N' Roll, but there is no escape from the long arms of the coven. Animation that illustrates five of Augusto Monterroso's fables. As they approach the end of childhood, three elementary school kids must brave the woods on Halloween to face a monster born from their nightmares. A couple decide to open a home for refuges in the remote cold mountains of Norway. One wild and tumultuous summer in the life of young Jude Traynor as he attempts to navigate his way through a life of delinquency and petty crime. A brother does what he can to save his sister as a group of mercenaries try to take control of their space craft. God lives in Brussels. On earth though, God is a coward, with pathetical morals and being odious with his family. His daughter, Ea, is bored at home and can't stand being locked up in a small apartment in ordinary Brussels, until the day she decides to revolt against her dad... The "Academy Island Incident" in which four "kings" cross paths... Since then, Silver Clansmen Kuroh Yatogami and Neko have been searching for their master, Shiro. Without finding any clues to Shiro's whereabouts, the two became disheartened. However, one day, they see HOMRA members Rikio Kamamoto and Anna Kushina being chased by someone. Serbian legend Marko Kraljevic goes on a journey to stop evil Turkish pasha harrassing Serbian people, especially women. He fights his foes, such as Musa Kesedzija, in company of his talking horse Sarac, Ravijojla the Fairy and others. Ramesh (Githan ramesh) son of Manivannan and Saranya. Manivannan is the leading Ad-Film maker. Karupa (Karunaas) and other friends stay in Ramesh's house as paying guests. Ramesh's parents treat them as their own. Manivannan and Saranya desperately want their son to fall in love and get married. Ramesh prefers arranged marriage.A mutual friend of Ramesh and Karunaas is getting a fixed marriage. Along with Karunaas, Ramesh goes to their friend's village to attend the marriage. On the way there he dreams he meets a beautiful girl, but also that his friend would die in an accident.... Modern-day urban problems like unemployment and teenage depression come under the microscope. Husband and wife lose their jobs, and their daughter is under considerable stress studying for her college exams. Meanwhile, grandmother is having an unexpected romantic liaison. Will the family be able to pull together to solve their problems? Ruby Strangelove Young Witch: When Ruby, a young witch discovers her long lost mother was abducted by evil forces she sets out to use all her magical powers to get her back. Internet cafes and slackers, not-so-innocent schoolgirls and amateur porn using Google Glass: things in Lima, the Peruvian capital, are pretty similar to contemporary reality, virtual or otherwise, in the rest of the world. Cinema meets digital psychedelia. A woman is forced to confront her past when her nine-year-old sister runs away after discovering a family secret. BAILIWICK is the story of John, a lonely, quiet man who is given a magical gift that changes his life. Do you like magic? Bailiwick is not officially rated but the director suggests a PG-13 rating for language and violence.  Blaise Dietz (Patty Duke Astin) plays the wife of police officer Blaise Dietz (Frederic Forrest), who wants to join a special investigative unit. Forrest is denied this position on the basis of information concerning his wife. The information, which reveals a dicey extramarital affair, was culled from a department surveillance file that was supposed to have been destroyed by court order. Blaise battles through legal channels to expose the police force's illegal actions, even as she and her husband suffer the innuendoes and cold shoulders from his fellow officers. A soldier who once saved the entire country is assigned to guard a genius child whose intellect is needed to foil the plans of an evil villain. A newly appointed cemetery chairman believes that, merely by inserting a black plot-marking pin into a wall-sized map of the cemetery, he can cause the deaths of that plot's owner. The story follows a group of birds on a journey where they try to find a better life for themselves and the ones they love. Kevin McCallister's parents have split up. Now living with his mom, he decides to spend Christmas with his dad at the mansion of his father's rich girlfriend, Natalie. Meanwhile robber Marv Merchants, one of the villains from the first two movies, partners up with a new criminal named Vera to hit Natalie's mansion. Two teenage yoga enthusiasts team up with a legendary man-hunter to battle with an ancient evil presence that is threatening their major party plans. A horror comedy based on the ancient legend about a pagan creature who punishes children on Christmas. 4 shorts from French Directors, working in the tradition of Grand Guignol, set in Tokyo. Stories about a man repeating a bloody day running from the Yakuza; a woman's violent encounter with her mirror image; a woman and her lasergun fighting of a shadowy demon; and a man being cursed by the famous Hachi-statue to become a werewolf pining for a prostitue. This film is the chronicle of an imaginary, symbolic cruise to discover Europe, from the age of Greek mythology to the present day. Tracing the story from the enthusiasm of the founding fathers at the end of the Second World War to its present difficulties, the ship EUROPE battles hell and high water to affirm and fight for its existence. Debra Winger, Oris Erhuero and Idris Elba star in this drama framed by the Rwandan genocide. Middle-aged suburban husband Richard abruptly tells his wife, Maria, that he wants a divorce. As Richard takes up with a younger woman, Maria enjoys a night on the town with her friends and meets a younger man. As the couple and those around them confront a seemingly futile search for what they've lost -- love, excitement, passion -- this classic American independent film explores themes of aging and alienation. Filmmaker Gregory Alsbury's fascinating series brings you face to face with the science world's latest theories on consciousness, covering in-depth discussions with 20 scientists on topics as diverse as neurobiology, philosophy, metaphysics, dreaming and causation. All the questions you ever had about your identity, your mind, your place in the universe and more are addressed in this unique journey into the realms of interior human existence. Tacoma writer/director/photographer/editor/animator Isaac Olsen's expressionistic art film follows the exploits of an elusive "creature boy" who terrorizes a rural German township. This creature, naive but murderous, spends his days lurking in the woods and satisfying his lust for human flesh as an inspector from Frankfurt sets out to hunt him down. Olsen employs a visual cornucopia of moods, textures, and themes with miniatures, animation, water tank photography, and other techniques. With an international cast of non-actors speaking in German with English subtitles, this mostly black-and-white nod to German expressionism moves closer to the field of abstraction and transforms a simple narrative into a true sensory experience.  St. Agatha is set in the 1950s in small town Georgia. A pregnant con woman named Agatha is on the run and seeks refuge in a convent hidden in deafening isolation. What first starts out as the perfect place to have a child turns into a dark lair where silence is forced. Ghastly secrets are masked, and every bit of will power Agatha has is tested. She soon learns the sick and twisted truth of the convent and the odd people that lurk inside its halls. Agatha must now find a way to discover the unyielding strength needed to escape and save her baby before she's caged behind these walls forever. While we follow the turbulent life and adventures of Aleksa, 13 year orphan, and his best boarding school friends Gordan, Maya and Vlada Grak, we learn that old and greedy villain Jovica Vuk find out that Aleksa is capable of seeing and finding the group of medieval knights called Zlodolci. They are the keepers of silver secret that enables them to protect, heal and revive those who deserve and therefore, they are capable of changing the course of the history. Jovica Vuk who misused the power to heal passed on him by his father, wants to take over their secret and secure himself the immortality. He tricks Aleksa to led him to them, but fortunately, Aleksa see through his plan. But, is it too late? Will Aleksa and his friends, although still kids, prevail in the final clash and defeat the powerful forces of evil? A man's mysterious encounter with divine intervention that leads him to discover his true destiny. Biopic: the last year or so in the life of Felipe Carrillo Puerto, Governor of Yucatan in the early 1920s. Battle Oasis is the story of Motega, an indigenous being of the planet known as Kitri. Calvin is a young novelist who achieved phenomenal success early in his career but is now struggling with his writing - as well as his romantic life. Finally, he makes a breakthrough and creates a character named Ruby who inspires him. When Calvin finds Ruby, in the flesh, sitting on his couch about a week later, he is completely flabbergasted that his words have turned into a living, breathing person. Priye and Tinuke had a few months of a blissful marriage until Priye suddenly starts exhibiting strings of uncharacteristic behaviour. Tinuke takes on drastic measures to help cope. On a prom-night dare, a trio of high school friends chant an incantation, unleashing an evil spirit from the past with deadly consequences. The film can be described as an Alice in Wonderland- inspired saga. In the film we meet Josef, a young Afro-Swede in high school who, during a lesson, ends up in a dream world where he travels in time and meets people who contributed to the perception of racism in Sweden. The film addresses the consequences of his journey when racist classmates decide to take revenge as his new-found knowledge is seen a betrayal of the Sweden they know. The film also depicts how ethnic Swedes have been subjected to racism as well as how people in Sweden have worked against racism. The film is unique in addressing the less known parts of Swedish history. The main purpose is to demonstrate that it is possible to stop hate crimes through increased knowledge and that it is up to the individual to stand up for what is right. Bruno Hamel is a thirty eight year old surgeon. He lives in Drummondville with his wife Sylvie, and their eight year-old daughter Jasmine. Like many happy people, he is leading an uneventful life until a beautiful fall afternoon, when his daughter is raped and murdered. From then on, the world of the Hamel family collapses. When the murderer is arrested, a terrible project germinates in Bruno's darkened mind. He plans to capture the "monster" and make him pay for his crime. The day the murderer appears in Court, Hamel, who had prepared his plan in great detail, kidnaps the monster and later sends the police a brief message stating that the rapist and murderer of his daughter was going to be tortured for 7 days and then executed. Once this task accomplished, he will then give himself up. The season turns to autumn. The fight of the protagonist and his group S.E.E.S. with the strange monsters called 'Shadows' is getting closer to the end. Makoto and his allies engage in life-or-death battles with Shadows in order to end the Dark Hour. Through the battles, some must face the deaths of friends and family, some must notice what precious things must be protected, and some must find meaning in the battles that have occurred.  In front of Makoto, the mysterious transfer student Ryouji Mochizuki appears. When the group greets a new morning, the gears of fate begin to turn. A fight revolving around each of the heroes' bonds begins... A young man mourning the loss of his fiancee gets mixed up with a mysterious organization that gives him an offer he can't refuse. Down the Yellow Brick Road. The Firpo Brothers can get away with anything. They just can't get away! Three different stories Smriti (Memories), Satwa (Soul) and Bhobiswot (Future) get interwoven in one complex plot, creating a world of illusion. My Brother's Shoes - one zany comedy when brothers - one gay and one straight - magically switch places! A full feature film production of R&R Stage and Screen, LLC. Family is everything - but just how far will these two brothers go? Medieval Europe: Father Christmas is a fading memory, after Christmas hasn't come for several years.  A young orphan girl, Ayden, receives a magic crystal from a dying elf, with a warning that the North has lost its magic, and that she alone can save Christmas.  Ayden and her orphan friends begin a perilous journey and must escape dragons, goblins, bandits, ogres, and other fantasy creatures as they team up with Airk, the wayward son of Father Christmas, to return a stolen Christmas orb to the North.  When Santa's magic cannot overpower the growing Snarl (an evil forest with tentacle branches), Ayden and Airk must deliver Christmas on a sleigh pulled by a young dragon, fulfilling Christmas wishes for children to restore Santa's magic and save Christmas. It is an action-adventure-romance laced superhero vigilante film that transcends both folklore and present day. It is based on the legend of a man who took upon himself to protect the common man against oppression and injustice. THE DIONTI FAMILY is a lyrical family drama, infused with magic realism, about a father and the two sons he is bringing up alone. It depicts a striking part of the Brazilian countryside, rarely seen in cinema and tells a universally engaging tale about first love, loss and personal transformation. The Heroes of Destiny have taken on the task of protecting Mexico from danger. A new batch of recruits start their trials to see if they can join. Meanwhile an old enemy seeks out vengeance at a dark place. Can destiny prevail? Santa is allergic to cats, so he has a policy against delivering them as gifts, but little Tommy has been SO good, and all he wants is one small kitty. Santa says OK, but instead of one, the whole litter climbs into the sack. When Santa has a major allergic reaction, the kittens have to take over and deliver the presents on time. In the early 1900s, a wealthy alchemist, Jacques St. Germaine travels to New Orleans to seek help from the legendary voodoo priestess, Marie Laveau. When multiple murders are uncovered, Jacques and the quarreling locals butt heads as they try to discover the identity of the killer. Featuring a cast of characters pulled from actual police reports, Dinner With the Alchemist weaves historical fact and imaginative storytelling into a mysterious supernatural drama. In a dry and dusty post-apocalyptic world, two wayfarers wander aimlessly until Leif finds a copy of The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. Using the world around him to interpret what he reads, Leif allows the book to challenge the beliefs, friendship, and even the very survival of these two divergent travelers. Samuel Salomon, a literature professor, has been off work for almost a year after the tragic death of his girlfriend. Samuel has been suffering from a recurring nightmare in which a woman is brutally murdered in a strange ritual. Suddenly, the same woman who appears every night in his dreams is found dead in exactly the same circumstances. Samuel sneaks into the crime scene and there he meets Rachel who has also dreamed about the murder. Together, they will do whatever they can to discover the identity of the mystery woman, entering a terrifying world controlled by the figures who have inspired artists throughout time: the Muses. A look at the dumber side of technology. The world is closing in on Greta Driscoll. On the cusp of turning fifteen she can't bear to leave her childhood, it contains all the things that give her comfort in this incomprehensible new world. She floats in a bubble of loserdom with her only friend Elliott, until her parents throw her a surprise 15th birthday party and she's flung into a parallel place; a world that's weirdly erotic, a little bit violent and thoroughly ludicrous - only there can she find herself. A Pakistani involved in a planned attack in New York City experiences a crisis of conscience. Mimi-chan is a 17-year-old high school student and she lives with her parents in Asagaya, Tokyo. While walking home from school, Mimi-chan is hit by a lightning and meets Raijin Ra San (God of Lightning). Through Raijin Ra San, she also meets 7 other Gods. Mimi-chan soon undertakes an adventure to find something lost by her grandmother. College freshman Si-ying gets a part-time job at "Cafe. Waiting. Love" coffee shop, where she befriends Abusi, a tomboyish barista who can make any coffee the customers request, the beautiful and mysterious cafe owner, and Zeyu, the boy who always sits in the same spot in the cafe who seems to be very popular with girls and on whom Si-ying develops an instant crush. Two siblings discover a supernatural escape from a troubled home, but find their bond tested when reality threatens to tear their family apart. A mother and her 10-year old daughter are trapped in a forest. There is something in this forest. Something unlike anything they have heard before. Something that lurks in the darkness and it's coming after them. Tommy Silver stands trial in an epic musical fantasy where he must reckon with the guilt of his mother's death before it destroys him and the one he loves. Part nightmare, part daydream - as if Kafka and Gondry made a musical. Drama, Fantasy, Two brothers return to the cult they fled from years ago to discover that the group's beliefs may be more sane than they once thought. A lonely girl befriend a witch in the woods who has alter motives in this adult fairy tale. After she spends all her money, an evil enchantress queen schemes to marry a handsome, wealthy prince. There's just one problem - he's in love with a beautiful princess, Snow White. Now, joined by seven rebellious dwarves, Snow White launches an epic battle of good vs. evil... A group of grad students have booked passage on the fishing trawler Harbinger to study the effects of global warming on a pod of Orcas in the Bering Sea. When the ship's crew dredges up a recently thawed piece of old Soviet space wreckage, things get downright deadly. It seems that the Russians experimented with tardigrades, tiny resilient animals able to withstand the extremes of space radiation. The creatures survived, but not without mutation. Now the crew is exposed to aggressively mutating organisms. And after being locked in ice for 3 decades, the creatures aren't about to give up the warmth of human companionship. Handsome but backward gardener Tim Melville has a new woman in his life. She is Mary, his widowed employer, a woman who had given up on love until she had found Tim. At first they are friends. But soon they become lovers, as Mary, drawn to Tim's innocence and magnetism, begins to teach him all about life - and love. Pro wrestling legend Steve Austin stars as a man with no name, no memory and absolutely nothing left to lose. But when he finds himself hunted by both the FBI and the Russian mob, this amnesiac decides to fight back. Pursuit cannot stop him. Torture will not break him. And with every beating, bullet and betrayal, he'll remember another piece of the horror that took away his career, his family and his identity. Now the puzzle is nearly complete, and one man is about to take back his past...by ending a whole lot of futures. Erica Cerra ("Eureka") and Adam Beach (Flags of Our Fathers) star in this explosive action-thriller about collateral damage, stone cold vengeance, and a double-crossed killing machine known only as The Stranger When an ambitious ghost hunter performs a risky ritual, opening a portal to "the other side", he and his team quickly find themselves way in over their heads in a fight for survival against an ancient demonic force. Eric and Patrice have been friends since high school. Over the years, they have both taken very different paths: Eric has become a hedonist, has a string of girlfriends and is always on the look out for a new one; Patrice has become a monogamous father with a very ordered life. After a drunken evening, the two childhood friends find themselves cast back into 1986, when they were 17 years old. This return to the past is a dream opportunity to try to change the path their lives will take. What will they do with this second chance? Four battle-weary Crusaders take on a mission to track down the evil predator who has abducted all the men and children from a devastated village. All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) is one of the toughest med schools in the world (with an acceptance rate of less than 0.1%). After a student gets involved in a violent accident on campus, a film maker goes undercover at AIIMS to investigate the rising incidents of violence amongst the best minds of the nation. Four med students agree to be filmed for a year as part of this observational experiment. Through their personal journeys within these celebrated hallways of excellence- we enter a ruthless world of ambition and competition, where only the toughest can survive. Those who pass through must battle monsters- both within and without. This colorful adventure tells the story of an impetuous mermaid princess named Ariel who falls in love with the very human Prince Eric and puts everything on the line for the chance to be with him. Memorable songs and characters -- including the villainous sea witch Ursula. When three college students move into an old house off campus, they unwittingly unleash a supernatural entity known as The Bye Bye Man, who comes to prey upon them once they discover his name. The friends must try to save each other, all the while keeping The Bye Bye Man's existence a secret to save others from the same deadly fate. Alone on a tiny deserted island, Hank has given up all hope of ever making it home again. But one day everything changes when a dead body washes ashore, and he soon realizes it may be his last opportunity to escape certain death. Armed with his new "friend" and an unusual bag of tricks, the duo go on an epic adventure to bring Hank back to the woman of his dreams. Harry Potter has lived under the stairs at his aunt and uncle's house his whole life. But on his 11th birthday, he learns he's a powerful wizard -- with a place waiting for him at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. As he learns to harness his newfound powers with the help of the school's kindly headmaster, Harry uncovers the truth about his parents' deaths -- and about the villain who's to blame. Set in a parallel universe entering a black hole, a woman reading the book of Revelation has visions of regeneration during Anthropocene. A man gets more than he bargained for in a nightclub when he attracts the attention of two female vampires. Penny is plunged into an upside-down world in search of a father she's never met, only to discover a dark secret that will change her life forever. A postman learns that he doesn't have much time left to live due to a terminal illness. A devil then appears in front of him and offers to extend his life if he picks something in the world that will disappear. The man thinks about his relationships with ex-friends, ex-lovers, relatives and colleagues who will be sincerely sad when he dies. It is the beginning of the 9th century in south-eastern Europe, plagued by political turmoil. A young Slav named Ivan finds himself in the midst of a conflict that has been raging since the dawn of time, traveling without hope of ever avenging the death of his parents. In 1950, amidst the ravages of the Korean War, Sergeant Suleyman stumbles upon a a half-frozen little girl, with no parents and no help in sight. Frantic, scared and on the verge of death, this little girl captures the heart of Suleyman, who risks his own life to save her, smuggling her into his Army base and out of harms way. Not knowing her name and unable to communicate with her, Suleyman names her Ayla, in reminiscence of the moon on the fateful night during which they met. The two form an instantaneous and inseparable bond, and Ayla, almost effortlessly, brings an uncanny joy to the Turkish brigade in the grip of war. As the war comes to a close however, Suleyman's brigade is told that they will be returning home. Suleyman cannot bear abandoning Ayla, and does everything within his power to take her with him. After repeated failure, he is forced to give Ayla to an orphanage, but doesn't give up on the hope of one day reuniting with her. Will the two ever get back together? An aging artist discovers that his seemingly perfect suburban life is actually a prison conjured by unknown forces. In the midst of the wedding princess Miroslava is kidnapped by a dragon and carried away into his castle on the remote island. Mira left everything behind in the past - family, friends and groom. Now the only things she had were a stone cage and a mysterious young man named Arman ... but who is he and what is he doing on that island? Miroslava will know the truth too late: loving a dragon will reveal the bitter truth - love is scary. "Romeo's Distress" is a Weird, Shakespearean, Gothic, Horror-Thriller that tells a story of a boy name James, his unrequited love for a girl named Jane, and her father's sadistic (yet dutiful) response to it all. Yoddha The Warrior is the story of a warrior who rises to revenge wrongdoers, with Rahul Dev essaying the role of a antagonist. The story of the Arthurian legend, based on the 'Sarmatian hypothesis' which contends that the legend has a historical nucleus in the Sarmatian heavy cavalry troops stationed in Britain, and that the Roman-British military commander, Lucius Artorius Castus is the historical person behind the legend. A classic werewolf flick with an amphibious twist; it's a race against time to find the antidote when a girl is attacked and infected by an amphibious monster. Juliette, a lone survivor of an apocalyptic era, fights to survive against hunger, thirst, a broken leg and strange disturbing creatures that only comes out at nighttime. A fairytale about a grand life journey of a 10-year old boy Savva devoted to help his Mom and fellow village people to break free from the vicious hyenas. The Return Of Sardaarji is a 2016 Punjabi film directed by Rohit Jugraj and starring Diljit Dosanjh and Sonam Bajwa in lead roles,The film will be released on 24 June 2016.  Scholars debate whether the Star of Bethlehem is a legend created by the early church or a miracle that marked the advent of Christ. Is it possible that the star was a real, astronomical event? From Producer Stephen McEveety (The Passion of the Christ) comes an amazing documentary on the Star of Bethlehem. "After walking out of her wedding for a sandwich, Beatrice decides to take a rest at the Stratford Home for Rest and Rehabilitation. Beatrice soon realizes that if she wants to get out, she'll need a plan and the help of her unusual cohorts. An award-wining feature length comedy inspired by the women of Shakespeare." When Alvin's ceiling begins oozing sticky brown sludge, he finds a peculiar escape from his sheltered existence Various stories are connected under the theme of fantasy and desire and start a fantastic experience that leads all to one universe. When the daughter of the Sun and the Moon is stolen, desperate parents call people to get their baby back. Helpers are given only three days: if at that time, the Sun's daughter will not be found, she will lose her strength and become an ordinary girl. A journey of danger and adventure, which teaches everyone not only to be brave and resourceful, but also helpful. The Latvian animated film is based on folklore motifs. Nina Maria Azara is the beautiful and alluring singing spy for Spain during the Napoleonic Wars. Her mission is to seduce French Officers, in order for them to reveal Napolean's intentions toward Spain. She is sent to Bayonne, France to gather military secrets. Prior to this, she meets, Don Diego while performing at a club. Unknown to her, Don Diego is actually Captain Andre, who is sent to Spain to spy on her. While in France, Nina discovers Diego's true identity, only after she has fallen in love with him. Nina Maria outwits her potential captors and returns to Spain, and goes into hiding. Napoleon's troops invade Spain, resulting in Nina's capture. In a strange twist of fate, Nina and Captain Andre are reunited, but, the 2 nations are now at war... Written by Kelly Iconic surfer Kassia Meador blurs the line between surfer, artist & performer. A creative & captivating cinematic masterpiece, combing an epic soundscape and stunning cinematography from Scott Soens & the late Sonny Miller. COMIX is a feature documentary on comic books, the comic book world, and the phenomenon surrounding them. It is told through the thoughts and images of some of the greatest talent in the comic book industry like Stan Lee, Frank Miller, Neal Adams, Mark Waid, Marc Silvestri, and John Romita Jr., among many others. COMIX also has tons of interviews with the fans, many in full costumes, as they share their love for the art form, and who have made comics the phenomenon that it is today. Thomas Kaiser inherits an ancestral mansion that has been in his family for generations -- only to learn that he has also inherited an ancient curse stemming back to the Crusades. Forced into his new role as "protector" -- the guardian appointed to keep the evil demons in the house at bay -- Thomas teams with an ambitious local realtor and paranormal cleric to unravel the mystery of the house, while struggling to awaken the beautiful Briar Rose, held captive in a terrifying netherworld seen previously in his dreams.  Gellert Grindelwald has escaped imprisonment and has begun gathering followers to his cause--elevating wizards above all non-magical beings. The only one capable of putting a stop to him is the wizard he once called his closest friend, Albus Dumbledore. However, Dumbledore will need to seek help from the wizard who had thwarted Grindelwald once before, his former student Newt Scamander, who agrees to help, unaware of the dangers that lie ahead. Lines are drawn as love and loyalty are tested, even among the truest friends and family, in an increasingly divided wizarding world. 16 years old Shlomi lives with his restless mother, his soldier brother and their ill grandfather. Although not doing well in school, Shlomi is a gifted cook and takes care of most household chores. One day, the school's principal finds out Shlomi is actually a genius and tries to get him into a more suitable curriculum. However, Shlomi is more interested in taking care of his family and his new love interest, the beautiful girl next door. Sandra, a private investigator on maternity leave is disturbed by Jenny, her own assistant to meet Olga, a Russian expat whose son is missing. Little do they know that they will have to venture into one of the most sinister stories that a little island like Malta has to tell. Kurt, Olga's son, is not the only person missing. A mysterious man is breeding worms inside their bodies, the most atrocious way. Miles Cullen, a bored teller at a small bank in a large Toronto shopping mall, accidentally learns that his place of business is about to be robbed when he finds a discarded hold up note on one of the bank's counters. Instead of informing the police, he enters a game of cat-and-mouse with the would-be robber. Long before Columbus, Viking explorers claimed the state of Minnesota. And the nice folks who live there have the ancient artifacts to prove it. LOST CONQUEST is a deconstructionist documentary about why we believe the things we believe. With swords. La India Maria must find at all costs in the recesses of a mountain the Magic Black Mirror of Tezcatlipoca, since the spirit of his great-grandfather Moctezuma II ordered her to find it in to prevent the destruction of Mexico. Alonso, a sexy Spanish archaeologist, Bianchi, a cheater looking treasures and Bridget Troncoso - an ambitious governor, are aware of the existence of such mirror, of the mysterious treasure of Moctezuma and of Maria, so all undertake a frantic chase after her to seize the magic crystal and the gold. Greta's dad Tom is moving the family cross-country in a dented station wagon, promising a California paradise to his kids. All that's missing is Mom. Seventeen-year-old Shiori's Gothic Lolita garb attracts a lot of fans to her interactive video blog, a stepping stone she hopes will launch her career as a model and actress. One day while handing out promotional pamphlets, she meets Ayumi, a timid 13-year old who is in awe of her and her wardrobe. Shiori is initially wary of the attention but takes pleasure in being idolized, and eventually allows the girl to get closer. Ayumi's growing infatuation becomes difficult to disguise, and their odd friendship takes an unforeseen turn after Ayumi runs away from home and quietly begins to infiltrate Shiori's life and relationship with her boyfriend. Mr. Choade, the director of The House of Choade, a Grand Guignol theatre, has made an evil bargain with the Medicine Man, who has promised to help him make an artistic leap. A young girl, Linda, who has just been released from a mental hospital, gets a job performing at the House of Choade and becomes embroiled in these machinations. Linda's ex-girlfriend Roxy re-connects with her and attempts to save her. This film, a dark comedy by first time director James Habacker, was shot in Manhattan and features many luminaries from the downtown performance art scene centered around the Slipper Room. This film chronicles the life of Lane Frost, 1987 PRCA Bull Riding World Champion, his marriage and his friendships with Tuff Hedeman (three-time World Champion) and Cody Lambert. When their computer hacker friend accidentally channels a mysterious wireless signal, a group of co-eds rally to stop a terrifying evil from taking over the world. Thrown together under incredible circumstances, two strangers must discover courage and strength when they begin a journey across the treacherous African desert! Equipped only with their wits and the expertise of a native bushman who befriends them, they are determined to triumph over impossible odds and reach their destination. But along the way, the trio face a primitive desert wilderness. A documentary investigation on the rarest and most controversial French movie in the history of early cinema: a fascinating, lost and dangerous short film which causes violent reactions to those who watch it. Follow three individuals who served on the jury for one of San Francisco's most high profile serial killer cases. Now someone, or something, is killing them off one by one. For two decades, Hollywood psychic Kioma Son has lived apart from her destiny. This night, she meets a tall dark stranger and everything changes - Forever. A huge bird swoops down and kidnaps Princess Indumati. The army's scoured the whole area and the neighboring kingdoms but there's no trace of Princess Indumati. The only thing Bheem finds was strange bird-feathers from the land of Incas. Bheem and team starts searching in the forests of Mexico where Dholu-Bholu fall off into a river. Bheem and others jump in to save them but are soon carried off by the rivers currents to the shores of a desolate valley. The valley is covered with heaps and heaps of ashes all around one such mound lie near the princess bangles. The sun rises and the mounds of ashes takes the shape of humans. The Incas where they meet Princess Indumati. A film by Star Blasting comic book artist Bill Hughes. In the future of our dreams, there lurks a villain from our nightmares. Matt Mercury and his Rocket Rangers encounter a mutant super-genius, called Professor Brainwave, who is on a mission to steal the Earth. Brainwave is from a mysterious region of space, known as the Alpha Zone and he is under the control of a giant one-eyed brain called the Galactic Mastermind. Mercury is more concerned about the affections of his half human, half house cat girlfriend, Mulkress Dunner. Pressure builds on Mercury when Mulkress is kidnapped, along with the Earth. Will Dr. Syfer's robotic Lima Beans save the day? Can a cranky robot, an ape scientist, an inarticulate Cyclops, a molten man in an iron mask, a self-absorbed battleship Captain, an eight-year-old boy or a disaffected girl side-kick do any better? Will Matt, see justice prevail... or at least get a call back from his girlfriend? Mizuki's husband Yusuke went missing for 3 years. He suddenly comes back home one day and asks Mizuki to go on a trip with him. Their trip consists of visiting the people that helped Yusuke on his previous travel. While travelling together, Misuki sees, touches and feels what Yusuke did for those 3 years. Adolf Hitler wakes up in a vacant lot in Berlin, with no knowledge of anything that happened after 1945. Homeless and destitute. Although everyone recognizes him, nobody believes that he is Hitler; instead, they think he is either a comedian, or a method actor. During the US Civil War, Union POWs escape in a balloon and end up stranded on a South Pacific island, inhabited by giant plants and animals. They must use their ingenuity to survive the dangers, and to devise a way to return home. Sequel to '20,000 Leagues Under the Sea' . Documentarian Karen Cruz profiles eight key players in the Magic: The Gathering scene on its twentieth anniversary in Denver, CO. One of the original fantasy collective card games, Magic has millions of players worldwide and is considered one of the most successful card games of all time. Tom goes peeping. An embarrassing video of Anthony surfaces online right before his fifth high school reunion. The Smosh dudes then race to pull down the clip before it blows Anthony's chances of reconnecting with his teen crush Anna. Four childhood friends are reunited when one of them surfaces after twenty years, forcing them to confront a creature straight out of a spine-chilling Moroccan legend. An automated girl and tortoise warrior journey with a band of outlaws on an incredible quest. Their one hope is to find a legendary relic to defeat a sinister mechanized army and save the creatures of their world. A brother does what he can to save his sister as a group of mercenaries try to take control of their space craft. Once you experience a total solar eclipse, it changes you. TELLING TALES is about the failing marriage of an industrialist and his wife, about the industrialist's wish to sell his company to a colleague, Paul Roberts, and about the terminally ill wife of Paul, Ingrid. It is also about the shop steward organising a strike at Paul's factory that jeopardises the deal with the industrialist, and about the wife of the shop steward, who happens to clean and cook for the industrialist. A network of intertwined tales told in different ways, and for very different motives, by the main protagonists. The legendary King Wiglaf must assemble the most unlikely team to find The Taker's crown of power before Tome, the Titan thief, claims it and brings destruction upon humanity.  A documentary about Night Mayors. What drives them? From sunset to sunrise, the film shows how important these 'mayors' are for the nightlife of the city. Ancient esoteric artefact of Celtic origin, witnessed of the passing of the ages between the mountains and fulcrum of the articulated plot, the Gorchlach will lead the two protagonists Guglielmo Corsaris (Federico Mariotti) and Rachel Blackwood (Alice Lussiana Parente) into a journey that will take them to discover secrets hidden for centuries and only considered as legends. Inspired by the first girl he ever loved, Eric Chaney's magnetic debut film introduces us to Mark and Christina, a girl as mysterious as she is candid, as aloof as she is available. In one pastoral hometown summer, they spiral around one another in a universe of coincident deaths and disappearances, falling slowly into and away from love. A quiet young boy struggling with the loss of his parents and the broken relationship with his older sister, finds comfort in the friendship of a giant that lives in the forest near his home.  Three beautiful, vengeful witches awakened by an ancient book, the Necronomicon, bring production of a film in their old family home to a deadly halt. Vera and Nikita have been married for 3 years. In the midst of another joyful quarrel they exchange views on what should be a "normal man" and "a good wife." And the next morning ... everyone wakes up with a "perfect half." Nikita has a blonde wife blonde, which is a good cook; Vera has a caring husband, a businessman, he buys her favorite breakfast croissants. With whom is life better? Be careful with your dreams - sometimes they come true! Lee Philips tries to sue Warner Bros. for mis-representation.  Lonely toymaker Geppetto has his wishes answered when the Blue Fairy arrives to bring his wooden puppet Pinocchio to life. Before becoming a real boy, however, Pinocchio must prove he's worthy as he sets off on an adventure with his whistling sidekick and conscience, Jiminy Cricket. Before the church. Before the Gospels. Before the word Christian. There were the Apostles. This is their story.  In the Secret Lives Of The Apostles, meet the 12 men who transformed Christianity from humble beginnings to a major world movement.  They braved persecution, imprisonment and even crucifixion to convert their contemporaries.  But how did this humble band of insurgents set in motion events that ultimately convinced thousands to believe that Jesus was their messiah? The journey of a woman scientist who, at the end of times, discovers that true Faith can bring Miracles. A sleepy English village is invaded by the cast and crew of a new zombie horror film, but the horror turns real when someone or something starts tearing villagers, cast and crew to shreds. The Pilliga Yowie, - or 'Jingra' - has haunted the Australian outback for centuries, stalking a remote part of New South Wales, where men seldom dare tread, content to keep to itself... until now. Blokish truck driver Jay and his cameraman buddy Dylan journey into the PIlliga National Park with Liz and Tammy, two good time girls they meet in a pub. Things take a sinister turn when a local legend comes out to play - complete with big teeth, sharp claws and a craving for human flesh! Documentary film. Peace Haven is the story of three friends in their 70's who journey to build a mortuary for themselves and in the process discover the meaning of life ironically through death. A gunslinger, a vengeful ex-slave, and a runaway board a midnight train to Atlanta. They discover that the train is haunted by a sinister force, and must fight to survive the night. Eren leaves to restore a break in the wall destroyed by a Titan. He comes under attack by the Titans and is cornered. Shikishima comes to his aid. The titans never stops attacking.  Eren is now injured and tries to protect Armin, but is swallowed by a titan. A Titan with black hair appears and begins to expel the other titans. A collage inspired by Freud.  Hans has killed the dog of Firmin, a shepherd. Wild with rage, Firmin kidnaps Elsi, Hans' fiancee and locks her up at his home. Hans, a peddler, vows to find the missing girl. This is what he does and he manages, with the help of Manu, the village idiot, to give Elsi a letter. On seeing her, the changeling falls in love at first sight with the young woman. Elsi soon realizes that Manu can become her instrument of vengeance. A seductive teen befriends an introverted high school student and schemes her way into the lives of her wealthy family.  Kiira seems like an ordinary young girl, who likes to talk with her friends and to dress up. Her ultimate goal is to become the world's best baker, but what differentiates her from others is that she is a vampire. She has never told anyone her secret, including her childhood friend Tetsu, whom she played with everyday and liked as a child. After her parents died when Kiira was only 12-years-old, she had to go live with her relatives and lost contact with Tetsu.  Now, 8 years later, Tetsu appears at the bakery where Kiira is working part-time. Kiira is ecstatic to see her first love again. Soon, they are dating and Kiira dreams of having a family with Tetsu. Kiira also becomes filled with worries because she is vampire. After moving into a cottage together, two young lovers confront horrors of a forgotten childhood. The story of Magic Train was based on a girl called Lin Lin, who was an American Born Chinese and brought up overseas. During her trip to China on a traveling train, she had experienced series of amazing things from what she saw in China. The film was particularly concerned about different aspect of artistic levels. From the unique style and technique of animation, the film had shown the humanistic feelings from the combination of Chinese traditional cultural and modern life. It also had a lot of entertainment and artistic affection, too. Away from home, living alone in an old and gloomy apartment, Perola feels the effects of the time passing, being increasingly taken by nostalgia and fear to a point where dream, fantasy and reality lose its borders. Gopala Rao, an atheist, finds himself in the midst of crises. When Govinda Hari enters his home, Rao's life changes in miraculous ways. In the Philippine remake of the 2014 South Korean film of the same name, an elderly woman in her 70s suddenly finds herself to be in her 20s after having her picture taken in a mysterious photo studio. A paranormal adventure story told through still image photography and audio. After a shallow womanizer refuses a mysterious homeless woman's request for a kiss, he wakes up the next morning to discover he's been changed into a woman. Make a self-portrait in the form of a short film, but never show your face. Those were the guidelines. Three teenagers go visit a friend at his old farmhouse for the weekend. What they didn't expect was to be stuck in the middle of a centenary war between good and evil.  Nirbaak is a hyperlink narrative comprising four love stories connected by a single woman. Every love story comprises one entity which is silent and thus Nirbaak (Speechless) In this MGM Colortone Musical short, a department store custodian who overindulges in drink sees the mannequins in the store's display windows come to life. Miser Ebenezer Scrooge is awakened on Christmas Eve by spirits who reveal to him his own miserable existence, what opportunities he wasted in his youth, his current cruelties, and the dire fate that awaits him if he does not change his ways. Scrooge is faced with his own story of growing bitterness and meanness, and must decide what his own future will hold: death or redemption. Eternity (aged 10) lives in a haunted gatehouse at the edge of an ancient forest. She likes to dig for buried treasure in the woods, but one day she digs up something she shouldn't and the forest want it back. With a name like Chlamydia Love, it comes as no surprise that the young lady in question is considered to be the office slut. Her colleagues also do not miss an occasion to ridicule her when she talks about her imaginary prince on a white horse. Chlamydia couldn't care less. She just has to jump into a flushing toilet bowl to meet her beloved, the handsome surgeon Algernon Hertz. But her precious prince keeps her waiting and locals turn out to be a whole lot more savage that what is mentioned in the glossy tourist brochures. Chlamydia has to go on the run and ends up in the lair of the misanthropic scientist Helmut Mandragorass, a specimen of the male race not exactly blessed with dashing looks as his protruding forehead dwarves everything else. Paradise isn't always what it seems to be. In a spooky small town, when a slew of pizza delivery boys are slain on the job, two daring survivors set out to catch the culprits behind the cryptic crime spree. An anthology feature film that puts a uniquely dark and original spin on some of the most iconic and beloved holidays of all time by challenging our folklore, traditions and assumptions. Afghanistan 2014  As the withdrawal of troops approaches, Captain Antares Bonassieu and his squad have been assigned a surveillance mission in a remote valley of Wakhan, on the border of Pakistan. Despite Antares and his men's determination, control of the secluded valley will slowly fall out of their hands. One dark night, soldiers begin to mysteriously disappear in the valley. A desperate, childless couple kidnap a pregnant woman and lead her husband to believe that she is dead. Buried deep beneath the earth for a hundred years Jonathan had to sacrifice his own soul and become a vampire in order to find his true love. Meanwhile, a beautiful young woman, Victoria, wakes from recurring dreams of a time when she was in love. It is clear that Victoria is Jonathan's true love and when they finally meet, they realize that their souls are forever intertwined. Victoria finds herself caught between her immortal love and her mortal ties. Jonathan has made the ultimate sacrifice for her - his own mortality. Will she now do the same for him? The true story of the Long Island teen who shoots and wounds the wife of a man she called her lover. For one month every year, five highly competitive friends hit the ground running in a no-holds-barred game of tag they've been playing since the first grade. This year, the game coincides with the wedding of their only undefeated player, which should finally make him an easy target. But he knows they're coming...and he's ready. An aspiring trapeze artist discovers a cryptic letter, written once by her recently deceased father, that leads her to a gold mine in a remote California desert. A freedom fighter betrayed by his best friend is reborn along with him in the modern era and is guided by a magical book that also hints this might not be his second birth. Canterlot High meets its rival school, Crystal Prep Academy, in a competition that's a long-standing tradition - The Friendship Games. Sunset Shimmer is tasked with keeping magic out of the games to avoid the appearance of impropriety while she and her friends compete against Crystal Prep's top students led by someone with an equal amount of interest in Equestrian magic - this world's TWILIGHT SPARKLE. A traditional Turkish woman tries to find love and is forced by her family members to get married. A portrait of Alejandro Jodorowsky's young adulthood, set in the 1940s and 50s, in the electric capital city of Santiago. There, he decides to become a poet and is introduced, by destiny, into the foremost bohemian and artistic circle of the time. A frustrated artist gets lost inside the cardboard fort he builds in his living room. After a nuclear war decimated the northern hemisphere, the surviving population in the south become desperate and violent competing for scarce resources. Society crumbles and an infectious bacteria threatens to destroy those who remain. In an attempt to rebuild civilization, a self appointed government called 'The ORDER' distributed an immunization to the bacteria, via a massive Electro-Macnetic Pulse (EMP). Secretly, the Order also delivered a bio-tech virus through the EMP, giving them the power to control the population. One man remains immune to the Order's virus - Jake Slater. Now Jake scavenges the wasteland searching for a way to keep his unconscious daughter alive, unaware she is the last child on Earth, and the key to the survival of mankind. In the 1600s, cowardly Sir Simon of Canterville flees a duel and seeks solace in the family castle. His ashamed father seals him in the room where he is hiding and dooms him to life as a ghost until one of his descendants performs a brave deed. Simon believes he may be saved when he meets Cuffy Williams, an American kinsman stationed with a troop of soldiers at the castle in 1943. Will this blood relative save the family honor, or will his blood be as yellow as the rest of the Cantervilles?  Hiyoko Hoshino (Aika Hirota) dreams of becoming a princess of the cookie world. One day, she is sucked into a donut hole and arrive in an animated world. She meets a girl named Tamako-chan and the creature Kokkubo. Hiyoko Hoshino visits the animation world everyday, but Tamako-chan dwells in Hiyoko Hoshino's body. Then, Tamako-chan enters this world and they begin to live in turns. In a world where mythical creatures are real, monsters and humans are forced to coexist; and as prejudice and insecurity pulls everyone apart, three separate storylines manage to come together. Following the dealings of a Melbourne-based hitman Ray as seen through the eyes of his ex-neighbour and friend Max, an Italian film student. Max and his camera witness Ray's work life as it unfolds from day to day, giving an insight into a world we rarely see, and at the same time developing an unusual friendship with his subject. Ali believes his late girlfriend's soul has been reincarnated in a goat. His mother forces him to visit a spiritual healer, where he meets Ibrahim, who suffers from severe depression and hears mysterious noises, in a way to find hope, Ali, his goat and Ibrahim head on a trip across Egypt hoping to help each other overcome their problems. A family living with their grandpa find out that there's more than meets the eyes at their families' barn. A young girl had her voice magically taken away so that she would never hurt people with it, but her outlook changes when she encounters music and friendship. At a place called Boldogzsher, in the mountains of Hungary, lives an extraordinary family that has little to do with our realities. Itsvan and Reka are an artist couple with 5 children, which are all so unique characters that everything they do seems like a new life lesson. They actually live as in the past, its history may be taken from any fairy tale of 300 years ago, full of songs and rituals, live without electricity, practice sword and bow, and their 5 children do not attend school . Their goal: to be creators of a more real life. Their strategy: to escape from reality. 2034, Japan is divided into North and South parts. In the South, people live a peaceful life, while conflicts are going on in the North. For Yoriko, a nurse in the North, her sole consolation is to visit where she can access her late daughter's lifetime information. One day, Yoriko is abducted, but she learns that dead individual's total memories are preserved as  in the South,a nd that her daughter is still alive in that form. Tired of being overlooked for bigger roles, a struggling dwarf actor sets out to be cast as the Tin Man in Martin Scorsese's remake of The Wizard of Oz. An alcoholic cop experiences blackouts and starts turning into a werewolf when the full moon appears in the sky. A supernatural thriller about a young woman named Senka, who resorts to the supernatural to resurrect her husband, but must deal with the consequences as Hell creeps into her home. A young woman uses her grandmother's tarot cards to find her missing boyfriend. Defeated on the battlefield by Thor, Loki is brought to Odin for justice. But by using his guile and trickery, Loki escapes to Earth. There he will conquer mankind and raise an even larger army to use in his quest for domination throughout the Nine Realms.  Enraged by devastation of his home, Thor pursues Loki, but in the journey, he is rendered defenseless, awakening on Earth without his mighty hammer, or his memory. Alone and disoriented, Thor is besieged by Loki's followers, hell-bent on stopping him...at any cost. Enlisting the help of a female human companion, Thor fights his way North, in search of his mythical weapon. Finding his hammer, Thor's identity and prowess are restored and he must now prepare himself for a final climactic battle with Loki, to prevent the overthrow of the universe.  Two brothers, Samuel and Rodrigo, live with their mother in a suburban town. One day the mother, who has mental health problems, disappears leaving nothing behind but a note. David Pablos is a young Mexican filmmaker, born in 1982. His first short film, El mundo al atardecer, was made in 2007. La cancion de los ninos muertos (2008) was his second short film; he presented his first feature-length film Una frontera, todas las fronteras (2010) at the Berlinale Talent Campus before coming to Venice with his second film, La vida despues, for the 70th Venice International Film Festival. A man and a kid are discovering beauty in life. Selene Hollow Mabel Longhetti, desperate and lonely, is married to a Los Angeles municipal construction worker, Nick. Increasingly unstable, especially in the company of others, she craves happiness, but her extremely volatile behavior convinces Nick that she poses a danger to their family and decides to commit her to an institution for six months. Alone with a trio of kids to raise on his own, he awaits her return, which holds more than a few surprises. When aspiring horror filmmakers post an online casting call looking for "real life" monsters to interview for their upcoming documentary called, The Monster Project, they find three individuals claiming to be a skin-walker, a vampire, and a demon. Meeting these monsters at a remote mansion in the woods on the night of a total lunar eclipse, the filmmakers invite the three subjects to share their haunting, personal experiences. Working on the crew is a recovering drug addict who suffers withdrawal and paranoia. As a person of faith, he fears his friends underestimate the dark powers they are summoning. When the interviews turn deadly, he must battle the demons, inside and out, to escape the house and defeat the rise of evil incarnate. Legendary luchador, Mil Mascaras, faces unbelievable horrors when the vengeful head of an Aztec chief is resurrected on a college campus. The simple task of babysitting a lounge singer's wife turns into a nightmare for Ginger, Sean and Ricky, three unsuspecting film characters that become self-aware of their own existence in a fictional movie. With an eager determination to defy the writer's outrageous ideas, the characters must quickly think of ways to break out of their predestined roles and into a real and unpredictable narrative of their own making. But when the film's director and producer decide to abandon their current cast and complete the project with an alternative approach to the material, Sean, Ricky and Ginger have some plot twists of their own for the powers that be in this surreal, outlandish comedy. Sophia, a new high school student, tries to make friends with Barbara, who tells her that "she kills giants," protecting this way her hometown and its inhabitants, who do not understand her strange behavior. A compact, full-color cut-out animation as ephemeral as the colors swimming on the surface of a soap bubble. The eternal round shape, the orb (sun, moon, symbol of the whole self) balloons its inimitable and joyous course through scene after scene of celestial delight, fixing at last as the mystical globe encasing the lovers whose course it has paralleled throughout the film. Good Samaritan Sarah Fitzpatrick has a fatal accident just before Christmas, and finds herself in the lobby before the gates of Heaven. Certain that she will be let in, she is shocked to find that her name is not on the reservation list. However, she is granted the chance to return to Earth as an "angel in training" with the requirement to help a soul in need. Sarah has the 12 days before Christmas to secure her place on the list leaving her in the race for her after-life. A satire of 1990s pop culture.  A young woman who dreams of being a children's author makes an unlikely friendship with a cantankerous, rich old widower. Original in its sincere, lyrical realism, The River is a naturalistic melodrama otherwise characteristic of the period. Shot in sunbathed pastoral locations by Jan Stallich (Ecstasy), the story of first love between a sturdy village boy and a country girl is filmed with a movingly genuine charm. To maintain his powers, the evil wizard Traigon must sacrifice his firstborn child to the god Caligara. His wife, however, has other ideas and runs away after giving birth with her twin daughters. Before dying, she hands the girls over to the warrior Krona who promises to raise them as great soldiers. Twenty years later, Traigon returns and begins hunting down his daughters once again. Will the twins, with the help of the Barbarian Erlik and the Viking Baldar, be able to defeat their father? Two lovers are on the run in this psychedelic fairy tale that blurs lines of sexuality and identity. Four folk tales from Assam re-imagined as a narrative about four mothers, each facing demons of her own. Hye-Joong (Jung So-Min) can't remember anything before the age of 4. Every night she experiences terrible nightmares. Unable to cope with the nightmares anymore, she heeds the advice of a shaman and goes back to the villa where her family stayed 24 years ago. The villa is now known as "Wonderland." There, she meets Hwan (Hong Jong-Hyun), Soo-Ryun (Jung Yeon-Joo) and a white rabbit. During the next 15 days, Hye-Joong has to find something that is missing. If she succeeds her nightmares will stop. Raised as a slave, Danny is used to fighting for his survival. In fact, his "master," Bart, thinks of him as a pet and goes as far as leashing him with a collar so they can make money in fight clubs, where Danny is the main contender. When Bart's crew is in a car accident, Danny escapes and meets a blind, kindhearted piano tuner who takes him in and uses music to free the fighter's long-buried heart. Taking place 500 years after the Havoc in Heaven, the Tang Priest is appointed by Buddha to go to the West to fetch the sacred scriptures, only to accidentally free the Monkey King. With Lady White (Gong Li) aiming to break up the team assembled to defeat her, the Monkey King must fight in order to save his world! Josje, a primary school teacher, is a secret super hero saving animals: Superteacher. When animals of a zoo are in danger she has to choose: rescue them or run. The Wizard takes warriors from there time periods and makes them fight to the death for his evil pleasure. Lialia - molodaia krasivaia aktrisa - ochen' liubit svoego muzha Grishu - neputevogo, neustroennogo, nesostoiavshegosia pisatelia. A Lialiu liubit vzroslyi, uspeshnyi, sil'nyi muzhik - proslavlennyi dramaturg Smolianov. Chego bol'she v otnoshenii Liali k nemu - liubvi ili blagodarnosti za nalazhennuiu zhizn', reshennye problemy i uverennost' v zavtrashnem dne? Popytka soedinit' nesoedinimoe, zhit' dvumia zhizniami odnovremenno konchaetsia krakhom dlia vsekh uchastnikov etogo treugol'nika, vse ugly koto-rogo boleznenno-ostrye. A heartwarming story of a little boy with an overactive imagination. Jiminy Cricket hosts two Disney animated shorts: "Bongo," about a circus bear escaping to the wild, and "Mickey and the Beanstalk," a take on the famous fairy tale. Take an intimate look at the life of country music star Jim Reeves, from his early career struggles to his rise to fame, and ultimately, the 1964 plane crash that resulted in his tragic and untimely death. The film includes footage of Reeves performing some of his greatest hits, including "Mexican Joe," "Am I Losing You," "A Stranger's Just a Friend You Do Not Know" and "Welcome to My World." A fraternity president becomes obsessed with a young coed but his hopeful courtship decays into sinister pursuit as unnatural secrets surface about his brotherhood. A hypochondriac irks his partner by embracing the advice of an eccentric healer. An aging photographer's obsession with an early form of photography draws his assistant and daughter into a work of mystery. A very young King. As a solar storm unfolds, causing power surges and blackouts, a storm of emotions rages within Regina, a spinster referred to as Fraulein, when a childlike sexagenarian checks into her hotel. What should be one night becomes a stormy coexistence all its own. In 2022, wealthy guests of a special hotel get turned into fantasy characters. When Diego's girlfriend decides to leave him after a disastrous anniversary getaway, he will find any means possible to amend or fix what happened. Even if it means competing with different versions of himself when traveling through time. The story of "Chandrettan Evideya" revolves around Chandramohan (Dileep), who is a government servant and also an ardent classical dance follower and his wife Sushama(Anusree) is also a government employee. But the doubting wife keeps track of each and every thing her husband does. Chandramohan is well known among art followers as a good critic of classical dance. His reviews are often published in leading magazines. Considering his close association with beautiful dancers, his wife Sushama keeps close tabs on him by making phone calls every now and then. One fine day, they decide to go for a trip to Thanjavur where they meet an astrologer who tells them certain aspects of Chandramohan's previous life, which forms the crux of the story. Arkus is reigned by Schiija. The Evil queen forces the inhabitants to give her their best work as gifts at the yearly gifts day. One day a former rival passes a hint on how to defeat the queen to the streetkids Jono and Saraja . Hundreds of thousands of years after the collapse of civilization, the world is a post-tech wasteland, and is inhabited by humanoid tribes. The Peace held between them is threatened by the return of Wushen, an evil shape-shifting ghost of modern technology. Wushen threatens to enslave the world population. Zhuma, a ten-year-old girl is the heroine of the story, accompanied by Zhanggong, her lion-like Tibetan Mastiff dog. Chosen, and helped by a ethereal goddess she must assemble a band of allies from the surviving tribes to fight Wushen, and stop him from gaining control over an ancient power. In this anthology of horror episodes, 13 bizarre stories are told by independent film directors of Southern Brazil. Between ghosts, serial killers and demons, they conduct their strange, very strange stories. A hard-boiled love triangle between a private eye and two bloodsucking dames. A bachelor party becomes a savage fight for survival when the groomsmen unwittingly unleash a fabled predator upon the festivities. Feature film adapted from the V/H/S (2012) anthology segment 'Amateur Night.' Amar, Meet and Prem go into a small town where they encounter a 'femme fatale' in the form of Ragini. Ragini is everything they had dreamed of, but she slowly turns into their worst nightmare! Kleanthis is working two jobs, and saddled with debts. His boss hates him, his mother-in-law despises him. His life is going nowhere - at least till he's clearing out a room in the antiquities department where he works, and finds a magic mirror with a friendly genie that can make wishes come true. Kleanthis uses the mirror to change his life and get what he wants - but, even though his wishes are granted, something always seems to go wrong. A poor but talented little drummer boy seeks to win the friendship of the pretty girl he knows from the playground.  Loaded with humanity, pageantry, sentiment and laugh-out-loud humor, Christmas Dreams is wordlessly told through color, movement and dance. A talented little Drummer Boy seeks to win the friendship of the Pretty Girl from the playground. He dreams an enchanted Christmastime world that fantastically the Pretty Girl shares. A woman discovers that severe catastrophic events are somehow connected to the mental breakdown from which she's suffering. Two American sisters, Laura and Kate, perform public seances in Paris when they meet a French film producer who wants Laura to become in a movie star while gets obsessed with discovering the truth behind Kate's supernatural gift to summon the ghosts. After wandering a ruined city for years in search of food and shelter, two siblings find their way into one of the last remaining buildings. Inside, they find a man who will make them a dangerous offer to survive the outside world. Heather Mason and her father have been on the run, always one step ahead of dangerous forces that she doesn't fully understand, Now on the eve of her 18th birthday, plagued by horrific nightmares and the disappearance of her father, Heather discovers she's not who she thinks she is. The revelation leads her deeper into a demonic world that threatens to trap her forever. In the wild island of Pazucus, everything is hopeless. Orestia & Omar seek to harmonize their relationship in a camp and find themselves gradually oppressed by nature, which changes from paradisiac to hellish. Simultaneously, inside Carlos' intestines, fecal monsters plot his demise. This stomachic confusion makes him an easy prey for the obsessive Dr. Roberto. The paranoia, the sorcery, the madness and the prophetic voice lead their destinies to a place where the dissolution of all beings appears to be the only possibility of communion. Two people try to find their calling in Kolkata. This colorful adventure tells the story of an impetuous mermaid princess named Ariel who falls in love with the very human Prince Eric and puts everything on the line for the chance to be with him. Memorable songs and characters -- including the villainous sea witch Ursula. The survivors of the first Waxwork must use a portal through time to defeat the evil that has followed them and turned their lives upside down. Artist Trent Dion Soto spent 30 days homeless on the streets of LA's Skid Row, with only a toothbrush and a GoPro camera. By some quirk of fate, the two small-time thieves and the spoiled princess find themselves in the Black Forest full of magic beings who believe that everyone has a chance to mend his ways. However, sometimes even the best intentions need to take a pretty long way round to be achieved... Funny fairy tale full of action, excitement, fun, magic but also love. Peter and Lisbeth are two young but unfortunate lovers living in a rigid rural community in the Black Forest. She comes from a wealthy family of glassblowers; he is a poor coal worker on the lower end of society. To become rich and respected, Peter makes a pact with a devil named Dutch Michael, who rips out his heart and replaces it with a stone. Robbed of all warmth and feeling, Peter becomes a cold-hearted go-getter who rapidly achieves his goals. Ruthlessly he strives for money and power. Summer, 1910. Inspectors Machin and Malfoy investigate the mysterious disappearances of several tourists on the beautiful beaches of Slack Bay, where a strange community of fishermen lives. A rock band gets stuck on a haunted farm while visiting its lead singer's family. An ambitious young executive is sent to retrieve his company's CEO from an idyllic but mysterious "wellness center" at a remote location in the Swiss Alps but soon suspects that the spa's miraculous treatments are not what they seem. After witnessing a strange explosion, Shinnosuke Tomari is later visited by a young man claiming to be his son Eiji Tomari from the year 2035. Eiji warns Shinnosuke that a year from now, Mr. Belt's AI will go berserk and lead to the Roidmudes overtaking humanity. However, Shinnosuke cannot immediately deal with this new information when the evil Kamen Rider Dark Drive also comes from the future, causing enough mayhem that leads to Shinnosuke being framed for it and becoming the public's most wanted. Small-town trickster Pedro Malasartes has to face two great enemies: Prospero, who will do anything to impede such a lazy, cowardly person like Malasartes from dating his sister, Aurea; and Death incarnated, who wants to take a vacation after two thousand years collecting lives and intends on tricking Malasartes into assuming his tedious job. When an elderly man returns to his family home after decades of absence, the apparition of his childhood sweetheart triggers a rewind to the life-changing events from his youth. Amanda's horse Tanner helps her discover a hidden village of FOREST FAIRIES who offer to help stop an evil land developer from tricking Amanda's mom into selling the family country inn. In this stunningly lush film, the Forest Fairies use their fairy magic and quick thinking to uncover the evil plot. To save the day, they must all try and convince Amanda's mom to believe in love again, believe in laughter again, and believe in fairies. A preacher without resources spends his days reciting Bible verses. One day he meets a young jobless girl who wanders on Hollywood Boulevard. An impossible love story begins. In 1943, while the Allies are bombing Berlin and the Gestapo is purging the capital of Jews, a dangerous love affair blossoms between two women - one a Jewish member of the underground, the other an exemplar of Nazi motherhood.  The love of an enchanted young girl brings wonder and healing to a broken family. After visiting his father in Arkham Sanitarium, young Howard Lovecraft accidentally uses the legendary Necronomicon to open a portal to a strange frozen world filled with horrifying creatures and a great adventure. Vietnam 1791. Old Truong, the Emperor's Master of Arms, feels the end of his life coming. But he has yet to find a successor. The country has to be prepared for war and the Emperor is furiously impatient. He gives Master Truong two weeks to find the one. Truong sets off to visit Master Wing, a famous former General who is now living as a simple fisherman on the shores of a lake. He has three children. Truong wants to test the two sons as his potential successors and asks to see a demonstration of their fighting skill. Marco is married to a gorgeous woman, has a child and a great job. Everything seems perfect, at least until his wife of 25 years announces that he has another man and wants a separation. Marco is forced to leave home. Miser Ebenezer Scrooge is awakened on Christmas Eve by spirits who reveal to him his own miserable existence, what opportunities he wasted in his youth, his current cruelties, and the dire fate that awaits him if he does not change his ways. Scrooge is faced with his own story of growing bitterness and meanness, and must decide what his own future will hold: death or redemption. For his first feature-length film the widely exhibited New Zealand photographer Gavin Hipkins invests a richly pictorial essay with the 21st-century resonance of Samuel Butler's lively utopian satire Erewhon, written in 1872. A woman chosen to keep an age-old tradition alive must now choose between her granddaughter's life and a belief that shackled her in solitary confinement. Last week Freddie Mercury would have celebrated his 60th birthday.  To mark the occasion, celebrity fans Robbie Williams, McFly and Mike Myers talk about what they think made him so special. Photographs, home video footage and rarely heard interviews with the man himself are featured and some of Freddie's  close friends and family reveal the man behind the magic. A woman encounters a strange presence in a guest house. A comedic mockumentary that follows a group of strangers, who decide to give up their modern lives to live in a medieval village. The nine year old Larissa lives in the Luneburg Heath. She is in the clique "The Timies", which is devoted to historical events and facts. In this summer holidays, Larissa's cousins from Berlin are visiting the Luneburg Heath for the first time. From now on, Emma more and more realizes that she disposes of a mysterious talent. By touching antique objects she is able to look into the past of these things. Will they be able to find this treasure? And what has this shining crystal appearing in Emma's visions to do with it? Last year Chinese painter Yuke Qin showed his experimental short film, Philomirrophobia, at the Montreal World Film Festival. This year he artfully questions his own "coming out". He elaborates: "I'd like to tell you about my love story. But my love story may sound really disappointing to you, because love never happened to me. I have never had any intimate relationship or intimate physical contact with anyone. I grew up determined to love the homosexual, and to accept my own sexual orientaion." -- Yuke Qin A-Gu enlists a group of contract killers in the disguise of laundry service. One of them, code-named "No.1 Qingtian Street", is haunted by the ghosts of his victims. He seeks help from Lin Hsiang, a psychic. An epic anthology feature film event combining 25 shorts from different queer directors worldwide, each telling a story based on a color/fetish of the infamous hanky code. A determined young woman and a damaged occultist risk their lives and souls to perform a dangerous ritual that will grant them what they want. A spectacular heist starts to unravel as the crooks take it on the lam. A vampire named Bathor turned an entire village to vampires, stuck around long enough to teach them to survive, and then promised to return in 2000 years after conquering the rest of the continent. The only problem with this plan is that the vampires, although immortal, have only a limited capacity for memory. As time passes, they forget their utopian society and led by the totalitarian zealot Grando, become paranoid, superstitious fundamentalists, splitting their society by race and gender lines, seeking to destroy those who are deemed sinful. Long-forgotten lovers Elisabeth and Fantine find that, with the help of those who were banished in the past, it is their fate to piece together the past and help preserve the little that remains before Bathor's impending return. A rube named Pepa (Leos Noha) robs cottages for cash and spends his free time swilling rum at fourth-rate establishments. The discovery of a strange video recording points him to a place where he'll find a treasure of immense value. The mysterious place in northern Bohemia, however, awakens avarice far and wide and, seemingly, it's got a plan for all those who turn up. Based on the novel of the same name, the film depicts the endless battles of four kingdoms as they fight for power and domination of the one ultimate realm.Based on his 2 beloved fantasy novels with 6 million copies sold, L.O.R.D is acclaimed writer and director Guo Jingming's follow up to his Tiny Times films.  The action-adventure odyssey is set in a world of warring Sorcerers, Lords and Beasts. The first CGI Film to come from China A talking monkey seeks to gain fame and fortune as a movie star, but instead finds what's most important, a family. A dark fairy tale about a gang of five children trying to survive the horrific violence of the cartels and the ghosts created every day by the drug war. After a hapless fisherman is tricked out of his skin, he teams up with a mermaid to seek revenge on his malefactors. In this steampunk fantasy adventure, a collapse imprisons three dwarven miners who must now work collectively to combat starvation, despair, and a mysterious creature. A year after the boys crossed dimensions, discovered magic and battled the restoring demon, they are back home in Bremin and are struggling with everyday teenage life. Felix has high hopes for the four heroes. He wants them to push the limits of their magical ability, working as a team to become masters of the arcane. But although he's unwilling to admit it, the boys have grown apart. The boys, once in perfect magical and elemental alignment, are a tangle of rivalry and distrust.  On the verge of separating, the Nowhere Boys are drawn together for one last spell when Felix discovers a magically sealed 'Book of Shadows'. Unwittingly this releases a powerful force of chaos, and the gang is reluctantly drawn into a showdown that threatens their world and all they love... After a zoo-keeper discovers that animals can speak, powerful businessmen will try to steal them from the zoo. Combining ancient designs discovered on the Silk Road, and an enigmatic natural power called the Origin, Zhang Meng created Arti-C, a powerful mechanical man made of wood and metal. Having stirred up fears, he was accused of treason and slain -- but not before entrusting the Arti to his son Mo, who controls the wooden robot, and his daughter Tong, a cocky swordswoman. The siblings, now grown, pursue a perilous quest across the desert in search of the legendary city of Loulan, where they hope to find the Origin at its source. However, with ambitious royal schemes afoot and a mysterious tribe guarding the Origin, the Zhangs' goal will not be easy to achieve. In the battle to come, are they even on the right side? An emotionally charged look at three polygamous families in Bali Andres Bonifacio y de Castro is considered to be one of the most influential proponents in the struggle against Spanish colonial rule in the Philippines during the late nineteenth century. Today, he is still celebrated as the father of the Philippine Revolution. With Christmas approaching, a handsome fireman afraid of commitment adopts a stray cat and meets a beautiful veterinary student who challenges his decision to remain a confirmed bachelor. A Manic depressive artist survives a suicidal fall only to be possessed by a murdered gangster, who uses the artist to seek vengeance on those that ended his life. In a leap year in the 21st Century, actress Emi returns home for the first time in 12 years. Almost thirty but still far from being a popular star, she finds that the only thing unchanged back home is the view of old countryside. She finds all her friends older, properly grown up, and married with children. There are also matters to think of, such as money and age. She is not getting any younger. But Emi still believes that she is no ordinary person. She still believes in miracles. She is not going to change. Some day she will be transformed into someone really special. Depicting the dilemma, hope and fear that many women feel as they are about to turn thirty, this charming film features inspiring performances by the young cast. Young student Nikita suddenly gets into the past where he meets his own young parents, new friends and even a true love. Latif Selamsiz is an ordinary man who is in his later 30s. He's dating the same girl, working in the same job ever since he could remember and also he's still living with his mother. One day he decide to brake up with his girlfiend Reyhan. But instead, he found himself proposing to her. When the wedding day arrives, his inner voice speaks and everything changes forever. While Latif is running off from his own wedding, he hit a man with his car and he joins Latif on his journey. This man is Mansur, Latif's inner voice. Latif and Mansur get involved in a fight on their way, and they met Selin during the incident. Selin's car is stolen and her turtle is in the trunk of her car. If she couldn't find her car on time, the turtle will be dead. Latif starts his journey by running off all by himself but as he moves along, he will find his true self, face his inner voice and achieve true happiness with Selin and Mansur on his side. Seven-year-old Siv's first night sleeping over at her new friend Cerisia's place turns out to be a magical one. In the early evening, many things are already beginning to seem odd, the exotic food, all of the animals ... At night though, the unfamiliar flat really starts to become a realm full of secrets. The third chapter of the cult-classic fantasy saga: A Chinese Odyssey. At the end of 'A Chinese Odyssey 2', Zixia managed to see in advance the outcome of the battle. Now, in order to prevent the unfortunate tragedy, she travels back to the past and make sure that Monkey does not fall in love with her. Monkey is then reincarnated and continues to wait for Bak Jing-jing. Marianne is unhappily married with the rich Arvid Croneman. Arvid has been ill for some time and Marianne has been looking forward to his passing away. However, Arvid recovers. Marianne has had an affair with Lennart Hagg, her husband's doctor. She steals poison from his office and makes sure that her husband gets a poisonous injection that swiftly kills him. After his burial, Arvid's relatives, who lives in the house, treats her with suspicion. Has she really gotten rid of all the evidence? 14-year-old Midori is the constantly abused chore girl for a freakshow. Things begin to change for her after a dwarf magician joins the freak show, but not always for the better. The famous rock band The Paperback music is convened for a big concert at Big Depression. Arriving at their destination, no musical event seems ready for that day, but suddenly a secret passage opens to the planet Planio, where dictator Balthazar has banned all kinds of music. No one is safe when seemingly random killings emerge as a deadly pattern intended to usher in the end of the world.  A murder victim with the same DNA as Christ. A serial killer mimicking the deaths of the 12 Apostles. Inspector Niemans and a young, rebellious detective team up with a beautiful expert in religion to crack the case before their elusive suspect completes the cycle of terror, paving the way to an even bigger bloody catastrophe. Supernatural Drama about an addictive woman who is given a chance at redemption if she accepts Death's offer. The film is centered on the strange, beautiful and emotional story of Jeannette Sabali. When her boyfriend Bruno stops making love with her, Jeannette begins an affair with a young co-worker (Francis LaHaye). Alas, it turns out that her heart problems are physical as well as metaphorical. When Jeannette inherits the heart of a deceased Malian woman, she's befriended by her donor's teenaged son (Youssef Camara), who's convinced that she's the reincarnation of his late mother. It turns out that he might just be on to something. Troy MInk plays 13 different characters in the mythical haunted town of Midway, Tennessee. A story that takes place during Advent, we'll meet again with your favorite pair angel Petronel  and devil Urias. Their eternal wrangling causes the rare apple from the tree of the knowledge to roll on earth. And that God is really angry. Petronel with Urias find themselves in a small Czech town on the eve of the feast of St. Nicholas.  And after a series of human and "divine" tests our heroes eventually find that the path to knowledge leads primarily through self discovery through the strength of friendship, love and forgiveness skills. story of EXTRAORDINAARI is about how Ex Beauty Diva turn Businesswoman Tanya's, struggles, manipulations, and intelligently made creative decisions to win over the contest of the beauty pageant called GLAMOUREENA through which 10 low confident, underprivileged, underdog girls taste their success and evolves as their new reincarnations in the same birth !! An alien life form lands on earth and begins to feed off electricity, making it grow to enormous size. The authorities must stop it as it slithers cross-country towards a nuclear power plant. The film talks about Guru Ji, the spiritual leader accepts the challenge of vanishing social evils like gender-related issues, drugs abuse and alcoholism from the society. Some people with vested interest conspire to kill this spiritual leader.  A 2012 short-film, text by Theodore J. Kaczynski, made of scans of a document from an FBI Laboratory, about the danger of experiments with accelerated particles. Killjoy, the demon of vengeance, trickster god and killer clown has finally made it to Earth! Along with his gruesome crew Freakshow, Punchy and the sexy/psychotic Batty Boop, Killjoy is free to terrorize mortals in new and excruciating ways. When aspiring model Jesse moves to Los Angeles, her youth and vitality are devoured by a group of beauty-obsessed women who will take any means necessary to get what she has. The film contains five stories set on desolate stretches of a desert highway. Two men on the run from their past, a band on its way to a gig, a man struggling to get home, a brother in search of his long-lost sister and a family on vacation are forced to confront their worst fears and darkest secrets in these interwoven tales. Billie, a twenty something burnout, is tasked with house-sitting for her aunt and uncle, but after inviting some friends over, becomes convinced her teenage cousin Grace has stolen a notebook containing her latest screenplay. While hunting for the book in "Grace's Room", the gang uncovers a bloody trove of occult paraphernalia. Unbeknownst to Billie and her friends, said cult has been watching them from the nearby woods, and now must kill them for discovering too much. A gruesome assault on the house ensues as the gang struggles to survive the night. A cottage inhabited by a peasant, crazy painter in his spare time, who only paints naked women. After his death, another farmer decides to transform the place into a brothel which quickly attracts the notables of the area. But all those who come disappear one by one. Along with Can and Kraftwerk Einstuerzende Neubauten are amongst the most important bands to come out of late 20th Century Germany. 'Listen With Pain' is a documentary celebration of their twentieth birthday shot by long time fans and filmmakers Christian Beetz and Birgit Herdilitchke. A candid investigation of the strange often controversial career of Einstuerzende Neubauten the band reveal much about their inspirations and interpersonal relationships creating a wholly satisfying and highly entertaining portrait of a unique and highly innovative phenomenon. A human girl and her warrior comrades from another world travel to Earth to save humanity from an impending apocalypse. During a handover to the head of counter-terrorism of MI5, Harry Pearce, a terrorist escapes custody. When Harry disappears soon after, his protege is tasked with finding out what happened as an impending attack on London looms, and eventually uncovers a deadly conspiracy. Emerald Green is the stunning conclusion to Kerstin Gier's Ruby Red Trilogy, picking up where Sapphire Blue left off, reaching new heights of intrigue and romance as Gwen finally uncovers the secrets of the time-traveling society and learns her fate. A cruel business official attacks a tribal village for a stone which the people treat it as something special a guy who thinks he is somehow related to the stone comes to their aid. Loosely based on the Sala gang, a group of five people that committed murders and thefts in Sweden in the 1930s. An agoraphobic, aspiring author who's taken to living in a bookstore becomes convinced that one of the customers is actually the villain from one of his unfinished stories. As a result, he faces his fears in order save his daughter and the world. A virgin looking to get laid instead gets a nightmare full of blood, sweat, ... and various discharges. Set in the Aokigahara Forest, a real-life place in Japan where people go to end their lives. Against this backdrop, a young American woman comes in search of her twin sister, who has mysteriously disappeared. During a drug raid, a narcotics officer confronts a strange Voodoo priest named Dr. Death, who is chanting. The officer and the priest shoot it out and they both wind up dead. Later, the two rise from their graves and return to the land of the living as zombies. Dr. Death is resurrected with a new mission in mind, to take over the world. The "zombie" cop enlists the aid of his old police buddies to stop the mad priest. Sadie, a young female novelist, and an enigmatic woman named Francesca, are enticed by an ex-lover to join him at his Italian villa for a weekend celebration being held to honor the release of Sadie's latest book. Once there, Sadie begins to fear his true intentions as she and Francesca become embroiled in a dangerous game of moral and sexual discovery.  Just as she is recovering from a breakdown, Anna's world is rocked when her younger sister gets engaged. She teams up with the alcoholic best man to break up the engagement, convinced they are trying to save her sister, his best friend, and themselves from a lifetime of misery. In Depression-era London, a now-grown Jane and Michael Banks, along with Michael's three children, are visited by the enigmatic Mary Poppins following a personal loss. Through her unique magical skills, and with the aid of her friend Jack, she helps the family rediscover the joy and wonder missing in their lives. In the not too distant future, two young women who live in a remote ancient forest discover the world around them is on the brink of an apocalypse. Informed only by rumor, they fight intruders, disease, loneliness &amp; starvation.  A winter in an isolated island makes the appearance of a creature with a leather jacket and eyes that twinkle in the dark. Anyone who comes into contact with him losing his mind. Residents seeking the help of a strange girl who seems to be the only one that can put them with him. To strengthen her faith, it is driven to acts more and more extreme that seem to hide a secret relationship with him. Koreyoshi Kurahara adapted a novel by Yukio Mishima for Thirst for Love (Ai no kawaki), a tense psychological drama about a young woman who is widowed after marrying into a wealthy family, and becomes sexually involved with her father-in-law, while harboring a destructive obsession with the family gardener. Kurahara's atmospheric style is a perfect match for Mishima's brooding sensuality. Samuel Salomon, a literature professor, has been off work for almost a year after the tragic death of his girlfriend. Samuel has been suffering from a recurring nightmare in which a woman is brutally murdered in a strange ritual. Suddenly, the same woman who appears every night in his dreams is found dead in exactly the same circumstances. Samuel sneaks into the crime scene and there he meets Rachel who has also dreamed about the murder. Together, they will do whatever they can to discover the identity of the mystery woman, entering a terrifying world controlled by the figures who have inspired artists throughout time: the Muses. A new interpretation of the most known and beloved fairy tale of Hans Christian Andersen - "Snow Queen" One day, 300 year-old Namahage is caught in a trap. While being transferred he manages to escape. Wandering through the suburbs of Tokyo, Namahage meets 11-year-old Mamoru and he moves in at the boy's house without Mamoru's mother's knowledge. Mamoru struggles to hide Namahage from his mother. Meanwhile, bad pet shop traders seek out to capture Namahage. A naive young paladin with a prophesy, a drunken wizard, a barbarian, and a greedy rogue team up with a hesitant druid and a ranger to defeat an evil necromancer and a lich. The lovesick Doctor Proctor has traveled back in time in a desperate attempt to alter history. He wants to stop the wedding between his beloved Juliette and the terrible Claude Cliche, but is trapped in time. Lise and Bulle have to help him back. By God's mistake, an arrogant single lawyer turns into a mother of two kids! Yeon-woo, an ambitious lawyer never believes in love is about to start her new job at the biggest law firm in the states. A day before her departure she gets into a car accident and passes out. She arrived in heaven and realizes that she died instead of her namesake. The death manager LEE, to cover his mistake, offers her to live in someone else's body for one month. Yeon-woo now has to live as a mother of a 6 years old daughter with a mundane officeholder. Will Yeon-woo manage to live as an ordinary housewife? In the year 2961, the time is after humanity and nature has recovered the land. A hunter named Cygnus is called to rise above his duty. He provides for Last Arc, a once nomadic band of survivors in need of food and water that is now growing scarce. The answer must be found before a group of outlandish Heretics descend upon them. Cygnus must voyage across the treacherous landscape to defend his people. Sent by Nova, the matriarch of the band, she acts based on her vision for Cygnus to find a seed of hope. The future of Last Arc is for him to discover, Cygnus ventures into a hostile landscape in search of an answer for his people. On this journey of encountering many traps and dangers, Cygnus discovers what has been hunting him is his identity. An author's struggle between what he wants to write and what others might want to read culminates into a surrealist novel. A lonely private investigator is contacted by a mysterious woman who pulls him into a mind game known as "telephone walking". Fascinated by her voice, Aloys discovers an imaginary universe that allows him to break out of his isolation.  The film is conceived as a video game where every link in society, from the highest to the lowest has its role in creating the perfect vision of fraud, not knowing who cheats, and who is deceived. Every year, Goa, one of the biggest party and holiday hosts to the world, welcomes infinite number of tourists. Most of them go back once the season gets over. Few choose to stay back, digging deeper into the traces of a hippie hangover, or trying to search oneself through the incandescent, colorful, trippy shores of Goa. And a few yet, get in so deep at the wrong end of paradise, that they are lost forever, in the same place, but in a whole different world altogether. The film takes one such real-life character - Roy - through a plethora of happenings, phenomena, legends, myths, sights, sounds, experiences and thrilling stories of the fabled Goan paradise. What happens to the protagonist through the bitter-sweet, darkly funny, crazy, trippy journey and what comes along at the end of it, weaves the half-fictitious/half-real story of our film - CandyFlip. Set in war-torn 800AD Scotland, The Gaelic King tells the story of warrior-king Alpin mac Eachdach. When his young brother is captured, Alpin must hunt the kidnappers though a dark forest that hides an ancient evil. New York fashion designer, Melanie Carmichael suddenly finds herself engaged to the city's most eligible bachelor. But her past holds many secrets--including Jake, the redneck husband she married in high school, who refuses to divorce her. Bound and determined to end their contentious relationship once and for all, Melanie sneaks back home to Alabama to confront her past. 1840 and another ship crashes on the rocks of an almost deserted island in Scotland. Three sailors survive the wreck and make it to shore where the few locals take them in as they wait for the mainland boat to come for them. But the sailors' survival story has only just started as they uncover the strange past of the once vibrant island. A beautiful princess born in a faraway kingdom is destined by a terrible curse to prick her finger on the spindle of a spinning wheel and fall into a deep sleep that can only be awakened by true love's first kiss. Determined to protect her, her parents ask three fairies to raise her in hiding. But the evil Maleficent is just as determined to seal the princess's fate. A young woman held in captivity discovers the realities of truth and lies in the outside world. Three women with mysterious pasts, a nerdy boy, a company man, and Jesus Christ himself all plunge into an absurdist nightmare when a giant and magical prism descends upon planet Earth and warps reality. Featuring Lloyd Kaufman, Blondie's Matt Katz-Bohen, and a special appearance by indie superstar Mac DeMarco. Asheville, NC When her father unexpectedly passes away, young Ella finds herself at the mercy of her cruel stepmother and her daughters. Never one to give up hope, Ella's fortunes begin to change after meeting a dashing stranger in the woods. Katsu (Mitsuko Baisho) is a 73-years-old woman. She often makes trouble with her biting remarks. While raising a daughter alone, Katsu was unable to live the life she wished for.  One day, Katsu goes to a photo studio and takes a picture. She leaves the photo studio, but finds that she is now 20-years-old (Mikako Tabe) again. Katsu changes out of her grandmother clothes, picks out a more youthful style and names herself Setsuko Otori. Later, Katsu decides to take part in a singing contest held in a shopping district. Her singing fascinates the audience and she wins the contest. Katsu begins to move closer to her past dream of becoming a singer.  A supernatural love story that centers on two parents whose life together falls apart after their son dies. The man, now a successful lawyer, and the woman, now married and an author, get a chance at reconciliation ten years later. An unmarried 40-year-old woman turns to a turkey baster in order to become pregnant. Seven years later, she reunites with her best friend, who has been living with a secret: he replaced her preferred sperm sample with his own. Peter O'Brian (The Stabilizer, The Intruder) goes up against a french mob boss. Cue car chases, explosions, creepy blind kids and finally, an explosion. A new mayor comes to the remote village Karatas. A very strange illness reins over here. However somebody is used to live with it and says this is a simple flu. Five friends fall under the seductive influence of a libidinous, otherworldly presence that threatens to change their lives forever in this strange and erotic new film from director Scott Schirmer (Found) and producer Brian K. Williams (Time to Kill). Starring Jason Crowe (Dead Moon Rising), Ellie Church (Headless), Tristan Risk (American Mary), Dan Nye (The Legend of Wasco), and Kevin Roach (The Confession of Fred Krueger), with special FX by The Clockwerk Creature Company. The story of a young editor lost in a Lisbon for tourists, a decaying film industry, and demonstrations for a hopeless generation. In communist Romania in the 1980s the population collectively watches "Dallas", their only window into capitalism. Inspired by the US TV show, a young woman decides to emigrate to America. "Hotel Dallas" mixes documentary scenes with staged and experimental sequences.  When, Birdie, fragile teenager with an overactive imagination is placed in an isolated Midwestern convent on the brink of closure, her strange and in some cases grotesque obsessions begin to consume her attention. Outside life beckons when she meets Julia, the confident, spirited maintenance girl, inspiring a growing infatuation. But privately, Birdie can't turn away from her fascination with the gory and whimsical hallucinations that plague her. Birdie sets off on her spiritual quest to discover if the source of her visions is something saintly or a dark heresy. The convent itself holds ghosts of nuns who've met untimely deaths. Are they calling Birdie to the same fate? From the acclaimed team that brought you BBC's visual feast "Planet Earth," this feature length film incorporates some of the same footage from the series with all new scenes following three remarkable, yet sadly endangered, families of animal across the globe. A lyrical look at Antonio Nobrega's universe. A lifetime's work that is characterized by the consistent reading of popular culture. A show in which all elements of our culture are mixed together. A musical and visual journey, guided by the characters Joao Sidurino and Rosalina from the plays Brincante and Segundas Historias. A pregnant widow, believing herself to be guided by her unborn child, embarks on a homicidal rampage. Postwar Germany, 1945. Leopold Kessler, an American of German descent, works as a sleeping car conductor for the Zentropa railway line. When he meets Katharina Hartmann, the railroad owner's daughter, and they fall in love, his life intersects with the dark and violent path of a mysterious organization opposed to the United States army military occupation. The story of Daemonium begins in an alternate universe to ours, in which magic and technology coexist with humans and demons. A powerful family hires a band of mercenaries and forces Fulcanelli, a wizard and con artist, to invoke a demon with the purpose of gaining even more power. Of course, things go terribly wrong. The wizard escapes and the demon slaughters the mercenaries, with the exception of Razor. He's the one who seals the deal to become lord of the criminal underworld. The family kidnaps Lisa, his pregnant wife, and turns her into a merciless killing machine and the spear point of their offensive against Razor. But she's not the only threat to the crime lord. It's only a question of time before the demon returns to claim Razor's soul. Fulcanelli seems to be the key to stopping the demon and Razor sends out his band of sexy killer robots to find him. Tom is a nice guy, and that's his problem: Real women don't like nice guys. No surprise that he has never gotten laid. On graduation day and amidst laughter, he is presented with Fixi, a lifesize sex doll. How embarassing! But the next morning, Tom awakes next to a real woman - Fixi came to life. Arguably the most influential creator, writer, and producer in the history of television, Norman Lear brought primetime into step with the times. Using comedy and indelible characters, his legendary 1970s shows such as All In the Family, Maude, Good Times, and The Jeffersons, boldly cracked open dialogue and shifted the national consciousness, injecting enlightened humanism into sociopolitical debates on race, class, creed, and feminism. On The Doll is a story of the victims of child abuse, and the pain it visits upon their later lives. With interweaving stories following victims and victimizers, the film depicts the variety of experiences of abuse. Alex is a charming adventurer who substitutes for a contestant shaman who dropped out at the shooting of a high-rated television show, popular among psychics. He repeats a prophecy on the air that he overheard backstage. He foretells that someone in the audience is doomed to everlasting solitude and that her nearest and dearest will turn their backs on her. Alex has no idea that what's been going on is no coincidence: he has become involved in a long-standing rivalry between two powerful wizards. These psychics have drawn him into a dangerous, mystical game with no rules. Strange events start to take place in the life of Tanya, the girl Alex "cursed" at the show. Alex tries to assure her there is no "curse" at all, and slowly falls in love with her. Still more signs manifest showing the prophecy is true, and it begins to threaten Tanya's life. To save himself and Tanya, Alex is forced to find a way out of this mystical mess. A housewife struggles with her husband after he is possessed by a ghost. In desperate need of extra high school credits, Jessie agrees to tutor young Tommy Faber, but when the timid 14-year-old insists he hasn't left Veronica's mansion in more than half a century, Jessie knows that something's amiss. In 2008, a corpse identified by the police with the birth certificate of the writer Joao Paulo Cuenca was found in an occupied building in Lapa. Inspired by this fact, the movie investigates the theft of the author's identity in a ghostly Rio de Janeiro and in deep transformation. If in fiction and in crime sections of newspapers it's common to read about people who steal the identity of someone dead to start a new life, what we have here is the opposite case: someone who steals the identity of a living man to die in his place. 13 female filmmakers explore themes of the uncanny, the supernatural, and the sublime in a series of 13 short films featuring a killer twin, an interdimensional time traveler, a doomed magician, and other strange characters that exist within the confines of a decaying, early 20th-century building slated for demolition. 13 tales. 13 women. 13 Chambers.  Journey through the afterlife with this informative and entertaining program exploring Dante's epic poem of grandeur and complexity. Delving deep into the enduring allegorical work, the film combines dramatic reenactments, modern images and artists' renderings inspired by the literary masterpiece, as well as visual interpretations by the Topiary Dance Group, location footage of Dante's native Florence and analysis from noted scholars. A mild-mannered college professor discovers a look-alike actor and delves into the other man's private affairs. No Overview Casey is attacked at random on the street and enlists in a local dojo led by a charismatic and mysterious Sensei in an effort to learn how to defend himself. What he uncovers is a sinister world of fraternity, violence and hypermasculinity and a woman fighting for her place in it. Desert Storm vet who was killed in combat rises from the grave on July Fourth, to kill the unpatriotic citizens of his hometown, after some teens burn an American flag over his burial site. A solar eclipse activates a magic time portal, and a regular schoolboy Vit'ko from the 21st century goes a thousand years back in time. It doesn't take Vitya long to recognize the legendary bogatyrs in young Oleshko, powerful Ilya and severe Dobrynya. Their life passes in fighting cumans who try to destroy Rusichi at any cost, using both weapons and black magic. Vitya finds himself in the very midst of incredible events, battles with mythical creatures and acquires real courage.  It's 2049 on a forsaken island off the coast of Toronto where the survival of the islanders depends on young Ti-Jeanne to risk death by a spirit so she can take her place as a caribbean priestess and save her people. In PUPPET MASTER XI - AXIS TERMINATION, the final chapter of the AXIS Saga, we find our heroic band of lethal puppets-BLADE, PINHEAD, TUNNELER, JESTER, SIX SHOOTER, and LEECH WOMAN, joining forces with a secret team of Allied Operatives, all masters of psychic powers, as they face off together against a new bunch of evil Nazi adversaries and their collection of vicious Axis Puppets in a showdown that will decide the future of the free world. Hundreds of years after humans have settled on Mars, Regulator Rogul and Lord Jens Maul, lead a force of Martians to Earth in order to conquer the planet. Queen Metaphor looks to the gay heroes aboard the spaceship Surprise -- Captain Kork, Mr. Spuck, and first engineer Schrotty Tang Monk brings three disciples on a journey to the West. On the outside, everything seems harmonious. However, tension is present beneath the surface, and their hearts and minds are not in agreement. After a series of demon-capturing events, the monk and his disciples gain mutual understanding of each others' hardships and unease. Finally, they resolve their inner conflict and work together to become an all-conquering, demon-exorcising team. An eccentric millionaire hides $3 million of gold somewhere in the Rocky Mountains, luring thousands out on a wild treasure hunt in search of riches and redemption. After an unprecedented global pandemic has turned the majority of humankind into violent infected beings, Morgan, a man gifted with the ability to speak the infected's new language, leads the last survivors on a hunt for patient zero and a cure. A government inspector, an orphaned young girl, and opioid-addled locals collide in this small-town drama centered around the closure of a supposedly toxic sugar refinery. Polish psychological drama Elio Perlman is spending the summer with his family at their vacation home in Lombardy, Italy. When his father hires a handsome doctoral student, the curious 17-year-old finds himself developing a growing attraction to the young man. A woman tries to help her teenage daughter when she becomes the victim of online bullying. A girl tragically consumes a full vial of LSD and quickly succumbs to a bizarre fantasy world, with strange beings and a magical obelisk that might be her portal home. A teenage girl discovers a box with magical powers, but those powers comes with a deadly price. Down-on-his-luck single dad Harvey Fowler gets a much needed boost when he meets children's author Mandy Simpkins, author of the Marvelous Mandy storybooks that his daughter loves. Their beautifully vivacious relationship seems like it couldn't get any more perfect, until Harvey gains some disturbing insights into her fractured mental state. When cracks start to show through her dreamlike personality, Harvey learns who she really is- and just how vicious she'll become to maintain the illusion of her perfect life. When the nine year old Isra goes on a school trip, she winds up in a magical library. There, she finds out that a young boy is held captive in one of the books. In an attempt to save the boy, she starts an adventurous journey into a magical world. A story of rival sheep stations and of the strong-willed squatter's daughter who wants to unite them. As the Lich King's zombie legions ravage the world, a cursed young sorceress (Marek) embarks on a quest to obtain a weapon from the gods, with her friend Dagen, a self-serving half-elf rogue. But when she joins her sworn enemy in a desperate attempt to save the world, she must recover the good in herself before her friends are all dead, and defeat the Lich King before the gods are destroyed and the world forever enslaved. A writer who kills himself but is brought back to life and feels his destiny is get revenge on those who took his idea and that will include a b-listed indie horror actress , Delia Fox and ... Shakespeare's romantic comedy is re-told in the Caribbean and brought into the 21st Century when Theseus and Hippolyta, returning Nationals, come home to Barbados to be married during Crop Over festival time. The island's early history, folklore, culture and stunning landscape, lends itself perfectly for the mysticism, comedy and chaos that ensues, the night before the nuptual celebrations. A portrait of Zion Clark, a young wrestler who was born without legs and grew up in foster care. After beheading her husband, Queen Titiana takes over the mystical woods where lost souls and ghouls wander about confused in this surrealist film inspired by William Shakespeare's 'A Midsummer Night's Dream'.  Time Raiders is based on the online novel series Daomu Biji written by Xu Lei.  It tells the story of explorers searching for the secrets of immortality in ancient tombs A man wakes up and doesn't remember anything... 1969 film from India starring Adoor Bhasi and Prem Nazir A young American girl has a chance of a lifetime to visit her ancestors castle in the south of France, only to find that her family is hiding deep, dark secrets about their nefarious past, far away from prying eyes. Two secrets will tear a 12-year-old girl's life apart. One she's never told a soul. The other, her entire family's never told her. Tonight they crash. In a little Sicilian village at the edge of a forest, Giuseppe, a boy of 13, vanishes. Luna, his classmate who loves him, refuses to accept his mysterious disappearance. She rebels against the silence and complicity that surround her, and to find him she descends into the dark world which has swallowed him up and which has a lake as its mysterious entrance. In an allegorical female driven film that intimately explores the idea of growing beyond violence, a tight-knit group of vampires crashes into the twenty-first century when their master awakes from decades of sleep. A Templar Knight is forced to fight as a gladiator where challengers from different worlds duel in a quest for a magical sword. Then the Templar learns he is scheduled to fight his master who has become a man of greed and ambition. Now the Templar teams with his adversaries against the master and his disciples. This wonderful story happened in the age of valiant knights, beautiful princesses, and battling sorcerers. Ruslan, a wandering artist dreaming to become a knight, met beautiful Mila and fell in love with her; he didn't even suspect that she is the King's daughter. However, the lovers' happiness wasn't meant to last too long. Chernomor, the evil sorcerer, appeared in a magic vortex and stole Mila right before Ruslan's eyes to transform her power of love into his own magic power. Without further ado, Ruslan sets out on a chase after the stolen princess to overcome all obstacles and to prove that real love is stronger than magic. A small girl makes her living selling matches on the streets of New York. It's winter, and the hustling crowds at best ignore her, and some are outright rude. She takes shelter and, to try to stave off the cold a bit, lights a match. It gets blown out; this happens again, then on the third try, she falls into a dream. In this dream, cherubs attend her, she gets a new doll, then a new dress. The cherubs put her on a throne. Then a storm comes, and she goes toward a candle. That candle goes out, and we see that back in the real world, so did her match and her life. An angel comes along and takes her soul. Alvarito a blind marathon runner and the intellectual Dr. Villafane are lost in the vast and desolate pampas. One, seeking to reach his goal, the other trying to find the present, but both longing to find themselves. The story has to do with the seven-year marriage between Geng (Pitsanu Nimsakul) and fashion model Bella (Sheranut Yusananda) turning stormy. The bickering husband and wife face their toughest test yet when they wake up one morning and get a shock when they go to the mirror. In the mythical Elven world of Altera, an epic battle unfolds between the beautiful Princess Liya and the Dark Elf Elena, who has gained possession of a jewel so powerful it allows its holder complete authority over all Alterans. Artificial Intelligence from far into the future arrives to immediately CLEANSE the human species of millions of humans who are harmful to other humans. The script is composed of three stories set in three different time periods and three different locations. One story takes place during an ascent of the Himalayas, another on a crossing of the Atlantic Ocean, while the third happens on an ocean-going fishing trip. The motivation/objective in every story is a quest, and hiding underneath under every motivation is the deepest level of human nature. Loosely based on tales by E. T. A. Hoffman. In a wonderland inhabited by fiery salamanders and winged spirits, good fights evil in search of a life-giving talisman whose finder will rule the world. When a team of unlikely heroes hijacks a steam-powered battle wagon, a daring young wizard (Marek) steals the final piece of the all-powerful Darkspore and embarks on a desperate quest to deliver the cursed artifact to the gods for safe keeping; but when they are caught in a death race between a ruthless team of elite mercenaries and a trinity of demons, Marek must learn to believe in herself before her friends are killed and the Darkspore is lost, to stop the evil necromancer (Szorlok) from uniting the Darkspore and flooding the living world with his legions of undead. Blood Child is horror thriller based on a true story. Bill and Ashely DiAngelo seem to have it all, an overseas posting to Singapore, life in paradise and a new baby on the way. But tragedy strikes when she loses the baby and sinks into a deep depression. Unbeknownst to Bill, Ashley decides that the only way for her to "be" with her miscarried child is to dabble in the South East Asian occult practice of raising her own "ghost child". She seeks the help of her Indonesian maid, Siti, tasking her to find a bomoh (witch doctor) who knows how to trap the spirit of unborn dead fetuses. Siti tries to dissuade Ashley from resorting to such dark magic but to no avail. In the meantime, in an effort to put the tragic events of the miscarriage behind them, Bill decides that it would be good for the couple to return home to Minnesota to start their lives over. Several months after their return to the US, Ashley and Bill are surprised to find themselves pregnant again.... 'Love Isn't Enough' tells the story of an interracial couple's marriage (Charles and Amanda) being tested by family and societal pressures when they realize that even LOVE may not be enough to save it; but with a child involved the stakes are higher and their issues more amplified. To emphasize the difference in cultures, the character of Charles Joyner (Shadner Ifrene - African American male) was directed by Saquan Jones (African American male) and the character of Amanda Joyner (Ashley Bloom - Caucasian female) was directed by Erin Ryan (Caucasian female). TRAILERS unites the most personal and experimental aspects of underground filmmaking with a scope that is as cosmically vast as a science fiction epic. Rashidi's ongoing exploration into the nature of cinema sees a group of characters adrift in space, each locked into their own sexual rituals while a cataclysm of universal proportions unfolds. Humanity has become a mysterious burlesque show for alien eyes: the gaze of the film camera. This visionary spectacle uses multiple formats and visual textures in weaving an erotic anti-narrative suspended in its own space and time. The season turns to autumn. The fight of the protagonist and his group S.E.E.S. with the strange monsters called 'Shadows' is getting closer to the end. Makoto and his allies engage in life-or-death battles with Shadows in order to end the Dark Hour. Through the battles, some must face the deaths of friends and family, some must notice what precious things must be protected, and some must find meaning in the battles that have occurred.  In front of Makoto, the mysterious transfer student Ryouji Mochizuki appears. When the group greets a new morning, the gears of fate begin to turn. A fight revolving around each of the heroes' bonds begins... A shopkeeper takes God to court when his shop is destroyed by an earthquake Prof Thomas Foolery is desperate for fame and enters a competition to build a steam-powered tree cutting machine in 1876. It isn't until after his contraption is built that he realizes he created a monstrosity. His father urges him to come to his senses; his boyfriend leaves him. After he discovers his boyfriend shivering in the decimated forest, hooked on cocaine, he realizes how mistaken he's been. He destroys his contraption and agrees to sell his patent for a solar collecting device (that boils water) if the railroad stops distributing cocaine to its workers. In the end the railroad destroys the designs for the solar collector because it would destroy their lucrative fire wood business. Hong Kong comedy film. Chuck, a young loner, is invited by a neighbor to a dinner party, but turns it down. He finds himself visited by "Chuck of the future"--himself at age 21. "Chuck of the future" knows the reason the current Chuck doesn't want to go to the party--he's embarrassed over his poor table manners. "Chuck of the future" decides to give "Chuck of the present" some tips on proper table etiquette. During the reign of King Zhou (Tony Leung Ka-fai), an official enters his bedchamber, and is devoured by the monstrous tails of Daji (Fan Bingbing), his concubine. Outside their city, several warriors within a metal wagon discuss their strategies to free the Invisible People and their Chief, when Jiang Ziya (Jet Li) appears to them. He tells them that when King Zhou was younger, he let himself become possessed by the Black Dragon for his quest for power. After the death of a group of teenagers using the Ouija, the psychologist Fernanda and her son return to Peru, but they will find themselves surrounded by an evil entity as big as its wicked sect. When a supernatural cult threatens Earth, Alice must assemble a team of fairy tale villains to face the literal forces of Death. An old rusted bridge is repaired by an engineer. Alone in the middle of nowhere, this man executes every day his endless task but his role seems to be taking end now. When eighteen-year-old Pasha rescues a beautiful young woman from a band of strangely powerful attackers, he discovers an underworld of supernatural beings living among us. News about the disappearance of panties is still being covered every day.  Kyosuke (Ryohei Suzuki) still wears Aiko Completo's (Fumika Shimizu) panties to battle evil. Meanwhile, Aiko has mixed emotions and decides to get her panties back. Kyosuke suffers from the loss of Aiko's panties and disappears, but his biggest enemy yet is about to materialise... This colorful adventure tells the story of an impetuous mermaid princess named Ariel who falls in love with the very human Prince Eric and puts everything on the line for the chance to be with him. Memorable songs and characters -- including the villainous sea witch Ursula. After the end of his relationship with Irene, friends and co-workers attempt to find Victor a new girlfriend, but even after he starts a relationship with Lola, he does not want to forget Irene. His existence is suddenly turned upside down when inexplicable things start to happen around him.  Something is possessing people, causing their behaviour to change. A group of solitary elderly individuals from Armenia, who have been neglected by the society, unify in an amateur dance troupe and prove during each performance that they still can dream, fall in love, amaze and wonder. It's 1971, and 2000 members of the Pakistani Army--armed with tanks--are at war with just 120 men in a battalion of Indian soldiers based in the Longewala region of Rajasthan in India. A man is forced to marry a tree to ward off ill-luck that surrounds his love-life which turns into a nightmare when the tree is embodied by a spirit with an unfinished business. An ordinary guy suddenly finds himself forced to fight a gladiator-like battle for a dark website that streams the violence for viewers. Miles must fight heavily armed Nix and also save his kidnapped ex-girlfriend. When out on vacaion, history buff Erland finds remains of an ancient evil which he soon has to fight. A girl relocates to a small town only to find it inhabited by ghosts. A struggle against a bad spirit ensues to keep the town's children safe. A young girl is transported into a magical world of gingerbread soldiers and an army of mice.  In Disney's magical take on the classic The Nutcracker, Clara wants a one-of-a-kind key that will unlock a box holding a priceless gift. A golden thread presented at her godfather's holiday party leads her to the coveted key--which promptly disappears into a strange and mysterious parallel world. There Clara encounters a soldier, a gang of mice and the regents of three magical Realms. But she must brave the ominous Fourth Realm, home to the tyrant Mother Ginger, to retrieve her key and return harmony to the unstable world. Contemporary Moscow. While riding her bicycle one day, Alyona, a shy librarian, accidentally collides with Liza, a dazzling blonde. When she wakes up in the hospital, she discovers that she and Liza have exchanged bodies. When Juliet Capulet (of Shakespearean fame) is plucked from death and turned into a vampire, she is forced to live all eternity without her sweet Romeo. Now, 800 years later, Juliet meets a young woman who captures her heart again and teaches her that love and loss are all a part of life, and that a life without love is no life at all. God lives in Brussels. On earth though, God is a coward, with pathetical morals and being odious with his family. His daughter, Ea, is bored at home and can't stand being locked up in a small apartment in ordinary Brussels, until the day she decides to revolt against her dad... Marty is an aspiring comic-book artist who is secretly in love with his best friend, Sally, the gadget inventor. Like every love story, there are complications: Sally has monsters for parents and a literal dick for a boyfriend, while Marty has the innate ability to do nothing about everything despite his vivid fantasies of defending the love of his life from the big bad world. Beneath the decay of a dying world lives the Mad Doctor Mindskull. Using the planet's power of creation he has created the ultimate Weapon. Can mankind find a way to stop this Evil before time runs out? The only answer lies within the Nova Seed. The life of 14-year-old Lilith is similar to that of a normal teenager, but there is a peculiarity: she is the daughter of the devil and lives with him in hell. Because she is totally bored there and also wants to have fun and explore the world, she makes a pact with her father: she is allowed to go to earth for a week - but she has to convert a good person to evil there. If she succeeds in this challenge, she may stay on earth forever, otherwise she'll be waving a hell of a boring job in the bookkeeping of the underworld. Every ten or seven years in an unsuspecting town, The Tournament takes place. A battle royale between 30 of the world's deadliest assassins. The last man standing receiving the $10,000,000 cash prize and the title of Worlds No 1, which itself carries the legendary million dollar a bullet price tag. Mice sold into slavery and driven to pick cotton by whip-cracking cats plot their escape to freedom. An other-worldly story, set against the backdrop of Cold War era America circa 1962, where a mute janitor working at a lab falls in love with an amphibious man being held captive there and devises a plan to help him escape. Join Barbie in a colourful, modern-day fairytale filled with fashion, friends and fun! Barbie and her dog Sequin jet off to visit her Aunt's amazing fashion house in Paris, and much to her surprise it's about to be shut down forever. After she discovers three enchanting Flairies with sparkle-magic powers, Barbie comes up with a brilliant idea to save the business. She even inspires Alice, a shy fashion designer, and together they create a dazzling runway fashion show. Barbie shows that magic happens when you believe in yourself. In the future, Utopia has finally been achieved thanks to medical nanotechnology and a powerful ethic of social welfare and mutual consideration. This perfect world isn't that perfect though, and three young girls stand up to totalitarian kindness and super-medicine by attempting suicide via starvation. It doesn't work, but one of the girls--Tuan Kirie--grows up to be a member of the World Health Organization. As a crisis threatens the harmony of the new world, Tuan rediscovers another member of her suicide pact, and together they must help save the planet...from itself. The story begins the day before the graduation ceremony. Five middle school girls each are preoccupied with their real everyday lives. These girls meet each other in a fantasy world after being sent there through a sudden occurrence. There, they learn about the impending crisis that this world is facing. The way to avert this crisis is for the five to collaborate and bring their five hearts together as one through dance.  However, the five cannot come to love the world, and cannot tell their true feelings to one another, so their hearts are unable to unite. The time limit is fast approaching. Can the dance of the five girls save the world? And will they be able to graduate? Alex and Selma are a couple in love on a trip to the heart of Bosnia and Herzegovina. Suddenly, Selma feels a mysterious force is chasing them. "Addiction Karaoke" is run by Sung-Wook. When business is slow, he hires singing helper Ha-Suck, a girl in her early 20s. She's a hopeless game addict, but somehow lures customers in. Na-Ju joins the crew and brightens up the miserable place with her bubbly character. Just when everything starts turning for the better, little do they know that a serial killer on the loose in town is after something in the karaoke. Basque Country, Spain, 1843. A police constable arrives at a small village in Alava to investigate a mysterious blacksmith who lives alone deep in the woods. Can Schalcken save his love, Rose, from the clutches of a ghastly suitor before it is too late? Foka hasn't turned seven yet. He lives with his parents and a teenage sister in a big country house. What is the universe of a child familiar only with the backyard of his own house in the Outer Moscow boroughs with no friends there? How the fragile world of a little boy will be affected by the complicated life of the elder teenage sister? Every night the boy is visited by a mysterious guest coming down from sister's gothic posters. The exciting conversations with the guest help Foka to understand the daily reality of his life - the parent's quarrels, the elder sister's hysterics, his first successes and failures in school. In this world of visions and adventures the boy will go through his growing up period. But where is the borderline between the world of night dreams and reality? After receiving a cryptic message, American skeptic Jamie travels to the Indian Himalayas to pick up on the trail of his disappeared girlfriend. There, he discovers a secretive community led by a guru with strange powers who may or may not be involved in her disappearance. As Jamie travels deeper down the rabbit hole, he quickly realizes he may have uncovered more than he bargained for, and that this mysterious mountain may contain the secrets of reincarnation - and a portal to another dimension. The dancer Xiaodie Shang arranged a dance "butterfly" for her lover who left five years ago, the dance made a good score, and she was invited by foreign cultural fund to Budapest to casting choreography. Xiaodie thinks the most promising dancer is Lu Bai although she is the most self-abased dancer. Lu Bai told Xiaodie that, she wants to use the butterfly cemetery to find her missing sister. Xiaodie also found that the fund's successor Qiushui Zhuang is her five years ago lover. However with the dancer You Song poisoning, Qiao Tian falls, Lu Bai missing, herself was threatened, all the mysteries are pointing to the butterfly cemetery. In 1983, high school teacher Ji-hwan is attacked by a pickpocket. In 2015, homicide detective Gun-woo is shot during a chase and loses consciousness. Both men are taken to the same hospital in different time periods, and both their hearts stop and miraculously start again at the same time. A mysterious force binds them together, allowing them to see through each other's lives in their dreams. Soon realizing that the women they love strikingly resembles each other and that they are in fatal danger, the two men must team up to trace the past and change her destiny. An isolated village affected by a curse is facing misery and it has been condemned to an undeniable fate. The uncompromising commune chief who has ruled the village for years has denied the request of his people to migrate to other lands in search of better luck. He took away their only lifeline: Hope. But one night, the prayers of a spiritual leader are heard by a mighty tree in the forest. The following day, a young mysterious woman appears on a nearby river shore. To the surprise of the villagers, the chief decides to give her a seven-day trial to see if she could be useful to the community. From that day on, a series of strange events began to happen, leaving the villagers to wonder whether if this strange woman is their savior or their executioner. After a mysterious prisoner with only a few weeks left on his sentence breaks out of prison in Central City, the Elric brothers attempt to track him down. The search leads them to Table City in the southwestern country of Creta, where Alphonse rescues a young alchemist named Julia from the very man they are trying to capture. In the thick of the fight, they literally tumble into Julia's home turf, the slums of Milos Valley, and are embroiled in the grassroots rebellion of her people. Two introverted people find out by pure chance that they share the same dream every night. They are puzzled, incredulous, a bit frightened. As they hesitantly accept this strange coincidence, they try to recreate in broad daylight what happens in their dream. When the King Gareth dies, his potential heirs, twin grandchildren who possess the dragon's unique strengths, use their inherited powers against each other to vie for the throne. When Drago's source of power - known as the Heartfire - is stolen, more than the throne is at stake; the siblings must end their rivalry with swords and sorcery or the kingdom may fall. As they approach the end of childhood, three elementary school kids must brave the woods on Halloween to face a monster born from their nightmares. Pa.Va or Pappanekkurichum Varkeyekkurichum focuses on existential aspects of life in two close octogenarian friends Pappen and Varkey. The movie narrates the love and friendship shared between two close friends - Pappen and Varkey, in the backdrop of Christian families in Central Travancore. Sgt. Mike Kincaid of the French Foreign Legion learns, from a Riff prisoner, that an attack will soon be made by the villainous Hussin on the Legion's outpost of Tarfa. Kincaid volunteers to lead nine other Legionnaires on a mission to delay Hussin's attack till reinforcements arrive. When he discovers that Hussin plans to marry Mahla, a girl from a rival tribe, in order to build a coalition against the French, Kincaid kidnaps Mahla. Hussin forcefully takes her back, but by now his planned attack on Tarfa is crumbling and Mahla has begun to fall in love with Kincaid. A 3D feature film about Sir Edmund Hillary's monumental and historical ascent of Mt. Everest in 1953 - an event that stunned the world and defined a nation. When a famous writer (Huang Bo) decides to have his memories wiped to forget a divorce, he regrets it. Attempting to recover the memories, he becomes haunted by psychopathic thoughts, acting out in ways both he and those around him could never imagine.  A companion film to director Leste Chen's 2014 film The Great Hypnotist. so there we were. i hired avi, i dumped my basic ideas and vibe out in an email, sent him a bunch of reference clips and animations i liked, and we talked ideas and concepts on the phone and over email for a month or two. then he and his team got to work. they sent along their progress and every clip was like getting a little christmas present in my email, watching it take shape and grow....  I love what we ended up with. I hope you love it too. Scientists investigate a huge meteor that crashes into the ocean off Mexico, and encounter a skyscraper-tall, mobile machine which is designed  to syphon energy from earth,  including any energy directed at it in an effort to destroy it.  A 14 year old boy, struggling with gender identity and religion, begins to use fantasy to escape his life in the inner city and find his passion in the process. A Viking Princess is forced to flee her kingdom after being framed for the murder of her father, the King. Under the guidance of the God Odin, she travels the world gaining wisdom and building the army she needs to win back her throne. Shakespeare's comedy about two couples in love with the wrong partners, and how they are finally brought together rightly, thanks in part to the bungling work of Puck. It is completely in the language of the Bard, with Pfeiffer as the Fairy Queen and Kline as the one turned into her evening's lover with donkey ears. Lives intertwine and connect when Francesca navigates through the living world by encountering strangers at the exact moment she needs to. All while she secretly searches for a loved one that she never had the chance to say goodbye to. When Liang Xia's obsession for a perfect wedding puts a strain in the relationship with her fiance, he ultimately calls it quits and breaks up with her. In a heartbroken state, Liang Xia carelessly ingests a magical item, which transports the 28-year-old's mind back to when she was only seventeen years old. A woman's life takes on unexpected twists after trouble in her marriage leads to a mysterious stranger. 12-year-old Clara is just like any other girl until one day a mysterious black cat scratches her. Clara soon discovers that she can communicate with the cat and that she belongs to a family of Wild Witches with a strong connection to nature and animals. It turns out that Clara is a very special Wild Witch and that her blood can set free the ancient and evil witch, Bravita Bloodyoung. Together with her mentor aunt Isa and her friends, Kahla and Oscar, Clara must face her destiny and embark on a dangerous journey in order to save herself and the Wild World. The story deals with the ego between a jailor(cop) and the prisoner who is subjected to death. A mysterious death occurs inside a theater. 5 witnesses are interrogated in search of an answer that reveals a pagan rite of alchemy. From a murky landscape, a wooded mountain emerges. We watch the sun. We see a bearded man climbing up the mountain through the snow. He carries an ax, and he's accompanied by a dog. His labors continue. There is no soundtrack. Images rush past - water, trees, and surfaces too close up to distinguish. He struggles. A fire burns. Nature, in long shots and magnified, is formidable and silent. It's tough going; he carries on. In a capillary, blood flows. In an alternate present-day version of Oakland, black telemarketer Cassius Green discovers a magical key to professional success - which propels him into a macabre universe. "After Betsy Simon's book "Heavens to Betsy" becomes a bestseller, she must defend her faith when she agrees to do an interview with a self-serving media personality at the risk of destroying her credibility and career". After being uprooted by his parents' separation and unable to fit into his new hometown, a teenager stumbles upon a magical app that causes his social media updates to come true. A feature-length documentary about the life and career of Italian director Luigi Cozzi and his obsession with Science Fiction and Fantasy. A poor miller gets tricked by the Devil and accidentally sells his daughter for a bit of gold. But Satan can't take her because she's too pure and has wept on her hands. So Satan orders the miller to cut her hands off. It's the beginning of the young girl's journey towards freedom. A sexually repressed woman embraces her dark side, experiencing her wildest fantasy. Welcome to Monsterland! A terrifying place where savage beasts, carnivorous creatures, and grotesque abominations are the new normal; and the human race is now at the bottom of the food chain. When Jacques d'Amboise took a group of dancers and members of his teaching staff to China, they worked with acclaimed dancer Dou Dou Huang and more than a hundred Chinese children. Their goal: to create a special performance using a variety of dance styles - including hip-hop, freestyle jazz and traditional Chinese folk dance - that would premiere at the Shanghai Grand Theatre in honor of the 2007 Shanghai Special Olympics World Games. Part of a month-long cultural exchange between d'Amboise's National Dance Institute and several Chinese troupes, featuring some of that country's most talented young dancers, the collaboration underscored the power of dance to transcend obstacles of culture and language. After an argument with her father on Christmas Eve, a little girl makes a wish to Santa for her Dad to become an Elf. The following morning, her wish comes true. Are we transforemed into energy once we are dead? Energy made visible when death stares at us up close. Maverick cop Orin Boyd always brings down the domestic terrorists he tracks, but he ruffles feathers with his unorthodox techniques -- and soon finds himself reassigned to the toughest district in Detroit. When he discovers a group of detectives secretly operating a drug ring, Boyd joins forces with an unlikely ally -- gangster Latrell Walker -- to bring down the rotten cops. A caring mother loses her sanity, setting off a chain of events resulting in tragedy and murder. The story of Casey Pollack unfolds from two very different perspectives when one night in the woods culminates in absolute terror. Circuit crashes on a hostile planet with no memory of why he is there. he just knows his mission is complete and he needs to return to The Orbitor Space Station. The only way he can get back to the space station is by finding a city called Caelum. Will he make it to the city or will he be deleted by an evil race called Viruses? Only time will tell and time is counting down... Present day. A WWII veteran Vilen has a visitor, his Navy buddy Leonid, who was killed in action in 1941. He comes to execute Vilen as a traitor. Night after night as Elizabeth would drift off to sleep she would wake up with visions and desires that she could not explain, And to a mysterious figure who always seemed to appear. Now Elizabeth has vanished and certain guests who visit the town of Rain River Falls claim to have the same visions and desires. Who was the figure? And what happened to Elizabeth? Koroviev, a police officer who teaches poetry in a brigade of police poets, is in search of a precious Bible annotated by Pierre Maheu, the captain of the St. Elias, a legendary ship. His quest leads him to befriend a young thief who introduces him to a mysterious woman named Coriandre. In this re-telling of Iliad, set in 1174 B.C. after ten years of fighting in the Trojan War, the Greek warrior Odysseus decides to travel for home, but instead finds a string of mis-adventures over the sea and land as he, along with a captive Trojan warrior named Circe as well as a group of loyal Greek soldiers, venture on the sea and land to get home to the island kingdom of Icarus and fighting sea sirens, and other mystical creatures to get home to his wife Penelope who is being hounded by a group of suitors hoping she will chose to make one of them their bride. HERE LIES is a film about film-making and the struggles involved in the creative process: artistic, technical, financial and personal. Elmo's World: Families, Mail &amp; Bath Time! is a 2004 Sesame Street video release. It contains three episodes of Elmo's World. This short film by Walerian Borowczyk was made in 1979 but is so little known that when it was rediscovered in 2014 it had not been included in any of his filmographies. Of all Borowczyk's films, this is the one that most clearly shows his love of early cinema and pre-cinema, in this case Charles-Emile Reynaud's praxinoscope.  14,000 year-old "Man from Earth" John Oldman, now teaching in northern California, realizes that not only is he finally starting to age, but four students have discovered his deepest secret, putting his life in grave danger and potentially destroying the world's most popular religion.  Chad Steelman, local legend and deadbeat, recruits a team to take vengeance on the might mythical Pegasus. Angel is one of those typical macho's who does not hold women in high regard. With his fancy talk, his tight suit and his fashionable job as a director of publicity spots, he has ample opportunity to grab as many young aspiring actresses by the pussy as he can. His wife and kid are left to deal with the consequences. This is now drastically coming to an end. One night, when there's once again not enough blood flowing through his brains and too much through his nether regions, he walks into a trap set up by a circle of Celtic Goddesses. They transform him into a zombie and make him a pawn in their plan to end male dominance one and for all. Luckily Angel's not alone. He's part of a brotherhood of undead macho's. They do not only exchange tips in how to mask their increasingly penetrating body odor, they also come up with a plan to sabotage the Goddesses. An evil creature attacks a small mining town. A college student and a cranky outcast must uncover the mystery of the creature's past to put an end to the bloodshed.  Vikram, an ambitious young man who wants to get rich quick, is dejected when his project is rejected by his wealthy client Chandrasekar. He tries to take revenge and that is when he crosses the path of Chandrasekar's daughter Sruthi... Noah spends the perfect first night with the girl of his dreams Avery but gets relegated to the friend zone. He spends the next three years wondering what went wrong - until he gets the unexpected chance to travel back in time and alter that night, and his fate, over and over again. A young actress rehearsing for a play about human trafficking begins to relive terrifying scenes that may be dreams -- or an alternate reality. Romero, a retired fisherman and a forgotten hero by the community, lives isolated in his home, surrounded by ghosts of the life he couldn't have, spirits that materialize before him as his real family. Alcoholic and schizophrenic, surviving on a daily basis. But deep down he feels the time has come to regain what he lost several decades ago, when he brought the oil curse to his own island, the lush Ciudad del Carmen. At the same time at the mysterious Estero Pargo, the goddess Ixchel has been reborn and seeks to mate with humans in order to continue the cycle of life. When Muxe, a Two Spirit Indio, is invited to Europe to attend an ethnological exhibition he falls head over heels in love with Gonzo, a member of a provincial rock band. The two men become entangled in a turbulent adventure involving Cloud People and an ancient clay vase that is reputed to contain a secret message. But before they can overcome the barriers that their different cultures present and confess their love to each other they have a mystery to solve. A secret that once revealed has the power to change life on Earth forever.  After being found by extraterrestrial beings, a survivor of a mysterious incident that decimated part of the human race tries to make sense of the events that led Earth to its tragic fate. Composed entirely of public domain found footage material, the film is an adaptation of the science fiction short story "The Carnivore", by Katherine MacLean. When her husband John has a heart attack while out in a rowboat on the lake, Louise Haloran throws his body overboard and later tells the family that he has left on an urgent business trip. Her main concern is that she can only inherit a part of the family fortune if her husband is alive. The Halorans are a strange family, still grieving over the death of the youngest daughter Kathleen who drowned in a pond when she was just a child. They hold an annual ceremony of remembrance every year on the anniversary of her death. This year however, someone is wielding an ax intent on murder. Due to a fateful occurrence, Yue Wuyi leaves home. He meets revered master Xie Yi, who imparts to him the magical arts of Yan, and thus begins his journey of cultivation. Along the way he meets Wen Renyu, Xia Yize, Ah Ruan and company. They discover the schemes and conspiracies of Shen Ye, the grand priest of Liu Yue City. The group of adventurers undergoes dangers to defeat Shen Ye, and prevent a disaster from befalling the world. An inspirational tale about the relationship between two Sioux Indian brothers living on the Pine Ridge Indian reservation. The oldest pyramid in the world is found in Indonesia. A journalist must team up with an archaeologist and a shaman to uncover the mystery of the pyramid. When they found out that this ancient pyramid is a prison for a malevolent ancient demon, they must stop the demon from breaking out or it's the end of the world, as we know it. After chasing the mysterious Kamen Rider Dark Ghost, who had suddenly appeared, Takeru Tenkuji arrives at a strange village full of historical figures. Attempting to gather 100 Eyecons, Alain's dead brother Argos - Kamen Rider Dark Ghost - wishes to create the Ultimate Eyecon and turn everyone on Earth into ghosts. Meanwhile, Makoto's father Daigo Fukami is seen in the village. Transforming into Kamen Rider Zero Specter, is Daigo an ally or an enemy? Ray meets Helen during a random collision of altered fates. They are strangers, over sixty, lonely, luckless. He hit rock bottom in the big city, she on a small farm. It's a struggle not to give up or in. But then separately and without warning, each becomes overwhelmed by unrelated and extraordinary events. A Tokyo college student is attacked by a ghoul, a super-powered human who feeds on human flesh. He survives, but has become part ghoul and becomes a fugitive on the run. Anarchic activism meets self-irony: Folkbildningsterror harks back to the first John Waters films in which he gathered together his friends from the subculture scene. Emilia is a suburban kid. She goes to school, lives with her Mom and sometimes her Dad, and her life couldn't be more ordinary. But one day Emilia's pet hamster bites her finger. Emilia gets a secret superpower to transform into Super Furball, who can fly and solve problems with her superpowers. At the same time, the herrings in the nearby Baltic Sea bay are screaming for help because of poisoned water. As the Super Furball, Emilia takes it upon herself to fix the situation and finds ways to be more courageous in her own life. A timid and socially alienated 17-year-old high school student's life is turned upside down when she switches places with her sinister mirror image. A man buys a magic set for his son, but the tricks worked better in the store than they do at home. Esma, Berk and Hasan are three people who try to escape the troubles of life with the help of a video game called Discovery. These three young people is sucked into the game in a mystical way. They find themselves in the battle of Gallipoli. Summer is a typical girl raised by a firefighter father which inspired her to follow his footsteps. She then meets Rael by chance a couple of times. Rael realizes he actually likes Summer but proving this to her is much more difficult and challenging. In Kyoto, Mayuko (Haruka Ayase) stands at a crossroad in her life. She's thinking about marriage with her boyfriend Kyoichi (Hiroyuki Hirayama). By an accidental opportunity, Mayuko stays at Honnouji Hotel. There, she meets historical figure Nobunaga Oda (Shinichi Tsutsumi) who is attempting to unify Japan. When Dracula leaves the captive Jonathan Harker and Transylvania for London in search of Mina Harker--the reincarnation of Dracula's long-dead wife, Elisabeta--obsessed vampire hunter Dr. Van Helsing sets out to end the madness. A dedicated student at a medical college and his girlfriend become involved in bizarre experiments centering around the re-animation of dead tissue when an odd new student arrives on campus. In late nineteenth-century Russia, Martin Avdeitch is a humble shoemaker whose life has been characterized by grief. Martin must find the courage to look outside himself and trust in the goodness of God. This BYUtv original holiday special is based on Leo Tolstoy's short story, "Martin the Cobbler," and stars John Rhys-Davies. On the night that Jasper Jones, the town's mixed race outcast shows him the dead body of young Laura Wishart, Charlie's life is changed forever. Entrusted with this secret and believing Jasper to be innocent, Charlie embarks on a dangerous journey to find the true killer. Set over the scorching summer holidays of 1965, Charlie defeats the local racists, faces the breakup of his parents and falls head over heels in love as he discovers what it means to be truly courageous. After destroying a Seminole fort, American soldiers and their rescued companions must face the dangerous Everglades and hostile Indians in order to reach safety An angry internet atheist has a near death experience and must deliver the news of Jesus to his devout internet followers. Alex and Matt are best friends who are complete opposites. Alex is responsible, in-shape and lonely. Matt is immature, overweight and smothered. Secretly, they envy each other's lives and after a strange encounter with a magical bum, swap bodies. Realizing neither had it as easy as they thought, they embark on a crazy journey to get their lives back. "Ophelia did not drown" is a performance art film produced in collaboration with Istituto Luce Cinecitta. The movie integrates heterogeneous languages seemingly incompatible: the sociological national repertoire and original performance art specifically designed for this project. At the center the movie is an Ophelia who is different from any literary tradition: not the fragile teenager in love with Hamlet, but many women of different colors, features and ages. A modern contemporary Ophelia, very sweet but also cynical. Our Ophelia is not lost in the woods of Denmark, but in the countryside of Lazio, from the Gazometro to the junkyard in Cisterna di Latina, from the arid limestone caves of Riano Flaminio to the wonderful futuristic Villa Perugini in Fregene, passing through another thrilling scenic ride on a tourist bus in Rome. our Ophelia eventually does not drown, renouncing her destiny of romantic heroine to become a "normal person". The artist portrays the glories and tragedies of the Eternal City along the banks of the Tiber river in Rome. Haunted by somber visions, forensics photographer Adam retreats from the world, staying home and taking photos of his neighbors until he is dragged into another investigation by his best friend, the detective Man, who asks his help to solve a series of macabre ritual murders. At the same time, Adam's seemingly innocuous pastime soon turns darker when he spies Iva, a young woman from Borneo. Smitten by her, he is soon entangled in her web of mystery and murder. As Adam is dragged further into Iva's tribal world and Man delves deeper into his investigation, they discover the city's mystical underground of shamans and supernatural beings. Four estranged friends reunite and spend the night in a remote country house that was once home to a Manson Family like cult. As the night goes on, the strange rituals in the house's past open connections between the past, the present and the subconscious, forcing all the characters to confront their deepest secrets and darkest demons, or be destroyed by them. A man's life changes after he unknowingly gets super powers and then embarks on a journey that helps him discover the true meaning of love, life, courage, sacrifice, and his role in the world.  Balaji Motion Pictures presents a Brat Films production 'Super Singh'- "Ikk Te Assi Singh, Utton Super' punjabi cinema's 1st superhero film. Directed by national award winning and blockbuster punjabi film director Anurag Singh (Jatt and Juliet 1 & 2 and Punjab 1984). An escalating dispute with the Shadow Clan, a newcomer from the Surface, and all the usual thugs-Eli and the Shane Gang have their hands full from the moment they return home from the Eastern Caverns.  A young woman in her 20s, Chae Meehee, visits middle-aged Cho Sungsook and insists that they were once childhood best friends. Though Cho Sungsook has never seen Chae Meehee before, they become closer at Meehee's insistence. Their pasts cross paths as though they were traveling through time. Monsters once lived in hiding--even from each other--because they were afraid they would be in danger if humans knew they existed. But Draculaura, the daughter of Dracula, along with her best ghoulfriends, dreamt of a school where everyone was welcome and accepted for who they are. Determined to make their dream come true, the ghouls travel the world on an epic adventure to recruit new students. But even in this amazing place, there's drama: a villainess zombie is spreading trouble rather than friendship, and every student must live with the fear that their secret will be revealed. Now the ghouls must save their school so that every monster has a place where they belong and their uniqueness is celebrated! A mild political satire about a peculiar friendship between a lonesome monkey and an (impoverished) zoo warden, and about an upside-down world in transition as seen by a chimpanzee. The King has sent his best Knights to defeat the Dragon besieging his castle. Along their epic adventure they encounter malicious sirens, warrior women on a mission of revenge and an unstoppable army of the undead. Hari is a young, aspiring writer living in the countryside. Hari lives with his mother in their sylvan surroundings. His only excitement, perhaps, is the sight of the doctor's young wife, filling him with hope of an opportunity for flirting. Sometimes, he visits Peter Sir, an old retired school teacher and widower. The two lonely men take pleasure in a curious game, over drinks and exotic dishes. They cut out obituary notices from a local newspaper, put them in a bowl and randomly pick them out, one at a time. They stake small amounts of money against each pick. The person who picks the older victim of death becomes the winner, and pockets the sum. From among the pictures they pick, Peter Sir recognizes two men, Shaji and Kuriakose, whose deaths tell entirely different tales--one of a murder and the other of love. The Bio-Pic on the Life of John West Jr The story of "Bilu Rakkhosh" revolves around the central protagonist "Bilu" who is a direct product of the hollow modernization the current times are going through. Bilu works in IT in a typical corporate environment, although Bilu finds himself strangled and gasping. He loves singing and always wanted to pursue his career as a singer. But he has got trapped himself within his own demons (hence the name!). Bilu is a man stuck in time. His life circles around the same circumference every day, piling up on the frustration of not being able to follow his heart. In search of an escape Bilu who rebelled to be a puppet of the reality imposed by others as he creates his own through his delusions, for Bilu albeit living with inviolable demons inside, is also a dreamer. From the beginning, stories of angels and men have captured our imaginations and have been etched into our history crossing all boundaries of culture, religion, and time. These two races have dominated the landscape of modern mythology for countless centuries, almost washing away the evidence that a third ever existed. This third race, born of smokeless fire, was called the jinn. Similar to humans in many ways, the jinn lived invisibly among us and only under dire or unusual circumstances were our paths ever meant to cross. When star high school athlete Eric needs help with his school work, Emily convinces Eric's mother Carol, that she is perfect tutor for her son but she has other reasons to that stem beyond helping him with his homework. A creature, comes to earth to tear apart worthy human beings. Administering a drug that makes his victims bodies become mechanical, The Creature retrieves the needed parts and blood, to take back to his home, for use. High school student Ichigo Kurosaki lives an ordinary life, besides being able to see ghosts and the blurry memories of his mother death under strange circumstances when he was a kid. His peaceful world suddenly breaks as he meets Rukia Kuchiki, a God of Death. Kaashmora, a present era black magic specialist; Rajnayak, an ancient era warlord and Ratnamahadevi is his queen. How these three are connected? What are the issues that arise? In a perfect, violent-free world, a young vagabond must decide between human decency or self-interest when it comes to the matter of assassinating three people and gifting their corpses to a powerful figure full of impossible wishes.  A young mermaid comes to New York to pursue her dream and reach the Pacific Ocean. Guided by the music, she embarked on a journey of self-discovery across the United States. The people she meets on the way think her to be a muse and guide her to the stars of Hollywood. But what has become of the American dream? King Arthur, accompanied by his squire, recruits his Knights of the Round Table, including Sir Bedevere the Wise, Sir Lancelot the Brave, Sir Robin the Not-Quite-So-Brave-As-Sir-Lancelot and Sir Galahad the Pure. On the way, Arthur battles the Black Knight who, despite having had all his limbs chopped off, insists he can still fight. They reach Camelot, but Arthur decides not  to enter, as "it is a silly place". An anthology that tells four horror stories centered around a stolen "cursed" comic book. A criminal on the run cons his way into the wrong dinner party where the host is anything but ordinary. "Tam Cam: The Untold" is inspired by the fairy tale Tam Cam. Father died early, the stepmother and Cam bullying Tam until she meet Prince (Isaac) and became his wife. However, the story of the film much is still not mentioned in the fairy tale "Cinderella", will be the first time Ngo Thanh Van transmission of movies using new image and unique. The story is about medieval warrior who fights for the honor of his land and the dignity of the womenfolk. The story travels centuries apart as he emerges in another role as a modern Indian equivalent of James Bond, a stylish top secret agent. The marauding aliens run amok, as they are hundreds of years ahead in technology. LionHeart is their only stumbling block in their march to overpower Planet Earth. Will LionHeart manage with his primitive weapons, or will he surrender. There is romance apart from action and high drama and finally, an amazing twist in the tale!! An unemployed Brit vents his rage on unsuspecting strangers as he embarks on a nocturnal London odyssey. 'Colkatay Columbus' is a satirical film which is set in present day, modern Kolkata. Where people are busy with their own lives and struggles, which leaves them in constant need of a rescuer or a hero who will be there for them in their time of need.  In Colkatay Columbus, writer and director Saurav Palodhi has shown how everyone, from the ordinary person to a legend, is in search of something.  The story unfolds through an encounter of Columbus and two boys in Kolkata. When Columbus somehow lands up in Kolkata in 2016, he is surprised to see that everyone is in search of something. He is in search of roads that would lead him back home while the boys are in search for Columbus to get him to offer tips on attaining success. Columbus starts doling out suggestions to the boys but is also put off by the "competition". In the town of Sakurada, where about half of the residents have special abilities, Kei Asai (Shuhei Nomura) is a high school student and is able to remember everything. Misora Haruki (Yuina Kuroshima) is also a high school student and she has the power to reset the world by 3 days. If they use both of their powers together, they can go back in time by 3 days and retain their memory. They are watched by the administrative bureau. A remake of a funny quack doctor who was originally portrayed by the late comedian Chiquito in 1979. Its a story of the quack doctor's son and his adventures with the magical bandana.  Jesse 01776 and Sonja 01984 team up in rebellion against the self-proclaimed Boss of America and his soulless goons and thugs, embarking on a bloodthirsty adventure of romance and revenge. In an isolated village of the Alentejo region, a conflict arises. Jose Vitorino, one of the landowners of the region, rich in prehistoric monuments, wants to build a luxurious solarium in lands filled with ancient rocks, places of devotion and sacred rituals.  Indifferent to the people's protest, who believe in the magical powers of the stones and that the region's drought is due to the rocks' destruction, Jose Vitorino hires an architect to plan his new house. On christmas eve, in the middle of the winter solstice, a strange ceremony around a dolmen, once an altar for bloody sacrifices in more remote times, releases a harmful spell. A race against time to reverse the faulty charm begins. A rancher, his clairvoyant wife and their family face turbulent years in South America. Scooby-Doo and Shaggy must go into the underworld ruled by the Goblin King in order to stop a mortal named The Amazing Krudsky who wants power and is a threat to their pals, Fred, Velma and Daphne. A teenage girl only 13 years old, Cris, with a serious heart condition for which their life expectancy is very short, decides to give his destiny Victor, a vampire who will discover a world of opportunities with him. Andrea and Felice are two boys whose lives center around the sea. One day during a fishing excursion their usual routine is disturbed when something unexpected appears from the water. Christy Lam is a smart worker who always performs professional in her job field. However, Christy has to deal with various internal conflicts, with her career, love issues and physical states in turning 30. She has just reached a low ebb at this stage.  Wong Tin Lok, an optimistic girl that turning into 30 too. As Wong's mother passed away when she was young, so Wong has to live life all on her own. Wong is working as a sales in a CD shops with low income, and doesn't even find the Mr. Right yet. However, Wong still stay positive and plan to visit Paris in fulfilling her dream.  These two girls share the same birth date but with different personality. After Lam moves to live with Wong, occurs subtle changes begin in their life. Alice Howland, happily married with three grown children, is a renowned linguistics professor who starts to forget words. When she receives a devastating diagnosis, Alice and her family find their bonds tested. Dr. Paul Morgan is stunned to discover witchcraft and voodoo being practiced in the 20th century. while treating the citizens of a small village in the Philippines, Morgan falls for pretty young widow Elena, who becomes the target of a black witch who has swiped a valuable ring from the grave of Elena's late husband. (IMDb)  Morioh, 1999--a normally quiet and peaceful town has recently become a hotbed of strange activity. Joutarou Kuujou, now a marine biologist, heads to the mysterious town to meet Jousuke Higashikata. While the two may seem like strangers at first, Jousuke is actually the illegitimate child of Joutarou's grandfather, Joseph Joestar. When they meet, Joutarou realizes that he may have more in common with Jousuke than just a blood relation.  Along with the mild-mannered Kouichi Hirose and the boisterous Okuyasu Nijimura, the group dedicates themselves to investigating recent disappearances and other suspicious occurrences within Morioh. Aided by the power of Stands, the four men will encounter danger at every street corner, as it is up to them to unravel the town's secrets, before another occurs. A series of collective dreams of a transworldly being visits a myriad of characters, revealing their subconscious desires. Nagarahavu is about a woman transforming into a snake to seek revenge. A man returns to his hometown of Memphis looking for his brothers, who are in trouble with the law. Inspired by the song "Long Way Back Home" by Lucero. Heather Graham and James Purefoy play a couple who desperately want to have a baby. Unfortunately, she has been diagnosed as infertile, and the couple can't afford the medical treatments that might allow her to conceive. Good fortune appears to be smiling on the couple when they are given an opportunity to receive free treatments at a mysterious fertility clinic. Aiman, who deals with never-ending problems starts to wonder the judgment given by God which brings him to stuck in another dimension leading him being fully alone until he starts meeting a mysterious woman named Maya. A faded television actor and his stunt double strive to achieve fame and success in the film industry during the final years of Hollywood's Golden Age in 1969 Los Angeles. Parn is a stubborn old woman in her 70's whose only pleasure in life is to brag about her son who she single-handedly raised to be a professor. One day, she learns that her son is planning to send her off to a nursing home. While wondering the street in shock and grave disappointment, she is drawn to a mysterious light and walks into a photo studio called 'Chaya Lumruek.' She puts on a makeup for the first time to get her portrait take, but when she leaves she is shocked to see her reflection. Skin fair and supple and slender figure, she's gone back to being a vibrant 20-year-old young woman again! With no one recognizing her, she sees it as a second chance at life and decides to take advantage of her new-found youth that she never got to enjoy in her old days... A Christian farmer searching for a higher purpose to life, falls into sin and wakes up as the Prince of Darkness in the city of Stavanger, Norway. Returning from the states to marry his girlfriend, a common man is blamed for the murder of a local don due to their enmity in the past. He is caught in a web of conspiracies as he struggles to prove his innocence and the don's in-laws order their henchmen to take him down. Nobody ever dies in the city of perfection. During the Late Tang Dynasty, a manor is invaded by a demon cat and a sense of unrest befalls the capital of Changan.  A poet is charged with investigating the case and meets up with a monk.  The two work together and pull apart the thread of clues to reveal a history of truths leading to the events. A college graduate goes to work as a nanny for a rich New York family. Ensconced in their home, she has to juggle their dysfunction, a new romance, and the spoiled brat in her charge. A woman and her angry mother travel together to the execution of a man they never met. Katya has a powerful gift: she sees ghosts. When her twin sister disappears, Katya begins a desperate search. Police insist her sister doesn't exist, that she is a figment of Katya's twisted imagination. However, during her search Katya discovers that there is a serial killer loose on the streets, and her sister is one of his victims. There is still hope to save her, but in a dark and mysterious city full of secrets, you can't trust anyone. Not even yourself... Is a young woman being stalked by her ex, or is she imagining things? Lucy Hill is an ambitious up-and-coming executive living in Miami. She loves her shoes, she loves her cars and she loves climbing the corporate ladder. When she is offered a temporary assignment - in the middle of nowhere - to restructure a manufacturing plant, she jumps at the opportunity, knowing that a big promotion is close at hand. What begins as a straight-forward assignment becomes a life-changing experience as Lucy discovers greater meaning in her life and, most unexpectedly, the man of her dreams. Raama, who is a devotee of Lord Venkateswara, denounces worldly pleasures including his soon-to-be-bride and maradalu Bhavani and ends up at Tirumala. He decides to change the face of Tirumala by turning it into 'Kaliyuga Vaikuntham' both for pilgrims and the deity with the help of Krishnamma. His endeavours to do so, the hurdles and his encounters with the Lord himself is the story. 15-year-old Mia faces an overwhelming transformation which puts her entire existence into question. Her body is changing radically, and despite desperate attempts to halt the process, Mia is soon forced to accept that nature is far more powerful than she is. Down on the banks of the Maroni River, little Derreck dreams of heroic warriors. He's a member of the Wayana tribe in French Guyana. In this film, Derreck is not our only portal into another world. His sister Sylvana also dreams - of an impossible love, who belongs to a different tribe. Their grandmother Malilou takes us back to her youth in the 1950s. It seems that everyone wanders off now and again into a parallel, at times almost ghostly world. Whereas the youngest members of the tribe can still lose themselves in boundless flights of fantasy, the older generation contemplates more existential questions. How do dreams of the future relate to identity? What makes you a real Wayana? A deep dive into the hidden world of constructed languages and the fascinating people who make them. A reimagining of the early years of Elvis and Priscilla Presley's marriage A romantic comedy centered on Dexter and Emma, who first meet during their graduation in 1988 and proceed to keep in touch regularly. The film follows what they do on July 15 annually, usually doing something together. In 1905, a man travels to a remote island in search of his missing sister who has been kidnapped by a mysterious religious cult. The story of a young poor aspiring filmmaker who is trying to raise money to make a short film about a man who stops trains while having to deal with family issues such as his mother's illness. In the 1940s, Muggles clashed in a violent world war, but in the world of wizards a much greater threat, hidden in the shadows since its birth, is about to sow fear and death. From the London shallows to the Ministry of Magic, no one knows the name of the evil that rages in the shadows. Elyana Ogden, recently certified auror, is entrusted with an investigation into strange series of murders. She does not suspect that her path will lead her to meet the most dangerous dark lord of all time. Chen Duling as a young woman who must fight her way through a mysterious, holographic game world designed by her late father to avenge his death. Hassan who is a skint wants to pay back the debt of his father to Malek Salman who is a fraud. In a virtual world Hassan became an imaginary person but the love of Malek Salman's daughter is hindering him from continuing on his mission. A down-on-his-luck man discovers that his new apartment is inhabited by a self-absorbed ghost. Anxious Durga and her friend, Kabeer are running away from their village at midnight. On the same night there is a huge festival happening at the village temple where Goddess Durga is being worshipped. Devotees are offering their body and mind to please their Goddess. At the same time the woman, Durga, faces complete darkness of the night on the highway. Some drivers offer help to Durga and Kabeer to reach the railway station. Their journey filled with darkness and agony is mystical. Devi Durga is the Goddess of power but what about the woman Durga who is in the midst of darkness? The Kingdom Of Shadows is a mystical cinematic experience which stirs from the darkness the spirits of our ancestors and reawakens the horror of unresolved crimes and denied desires. After a serious car accident, Lukasz discovers that the blue door in his new room lead to alternate reality. A World War II satire that follows a lonely German boy whose world view is turned upside down when he discovers his single mother is hiding a young Jewish girl in their attic. Aided only by his idiotic imaginary friend, Adolf Hitler, Jojo must confront his blind nationalism. Brutal killings occur at a campsite over a cursed mask. From horror and sex comedy to musical, Outdoor Begins appeals to audiences by covering all kinds of genres.   Aspiring cartoonist and middle-aged gumbuster Cliff Morelli (Jeremy Koerner, Black Cat Whiskey, New York Lately) spends his days at the Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk performing minimum wage janitorial duties. When he is put on suspension after harassing a teenager and his parents threaten to throw him out of the house, Cliff decides to actively pursue his lifelong animation dreams by reconnecting with his rich brother Jack. After a failed attempt and a string of bad luck, Cliff finds himself at the mercy of the animated characters he has created, and together, they form a devilish plan to exact revenge on all those that have wronged him. A visual effects artist gets possessed by an evil spirit and tries to get rid of it until he meets another innocent soul possessed by spirits. Once upon a time, you were born. In the Philippines, there was no science education when you were a child. When they began to offer it in your adulthood, you leapt at the chance and studied harder than everyone else. You learned of kingdoms and species and genes and atoms. Science helped you to see the bigger world beyond. You studied so well, an American university paid you to keep studying with them, so you left. You gained mastery over the evolution of birds there, but you missed home the whole time. You lost your first wife and son to Science. So with degree in hand, you went back to your people. You found that they had burned their forests, and had exploded their seas. So you gave a new bird to your people; because, now you knew how to use it to save them. This was the piding. And the rest is the story of Oliver Carlos. A police detective assigned to work a gay bar on an undercover drug operation gets hooked up with a gay student hustler.  After the student witnesses a murder, the cop provides him an alibi and invites him to stay at his apartment. There a homosexual relationship develops... A father and son, who fail to understand each other, decide to sort out their issues with the help of their family friend in an unusual and bizarre way. Recently deceased, a white-sheeted ghost returns to his suburban home to console his bereft wife, only to find that in his spectral state he has become unstuck in time, forced to watch passively as the life he knew and the woman he loves slowly slip away. Mokhi media presents Loopy (2017) Young Muscovite Kirill is a talented designer of computer games. One day, he is completely erased from the memory of everyone he knew and loved. Kirill learns that he has been chosen for an important and mysterious mission: to become a customs officer between parallel worlds, of which there are dozens in the universe. Will Kirill unravel the mystery of these worlds and who controls them? And is our Earth really just an imaginary "draft" -- a parallel world -- which in reality does not exist ... A pair of teenagers in Western Australia looking to escape the monotony of life in a small town take up surfing lessons from a guy named Sando. Days after her friends disappear during a trip to a mysterious cave, a girl is approached by a grown man claiming to be one of her missing pals. Feeling they do not have much to do today, Kodaka suggests that everyone participate in a round-robin story, in which everyone takes turns writing a chapter of a novel. Naturally, things do not go well as each member tilts the story towards their preferences and desires. An experimental film shot on VHS. The personification of death traverses through separate stories discussing love, life, religion and beauty as she tries to help an assortment of characters through their final stop.  Dream Nightmare The Blocher Experience tells the story of Switzerland's most controversial political leader. It also chronicles the face-to-face encounter between a film-maker and a man of power, through a year of exclusive, up-close interviews and access to his private life. A college student starts to experience extreme seizures. She soon learns that the violent episodes are a symptom of inexplicable abilities.  Sarah is a solitary 17-year old girl.  She struggles to connect with people, a reality her listless bourgeois family fails to understand.  Sarah wishes she had a boyfriend, a friend, someone she can connect to.  Instead, she struggles with depression, and perpetuating a loop that only serves to isolate her further.  Yet Sarah finds an outlet in her high school drama class-- when she performs she becomes someone else entirely, another character able to give truth to her most hidden desires.  But sublimation through art leads Sarah down a dangerous path to a secret only she can keep. A young girl is abducted by a man, who claims that a cult is hunting her. His goal is to protect her until sunrise but while restrained, the young girl falls deathly ill. While her friends and family search for her, the source of her illness becomes more and more apparent. She's not sick...she's changing. A unique relationship between two women that transcends time and space. In the prehistoric past, Keda, a young and inexperienced hunter, struggles to return home after being separated from his tribe when bison hunting goes awry. On his way back he will find an unexpected ally. A woman of Turkish ascent, following ancient Anatolian healing rites, dreams her way through fragments of memory, both personal and collective. Guided by a mythological character, Kheiron the Centaur, she travels freely between the ruins of an ancient Roman hospital and the streets of a mountain village, high above the river Euphrates. Time and space become dislocated, opening up passages between worlds. An inner experience translated into a film poem, KAZARKEN explores memory as a place of struggle against oblivion and the violence of hidden history. In the beginning of the 20th century, five children on the island of La Reunion commit a savage crime. As punishment, a Dutch captain takes them to a supernatural island with luxuriant vegetation and bewitching powers. February, 2011. In a small village of West Bengal - Swapna and Shucheta - two young women in love with each other - took their own lives, leaving a letter claiming love, life, recognition... a letter challenging violence, hate, invisibilisation. No one from their families came to claim their dead bodies. They died as they dared to love. Their bodies remained unclaimed by family and society. What if they were not dead but alive today? Like many other couples, Aparna-Kajlee from Bongaaon, Moyna-Bandana from Purulia... They died for love but still live among us. What if Swapna and Shucheta ran away and survived? How would their life together look like and their desire? If you dare Desire, is a film of possibilities. Beyond the domination of patriarchy and hetero-normativity, the women in love resist with their bodies, with their hearts. They live many lives. They die many deaths. They resist and they dream. In the daily struggles of a far-away village. In the dark glitters of a big city. A feature film based on the documentary "Our Brand Is Crisis", which focuses on the use of American political campaign strategies in South America. A young woman at life's crossroads is granted mystic visions of how her decisions will affect her future life. The Oubliette is a 1914 silent drama film directed by Charles Giblyn, featuring Murdock MacQuarrie and Lon Chaney.[1] This film and By the Sun's Rays are two of Chaney's earliest surviving films. As a chrysalis between dream and reality, to be another body, trans, be <<another with others>>. An intimate deconstruction into the exploration of sexualit(ies). Afraid of the outside world, Emily (Savanah McMahon) seeks an unorthodox therapist that tells her of a spell that will rid her of her phobia by summoning a Dead Ring. One night, when all the women are abducted from the village, Sabri Firildak and his friends enter a magical forest to get their wives back. A police detective and his partner make some unusual discoveries about the nature of time and space. Ten people arrive at a secluded mountain resort to find it completely deserted. With no gas for the return trip, the visitors are forced to stay and investigate the mystery surrounding the abandoned lodge. The second televised production of "A Midsummer Night's Dream" with Helen Mirren in the cast, although this time in a different role (Titania). In the 1968 production, which was released to movie theatres in Europe, but premiered in the U.S. on CBS-TV, Ms. Mirren played Hermia. A zombie apocalypse threatens the sleepy town of Little Haven - at Christmas - forcing Anna and her friends to fight, slash and sing their way to survival, facing the undead in a desperate race to reach their loved ones. But they soon discover that no one is safe in this new world, and with civilization falling apart around them, the only people they can truly rely on are each other. The question is, whether Katya Golubeva, an icon of the European underground cinema, determined her fate with the parts she played, or the fate of her characters affected her own fate? Soo-hyun comes across magical pills that allow him to go back and forth in time. 30 years to the past, young Soo-hyun meets future Soo-hyun and learns that his girlfriend will soon die because of him. In order to save her, the two Soo-hyuns try to change the past together, but a completely new and unexpected past is formed that leads to a new future. Asterix and Obelix depart on an adventure to complete twelve impossible tasks to prove to Caesar that they are as strong as the Gods. You'll roar with laughter as they outwit, outrun, and generally outrage the very people who are trying to prove them "only human". Tim, a newly trained Elf, wanders off from his people and is captured by the local circus. Saved by young Teresa, together they form an unbreakable bond. But the only way to truly save Tim, will be finding a way to get him back to the other Elves. After the death of princess hanyang of the southern tang dynasty, she turned into a skeleton succubiness, who borrowed the first beautiful woman in the south of the Yangtze river, ximenyan skin, and transformed into a young woman with a charming an.Scholar wang ziyu encounters the skeleton succubi that incarnate ximen yan accidentally, see admire, knot qin jin in all.Unexpectedly, the bride is hiding under the skin of demons.The wife Chen ying that is driven out of a house prince jade, see wang jia encounters evil spirit misfortune, invite exorcist path grows urn and its apprentice small steamed stuffed bun.Kill the skeleton banshee on the earth, the exorcist daoren who is bent on behead, and stage a battle of love and hatred between people and demons.The film is based on the Chinese classical novel liaozhai zhiyi.  A small town gorilla joins a local TV program and a series of on-air mishaps threaten to shatter his identity, sending him on an adventure of self-discovery where reality and fantasy start to blend. When a son attempts to reconcile with his father, a series of fateful events allow him to experience the father's life in the past. A present-day idyllic kingdom where the benevolent teenage son of King Adam and Queen Belle offers a chance of redemption for the trouble making offspring of Disney's classic villains: Cruella De Vil (Carlos), Maleficent (Mal), the Evil Queen (Evie) and Jafar (Jay). The third installment of the blockbuster fantasy series sees the return of the Monkey King (Aaron Kwok) in his most action-packed adventure yet! While continuing their epic journey to the West, the Monkey King and his companions are taken captive by the Queen of an all-female land, who believes them to be part of an ancient prophecy heralding the fall of her kingdom. With a lot of sorcery and a little bit of charm, the travelers devise a plan to escape. But when their trickery angers the mighty River God, they realize they might just bring about the foretold destruction - unless they can find a way to quell her wrath. On the outskirts of a kingdom, a quiet but fierce medieval warrior protects the realm from monsters and the occult. His gruesome collection of heads is missing only one - the monster that killed his daughter years ago. Driven by a thirst for revenge, he travels wild expanses on horseback. When his second chance arrives, it's in a way far more horrifying than he ever imagined. The world has been reshaped by the invasion of ghosts via the wireless internet. Cities are deserted, technology has been destroyed and the few remaining human beings eschew anything electrical in order to avoid a confrontation with the soulless ghosts that now wander the planet. Most of the ghosts are doomed to a repetitive loop of something they did while they were still despairing humans (a man repeatedly hangs himself, for example), but there are some ghosts so locked in denial, they do not know they are dead. They continue to haunt their homes, wrapped in fear that their souls will soon be torn from them. Darken is set in a bizarre, mysterious, and violent unknown world with danger and death around every corner. After a young woman is accosted by a dying warrior in the middle of the street, a bizarre incantation propels her into the realm of Darken - a violent prison-like world of labyrinthine rooms, interconnected with no apparent rhyme or reason and no way of escape. As she fights for survival within this brutal place, she finds allies who are rebelling against the rule of a self-appointed religious despot who demands allegiance to an all-powerful god called "Mother Darken." Eve and her allies must fight with everything they have if they are to have any hope of surviving the horrors Darken has in store for them. New horror anthology that explore the morbid side of the deep and dark web. A strange nobleman returning after years abroad to a small Bohemian village in the beginning of 19th century. The nobleman feels closer to animals despite looking like a human. When a gun-toting rebel tries to rescue her kidnapped sister, she finds herself up against a widely feared desperado and a cursed guardian of treasure. Set in an alternate universe, the ancient capital of Kamakura is a vibrant town where fantastical creatures live alongside humans. Akiko is a cheerful publishing assistant who moves into town after marrying Masakazu, a popular mystery writer. Akiko is surprised by the unusual town but enjoys the new curiosities surrounding her. However, just as she was beginning to settle in, a trifling incident sweeps her spirit to the underworld too soon. Convinced that destiny has something else in store for his wife, Masakazu journeys into the underworld to bring back Akiko's spirit. Invisible forces exert power over us in our sleep. A mercenary named Ink, on a literal nightmare mission, captures the spirit of 8-year-old Emma in the dream world. To save her, the dream-givers marshal all their resources, focusing on saving the soul of Emma's tragically broken father.  Sun Wukong (Eddie Peng) and Erlang Shen (Shawn Yue) come to the Immortal Mountain to cultivate their skills. They gain friendship, experience love and ultimately betrayal, growing throughout their life journey. Spain, under Philip IV (1621-1665). The film is based on a novel by Gonzalo Torrente Ballester. The King (Gabino Diego) is stunned to see the naked body of Marfisa (Laura del Sol), the most beautiful prostitute of the town and Court. After that, he also wants to see the Queen (Anne Roussel) naked. However, the King, despite the opposition and the scandal of the Church, will not stop until he reaches his wishes. Distraught when her middle-aged lover breaks a date with her, 21-year-old Toni Simmons attempts suicide. Impressed by her action, her lover, dentist Julian Winston reconsiders marrying Toni, but he worries about her insistence on honesty. Having fabricated a wife and three children, Julian readily accepts when his devoted nurse, Stephanie, who has secretly loved Julian for years, offers to act as his wife and demand a divorce.  A disgraced soccer star seeks redemption but is exploited by a variety of causes hoping to capitalize on his celebrity.  A fairy tale set in the bucolic countryside of Central Europe at the turn of the 20th century. Anka, an orphan girl, bravely sets off in the pursuit of a home, facing the hardships of life, and ultimately finds her place with the help of a magical world and its mysterious creatures.  Monster High: Ghouls Rule unearths an old conflict between "Normies" and monsters - and things are about to get scary! For years, students at Monster High were warned that Halloween was a night to stay inside and avoid conflict at all costs. But Frankie and her friends discover that ghouls and "Normies" once loved to spend the holiday together! The ghouls decide to turn back the clock and use the night to celebrate their individuality and show that it's okay to "Be Yourself. Be Unique. Be a Monster!" Catherine and Blake just tied the knot. Samuel and Catherine have a long and intimate history which is significant to the fact that Samuel and Blake are best friends. When Samuel decides not to attend their wedding under some pretense that no one believes, he invites the newlyweds to Nadi Vineyards for a week-long party in paradise to make up for his absence. Records spin, wine flows, and bottles pile up. What unfolds over the course of this week will rearrange the geometry of Samuel, Catherine, and Blake's relationships and test the boundaries of their complicated, revolving love for one another. In the story, the seasons have changed and it will soon be the second spring. Tatsuya and Miyuki have finished their first year at First Magic High School and are on their spring break. The two go to their villa on the Ogasawara Island archipelago. After only a small moment of peace a lone young woman named Kokoa appears before them. She has abandoned the Naval base and she tells Tatsuya her one wish. Joel and Ellie, a pair connected through the harshness of the world they live in, are forced to endure brutal circumstances and ruthless killers on a trek across post-pandemic America. no movie overview When Gypsy returns back to her town she brings more than just a Doll. With the help of an unsuspecting friend she is able to summon Lucy, A Sex ghost from years gone by. With the Doll now in the possession of Leslie the supernatural Ecstasy has been released on all who are around her. Luckily for Leslie she has a friend who thinks she knows how to stop it, But will she be able to or will everyone just give into the temptation that is Lucy? Samantha got mixed up with the wrong crowd on what should have been a night of fun, Now she's dead but thanks to a Necromancer she is back and picked up a few special powers. Now she is out for revenge but doing it her own sexy way Penny is tormented by a paranormal entity called Straw Man. Only the engmatic Librarian can help her fight this evil presence. Based on the graphic novel by James Willard and Patrick Beavers. This is a sort of documentary made by Vilgot Sjoman about Vilgot Sjoman as a sort of cinematic autobiography aired on Swedish television originally in 1992.  The Nomad is a historical epic set in 18th-century Kazakhstan. The film is a fictionalised account of the youth and coming-of-age of Ablai Khan, as he grows and fights to defend the fortress at Hazrat-e Turkestan from Dzungar invaders. Gil Kyle finds himself caught up in the politics and unrest of the American Civil War and soon gets himself framed for a murder. His only alibi is Candace Bronson, who is aiding the Confederate cause and has left the territory to deliver a vital message about a Yankee gold shipment. So he sets off in pursuit, running into desperados, government agents, and guerrilla fighters, who are more interested in profit than ideals. Written by Alfred Jingle Saalai (The Road), the story of one man's inner struggle, a Psychological Thriller based on an Idea driven by strange encounters, shot in -30degC FREEZING COLD and DANGEROUS landscape presented for the first ever time in Tamil Cinema.   Joseph and Maria are married for six months and Maria still has never had an orgasm with her husband. They begin to visit mysterious doctor Baltazar who teaches them how to reach ecstasy in sex. A compilation of 28 short films about kaijus. With the arrival of electricity in the region under the British rule, the Odiyan clan that possesses the supernatural powers to assume animal form find it difficult to survive as they are ruthlessly captured and killed by the British. How the last Odiyan tries to save his clan with his stealth attacks, forms the crux. Sony Pictures Entertainment and The Walt Disney Company jointly announced that Marvel Studios and its President Kevin Feige will produce the third film in the "Spider-Man: Homecoming" series, starring Tom Holland. The film is scheduled to release on July 16, 2021. Chantel is a spoiled brat cursed to be a mermaid after she disturbed corals under the sea. With the help of her best friend Noah, they go on a journey to find her Prince Charming who she believes will break the curse she's in. 'Nabi' is a sushi chef trainee. One day, Nabi moves next to Ejung's house and her cat 'Yamma' catches Nabi's attention. Due to Nabi's secret ability, he can see and even talk to the soul in the cat. Since Nabi takes care of Yamma with Ejung's favors. Then, it causes them to close to each other. Berenice is a dedicated female taxi driver in Rio de Janeiro. She is consumed by her job and the little free time she has needs to be divided between raising her son Thiago, a teenager exploring his sexuality, and her troubled relationship with her husband Domingos, a police reporter. The scars of the worn-out relationship, ruined by her husband's violent outbursts, have erased her femininity and led her into a great existential emptiness. The murder of Isabelle, a beautiful transgender woman, on Copacabana Beach, ignites her investigative side and transforms her life. The story of a girl who could change her life and who can also change yours to the point that you will not recognize it. The eccentric Captain Seafield hires a crew of specialists to help him plot revenge against the creature that killed his father. After several failed attempts, Seafield is forced to take matters into his own drunken hands. What began as a simple case of man verses beast soon plunges down a rabbit hole of mysterious unknowns and Lovecraftian hijinks. Lake Michigan Monster -- banned in four lakes! A dive down to the collective subconscious, where the man's stinking corpse is broken down into nourishing soil from which we are born again and rise to the surface with a new feminine thinking and feeling and unimaginable perversions. An artful film with a sweet side, but also violent sex scenes and a perverse taste. Two women confront their boyfriend, a two-timing actor who professed eternal love to each. Purehearted teen Lazzaro is content living as a sharecropper in rural Italy, but an unlikely friendship with the marquise's son will change his world. The adventures of Rohan Kishibe, as he goes around uncovering mysteries. A visiting city reporter's assignment suddenly revolves around the murder trial of a local millionaire, whom he befriends. Two clumsy devils Popelak and Uhelak, punished by the ruler of hell, embark on a journey to bring two sinful souls from earth. A single mother and her daughter are forced to stop by a black car on the way home. When they regain consciousness, they are in a Karst cave with seven strangers. The game is to find out a killer among the nine. In a suburban community, moms and dads, one after the other, mysteriously feel the irresistible impulse to attack and kill their own offspring. When a single, successful female lawyer is involved in a highway car accident, she wakes up to find herself in an alternate reality where she's forced take on the responsibility of a full time mother and wife, dealing with her demanding architect husband and two difficult children. Sophie, a young volunteer, meets her kindred spirit in Roxie, a girl with a life threatening medical condition and a unique wish to meet Bigfoot. The world is on the brink of catastrophe in a chaotic age where evil demons roam. In order to keep evil at bay, a mysterious organisation from the pugilist world emerges. A new constable and a young girl with a mysterious past are also drawn into this group, and the group embarks on an incredible adventure. Two amateur Ufologists investigate a woman's claim that aliens are watching her. This is that footage, compiled and released by The Civilian Department of Ufology, a privately owned UFO research and investigation organization. Eight-year old Dominique has a name-day. Her parents have a gift for her, but only give it to her in the evening, when everybody has come home from work. Then she darts out, where her girlfriends are already waiting for her. A man investigates a memory of places and people. The evidence drifts deeper and deeper into an unforgivable jungle; he might not be the true owner of his memories, his thoughts may not be of his own, it may not even be his body. (IMDb)  Early short film by director Michael Reeves, where two young men break into a house and terrorise the woman who ives there. Batman raises the stakes in his war on crime. With the help of Lt. Jim Gordon and District Attorney Harvey Dent, Batman sets out to dismantle the remaining criminal organizations that plague the streets. The partnership proves to be effective, but they soon find themselves prey to a reign of chaos unleashed by a rising criminal mastermind known to the terrified citizens of Gotham as the Joker. An estranged couple's therapy appointment reveals the existence of a hidden world. All children, except one, grow up...  Captured live at the National Theatre, a recorded performance of JM Barrie's much-loved tale screens in cinemas.  When Peter Pan, leader of the Lost Boys, loses his shadow, headstrong Wendy helps him to reattach it. In return, she is invited to Neverland, where Tinker Bell the fairy, Tiger Lily and the vengeful Captain Hook await. A riot of magic, music and make-believe ensues.  A delight for children and adults alike, Sally Cookson (NT Live: Jane Eyre) directs this wondrously inventive production, a co-production with Bristol Old Vic theatre. There is a strange feeling around Earth and Triforce just before the completion of the world's first mechanimal, Disc Cannon. Black Mirror who was thought to be dead, has revived and is seeking revenge. He turns all the mechanimals into Black Mechanimals and starts to destroy the world. The tamers start preparing for the final battle in the most dangerous of times...  When his father dies, Terry (Gary Sinese) returns to the house where he grew up, planning to stay only long enough to clean and settle the estate. Yet something indescribable keeps him there longer than expected. Soon, he is reunited with memories and people from his past and his life is changed forever. Contemporary Moscow. While riding her bicycle one day, Alyona, a shy librarian, accidentally collides with Liza, a dazzling blonde. When she wakes up in the hospital, she discovers that she and Liza have exchanged bodies.  It is the story, the process of becoming more and simultaneously less than human through technology as it follows a few characters through this transformation of becoming.  Buon appetito! Grab your taste buds and your passport for a multisensory tour of the cities of northern Italy and Tuscany, where the sumptuous food and lush scenery are equally delicious. Under the tutelage of the country's most famous culinary minds, you'll study the history of each region and learn how to prepare a menu of the savory traditional dishes that have helped to make Italy one of the most visited cuisine capitals in the world. An ordinary guy suddenly finds he has superpowers he can use to help his spirited daughter and the people around them, but he also runs into trouble in the process. A hard-working small business owner and his two associates travel to Europe to close the most important deal of their lives.  But what began as a routine business trip goes off the rails in every imaginable - and unimaginable - way, including unplanned stops at a massive sex fetish event and a global economic summit. A young burnout couple enters the dangerous world of dream farming, a counter-economy in which the impoverished sell their dreams to the wealthy. Kenji is a young aspiring movie director. He falls in love with Princess Miyuki who came from a black-and-white movie. The Devil, disguised as an insurance salesman, appears in the suburbs of London. In this one-of-a-kind fantasy comedy, Didi is an aspiring actress trying to prove herself to her superstar sister. She keeps having the same dream about love affairs of a woman named Xu Chunmei, who owns a spaceship restaurant known for a noodle soup with ancestral secret recipe. After overcoming countless hardships, Didi finally gets her long expected career breakthrough, but life takes unexpected turns at the same time and the truths about her dreams start to unveil. A hilarious and tearful ode to the golden age of local variety entertainment, reputed TV host and best-selling author Kevin Tsai's directorial debut stars his longtime partner Dee Hsu(Little S) in the most influential TV show in the Chinese speaking world, Kangsi Coming. Gideonette, a timid and visionary girl, lives with her parents in a small town. Her dad Gideon, battles daily to allay her fears about the curse of the Gideon de La Reys. Throughout their family history every Gideon de La Rey died in a freak accident at a young age. In order to prove everyone wrong, Gideon named his daughter - Gideonette. Although Gideonette has had to endure endless teasing about the curse, her dad has tried to convince her that they'll both grow old. When he suddenly dies, her worst fears are realized and she retreats into a dark world where her imagination runs wild. In New York City, bright but naive New Englander Anne Welles becomes a secretary at a theatrical law firm, where she falls in love with attorney Lyon Burke. Anne befriends up-and-coming singer Neely O'Hara, whose dynamic talent threatens aging star Helen Lawson and beautiful but talentless actress Jennifer North. The women experience success and failure in love and work, leading to heartbreak, addiction and tragedy. Dedunu Akase  is a 2017 Sri Lankan Sinhala romantic film directed by Priyantha Colombage and produced by EAP Network Swarnavahini Production. It stars Hemal Ranasinghe in the lead role, along with newcomers Chulakshi Ranatunga and Shanel Fernando, both professional models. The music was composed by Chitral Somapala. It is the 1288th Sri Lankan film in the Sinhala cinema.  Supporting actor Dasun Nishan committed suicide on 27 September 2017, prior to the screening of the film.[8][9] The muhurath ceremony was held at Galadari Hotel, Colombo.[10] The film has received both positive and negative reviews from critics.[11] A young blacksmith realizes his destiny when a malevolent demon bent on ruling the world unleashes an army of creatures on humanity. Portrait of a Knight is a musical romance about the way in which historic ideals inform contemporary urban life. Rachel is a young archivist living and working in Wellington, New Zealand. Feeling alone and disconnected from life, she projects her romantic fantasies onto the paintings she loves, until one day her song brings Reginald - a Knight of the Realm - to life. His carefree innocence and zest for life begin to open Rachel up to the beauty around her, but the fates have a way of making trouble when miracles occur...  When a pastor is shaken by the visible faith of a street-corner preacher, he is reminded that true belief always requires action. His response ignites a journey that impacts everyone it touches in ways that only God could orchestrate. 10-year-old Nori is obliged to grow up at a very young age after the early death of his mother and then being abandoned by his father Gezim in the Kosovo of the 1990s.After a dangerous and eventful journey, Nori finally arrives in Germany and is reunited with his father, but he cannot understand how Gezim could just have left him. And chances of them being able to stay in Germany look bleak when Gezim's application for asylum is rejected. A young man finds out that he holds the key to restoring hope and ensuring survival for the human race, while an alien species called the Drej are bent on mankind's destruction. Maya and Joey, a young brother and sister from the small city of Oceanside, find a gap in the fence of a Government property. Going through it, they soon discover the entrance to a Cave with a hidden tunnel that leads them to a strange place and world on the other side. Maradonia, a world between the worlds and with the youngsters arrival, the ancient prophecy of the Light King is fulfilled: "In the last days at the end of the age, when two silver birds attack the twin brothers, two children will arrive in the land of Maradonia and show the fallen angel and ruler of the Shadow Empire, his limitations". In the legendary land of Maradonia, the ordinary lives of Maya and Joey change forever. As brother and sister find themselves in an unfamiliar and perilous world ruled by magic and dark power, a journey brimming with excitement and adventure begins. The Shadow Mountains, 1983. Red and Mandy lead a loving and peaceful existence; but when their pine-scented haven is savagely destroyed, Red is catapulted into a phantasmagoric journey filled with bloody vengeance and laced with fire. Maragadha Naanayam (Emerald Coin) is about two small-time smugglers who try to steal a highly valuable emerald artefact, which is believed to be cursed. To safeguard themselves from the evil spirit to whom the relic belongs, they seek the help of three ghosts! Following the death of his mother, J finds himself living with his estranged family, under the watchful eye of his doting grandmother, Smurf, mother to the Cody boys. J quickly comes to believe that he is a player in this world. But, as he soon discovers, this world is far larger and more menacing than he could ever imagine. J finds himself at the center of a cold-blooded revenge plot that turns the family upside down. Kate is a young woman subscribed to bad decisions. Her last date with disaster? That of having accepted to work as Santa's elf for a department store. However, she meets Tom there. Her life takes a new turn. For Kate, it seems too good to be true. 16-year old Rhiannon falls in love with a mysterious spirit named "A" that inhabits a different body every day. Feeling an unmatched connection, Rhiannon and "A" work each day to find each other, not knowing what the next day will bring.  Amal is a small insignificant town where nothing ever happens, where the latest trends are out of date when they get there. Young Elin has a bit of a bad reputation when it comes to guys, but the fact is that she has never done *it*. Another girl in her school, Agnes, is in love with her but is too shy to do anything about it. For different reasons, Elin ends up at Agnes' birthday party as the only guest. They have a girl's night out together but after that Elin desperately avoids Agnes, refusing to even consider her own homosexuality. In New York City for their annual tradition of Christmas Eve debauchery, three lifelong best friends set out to find the Holy Grail of Christmas parties since their yearly reunion might be coming to an end. Follows the murder of a money-lending masseur by an impoverished samurai. The slain masseur's daughter will also fall victim to his curse, so that she can become empowered as an agent of her father's vengeance. Hamid's brother has been missing in action, presumed dead, for twenty-two years. Coming to terms with the loss, Hamid has now moved on and, as custom dictates, married his brother's widow. Semi-true story of the Hollywood murder that occurred at a star-studded gathering aboard William Randolph Hearst's yacht in 1924. Through his frustrations, an obsessed novelist connects with a dimension where a walking girl encounters weird characters in a mysterious urban world, slowly driving to the peaceful nature of the desert. In this trip between light and shadow, hope for finding an inner mental peace will prevail. This movie is characterized for an experimental language, with purposed technical and performing imperfections, wrapped in an organic fantasy effect. Mizore Yoroizuka and Nozomi Kasaki are two close friends who are part of the Kitauji High School music club. Quiet and reserved Yoroizuka plays the oboe while lively and popular Kasaki plays the flute. The group has decided to play Liz and the Blue Bird, a song inspired on a fairy tale about the relationship between a girl and a bird. The musical piece puts both Mizore and Nozomi on the spotlight due to a solo part by Yoroizuka and forces the two girls to reexamine their friendship. An evil ninja Rider named Fuma appears from the virtual reality world in an effort to conquer Earth! It is up to the CR Riders to use the power of virtual reality gaming to save the day! Theseus and his allies assemble to defeat the cruel King Minos. Ryuga Dogai returns to investigate a new mystery - the theft of Makai Knights armour. Among the victims are Ryuga's old comrades from the Volcity crisis, Takeru and Aguri. The three will face off against an enemy previously though defeated - Zinga. Relive the emergence of one of the most celebrated singer-songwriters in rock history with this beautifully remastered release of the legendary Neil Young's 1968 performance at Canterbury House in Ann Arbor, Mich. Recorded days before the release of Young's solo debut, this concert features a set list comprised of many of the Hall of Famer's rarer gems, including "The Last Trip to Tulsa," "If I Could Have Her Tonight" and "Mr. Soul." A young man experiences an internal crisis, on the night his mother dies. The aging Eszter clarify outstanding relationship. John Henry returns to his hometown in hopes of repairing his relationship with his estranged father, but a local gang is terrorizing the town. John Henry is the only one who can stop them, however he has abandoned both his gun and reputation as a fearless quick-draw killer.  A high school swim champion with a troubled past enrolls in the U.S. Coast Guard's 'A' School, where legendary rescue swimmer, Ben Randall teaches him some hard lessons about loss, love, and self-sacrifice. Having died unexpectedly, firefighter Ja-hong is taken to the afterlife by 3 afterlife guardians. Only when he passes 7 trials over 49 days and proves he was innocent in human life, he's able to reincarnate, and his 3 afterlife guardians are by his side to defend him in trial. An evil Mermaid falls in love with Marina's fiance Roman and aims to keep him away from Marina in her Kingdom of Death under water. The Mermaid is a young woman who drowned a few centuries ago. Marina only has one week to overcome her fear of the dark water, to remain human in the deathly fight with the monsters and not to become one herself. Detective Ben Nolan is sent to investigate the story of a convicted prostitute and known drug dealer Linda Grossel. Linda explains that she was kidnapped and held captive for weeks. As the investigation unfolds, Linda's sanity is put to question, leaving Ben to decide whether to go on with the investigation or leave Linda to the fate of the prison system. Following on the heels of popular teen-scream horror movies, with uproarious comedy and biting satire. Marlon and Shawn Wayans, Shannon Elizabeth and Carmen Electra pitch in to skewer some of Hollywood's biggest blockbusters, including Scream, I Know What You Did Last Summer, The Matrix, American Pie and The Blair Witch Project. This film is a story of two bastards that after the death of their father, their wife has been tracked down and for the sake of doing business in China, they are betraying Pattaya, but their confrontation with the old friend mixes everything. Tens of thousands, perhaps hundreds of thousands, say they have it. But the mainstream medical community says Morgellons is not a disease at all, but a delusion propagated and reinforced by social media. "It's all in your head," they say. The Pain of Others is a found footage documentary about Morgellons, a mysterious illness whose sufferers say they have parasites under the skin, long colored fibers emerging from lesions, and a host of other bizarre symptoms which could be borrowed from a horror film. Two teenagers, Mary (Hayley Mills) and Robert (Keith Hamshere) are lead by Professor Paganel (Maurice Chevalier) on a search expedition for the children's shipwrecked sea captain father. This Disney film was based upon Jules Verne's 1868 adventure novel Captain Grant's Children. Jessica is the leader of a group of lost boys with a violent past who now seek peace and harmony. She is the only one to have ever brought them love and understanding. They only wish to create a world where they can live in peace together, and forever. The Welsh writer Arthur Machen wrote many acclaimed stories of the supernatural which brought him great fame in the 1920s. His work has faded from view in the decades since leaving just a dedicated following including Stephen King and Mick Jagger. Holy Terrors is a new film aiming to bring Machen to a new audience and adapts six of his tales into a spine-tingling portmanteau film. Effectively capturing the unique atmosphere and feel of Machen's writing, Holy Terrors is sure to provide a night or two of uneasy sleep for the viewer. Fairy-tale adaptation. An outlaw band flees a posse and rides into Refuge, a small town where no one carries a gun, drinks, or swears. The town is actually Purgatory, and the peaceful inhabitants are all famous dead outlaws and criminals such as Doc Holiday and Wild Bill Hickok who must redeem themselves before gaining admittance to Heaven...or screw up and go to Hell. At the Palacio, an all-inclusive resort in the carribean, Mike's arrival complicates the normal flow of operations. His voracious appetite, mysterious magnetism and unexpected miracles bring him the curious, among which he makes three friends and meeets a few admirers, a jealous salsa teacher and an enamored octopus. All of whom will accompany him in a gargantuan downward spiral mixing civil unrest and intestinal meltdown; a change of administration held up by the most attentive staff in the world. A legendary but retired hit man lives in peace and isolation in the barren North American wilderness. When he rescues a woman from a snowmobiling accident, he soon discovers that she's harboring a secret that forces him to return to his lethal ways. A couple deals with the aftermath of an adoption that goes awry as their household falls apart. In the ancient forest of Soza, a fighter, a thief and a hermit go searching for a magical sword that can control minds. Nothing has revived the search for extra-terrestrial intelligent life as much as the recent discovery by the Kepler Satellite, of thousands of Earth-like planets where life could be possible. So should we reach out? Or should we hide? Join the debate as we ask - Is Anybody Out There? A student learns a magic trick. Experimental take on Bram Stoker's Dracula, set against a warm South American landscape, wherein the vampire Count preys on a number of young lovers, ... Joe--a down-on-his-luck truck driver haunted by the memory of his deceased wife and child--meets Julie, a spiritually gifted woman who enlists his help in a desperate effort to find the lost soul of her comatose daughter. But the spirit of Joe's dead wife proves stronger, possessing the young woman's body and determined to settle her unfinished business with the living. A team of trained secret agent animals, guinea pigs Darwin, Juarez, Blaster, mole Speckles, and fly Mooch takes on a mission for the US government to stop evil Leonard Saber, who plans to destroy the world with household appliances. But the government shuts them down and they are sentenced to a pet shop. Can they escape to defeat the villain and save the world? A high-art, high-fashion showcase of a star's many personas-and a vivid reminder that our art, not our obstacles, ultimately defines us. Free, focused, and fucking shit up again, it shows every side of Fergie-the superstar, the visual artist, the creative director, the label head, the fashion icon, the wife, and, she'll tell you most importantly, "mom." The forest's police chief Gordon is about to retire and he needs to find a new assistant. Paddy, a clever mouse with a great sense of smell seems to be the right candidate. Together they have to solve Gordon's last case - the mystery of squirrel's missing nuts. Could it be the fox that took them? Gordon and Paddy will soon find out. Two rival "brothers-in-law" make a bet that they can stop smoking for 2 weeks. But, it's just not that easy... In this film a lone figure wanders through a mysterious wilderness while hounded by spectres and unseen forces. This is a solitary journey, a path of exile and hardship that leads beyond the abyss to where reality loses its mask of concreteness and shows its true fluid face. A filmmaker stands trial when a costume assistant on his movie accuses him of rape The Scorpion King teams up with a female warrior named Tala, who is the sister of The Nubian King. Together they search for a legendary relic known as The Book of Souls, which will allow them to put an end to an evil warlord.   Zahid, an American born Muslim who, after struggling with his Islamic roots, explores different aspects of the religion, leading to a deadly calling.  This beautiful film about the immigrant experience is a San Francisco film about Eritrea. Sephora Woldu plays "Sephora" who, like the director, is an architecture student but also a filmmaker. She is pitching to her traditional mother a film she wants to make about a man who fled their home country and ended up in San Francisco. As a recently arrived immigrant, he is terribly homesick for his native Eritrea, but will not admit it due to unease towards speaking ill of the country; and more consciously in hesitance of admitting hard truths about his culture and himself. "It's colorful and visually whimsical in a way that can only be described as if the Wizard of Oz went to Africa," said Woldu. On her 7th birthday, Princess Barbara discovers a magical book that transports her to Wonderland - an enchanted place filled with dragons and fantastic creatures. Manami is captured by blood thirsty trigger happy vampires, and taken to their hotel, where they keep prisoners as future meals. They are all instructed to find a partner to survive, when a vampire clan from Transylvania interferes. A typical experimental film, in which a variety of audiovisual techniques are used to create the sense of polymorphic eroticism as developed by European and Mediterranean cinematography of the 20th century. Combining the methods of "animation" and "live action", this intricate work embodies the idea of an "ars combinatoria". The structure is loose, with neither a central axis nor a point where everything converges, contributing greatly to the open-ended character of the film, where rhythm is the key element. Alluring young Scarlet Silk is a vengeful hooker gone crazy after her parents murder, and being stabbed several times. The audacious naughty teen changes her destiny near death by discovering a mysterious crate from the Amazon jungle left behind by her mother that has two mystical bottles of red venom; one that heals, and the other that poisons. Scarlet then transcends herself into becoming the deadliest predator in the jungle, as her mission is to inject her poisonous venom into the diabolical underworld queen Dark Widow. Before being confirmed in the priesthood, a seminary student is ordered to go back out into the world for a year to confirm his vocation. It turns out that mundane activities hold a certain appeal for him. Kelogan fights the black prince to serve justice. The peaceful existence of boat repairman Blake (Frank Zagarino) is destroyed when the Reverend James (Billy Drago) shows up with his disciples. Back in the days when Blake had been a member of an elite commando force, James had been his friend. But things have changed. Worried that Reverend James has fostered a cult and is planning on a mass suicide, the government sends spies to investigate. The government is also concerned because a prominent general's daughter is among the cultists. When the spies are killed, Blake is forced to reveal his true identity and join the fray to stop James and save the general's daughter. Ambika, little Ishu's favourite aunt, has gone missing after the evil village quack has declared her as a witch. Will Ishu get her back Jas lives together with his father, who is a truck driver and spends lot of time away from home. One day, Jas finds a girl and an old lady hiding in the barn. They call themselves Neia and Alva and have strange clothes and hair. They say they live in the woods but cannot return. Soon, couple of secret service agents show up and start asking a lot of questions. Soon they figure out that they're poachers looking for healing gem of the elves. Jas, together with his best friend Isaac, decides to help their new friends against the poachers. Jimmy Morris has a special surprise guest on his podcast, The Film Dick. It's Chester Holloway who reveals all the secrets behind the mysterious 1939 film, 'Sex Madness.' In the early 20th century, Lazar -a taciturn woodsman- asks the disenchanted portraitist Arkadi to immortalize his child. The execution of this portrait will unsettle both men while revealing their inner fears and change their outlook on life. Heart-warming tale of an old man (Timothy Spall), whose wife (Phyllis Logan) has just passed away. With his free local bus pass, he travels to the other end of the UK, to where they originally moved from, using only local buses. He heads out on a nostalgic trip whilst also carrying his wife's ashes in a small suitcase, and in doing so, he meets local people. By the end of the trip, he's a celebrity. Desperate for human interaction, six emotionally damaged individuals risk self respect, shedding their disillusionment in a last grasp for happiness. A cruel-world comedy populated by struggling Instagram stars, Russian cowboys, Self-help gurus and more, their lives collide and crash in astounding ways. The movie tells the story of a young girl, who goes from being a shop girl to a billionaire, after her father leaves her his empire to run. The found footage collective, Everything is Terrible! Has taken over 2,000 forgotten VHS tapes and re-contextualized them in order to tell the tale of The Dark Lord himself, Lucifer. Wang Sheng, a Ming-Dynasty scholar who just failed the Imperial Examination, works together with his fellow villagers through many strange but fantastic approaches to change his hometown's backwardness and his own fate. He accidentally meets with a Fox Spirit and involves himself in a series of weird adventures, both physically and emotionally, only to completely change his own life. When timid bank clerk Stanley Ipkiss discovers a magical mask containing the spirit of the Norse god Loki, his entire life changes. While wearing the mask, Ipkiss becomes a supernatural playboy exuding charm and confidence which allows him to catch the eye of local nightclub singer Tina Carlyle. Unfortunately, under the mask's influence, Ipkiss also robs a bank, which angers junior crime lord Dorian Tyrell, whose goons get blamed for the heist. Opportunistic jerk Mark Sanders is forced to join Gleahan of Eastvale, a delusional man who thinks he lives in a fantasy world. Together, they go on a quest to defeat the "Dark Lord" who apparently rules Duluth. But as Mark delves deeper into Gleahan's fantasy, it becomes clear just how real -- and insane -- Gleahan's plight truly is. A British spy is banished to Panama after having an affair with an ambassador's mistress. Once there he makes connection with a local tailor with a nefarious past and connections to all of the top political and gangster figures in Panama. The tailor also has a wife, who works for the Panamanian president and a huge debt. The mission is to learn what the President intends to do with the Canal. Cosplay Universe explores the rise of the global Comic Con sub-culture and evolution of Cosplay; the art form of becoming a character that you love. The film follows the journey of several international cosplay teams as they compete in what is known as the 'Olympics of Cosplay' at the World Cosplay Summit in Nagoya, Japan. Cosplay Universe also chronicles America's top cosplayers' challenges to turn their geeky hobby into a thriving business. The film taps into the psychology behind this art of self expression and demonstrates how Cosplayers can transform and expand their perceptions of themselves while finding community. Cosplay Universe features appearances by comic book legend Stan Lee, cosplay superstars Yaya Han and Jessica Nigri and many more. Joshua, who has been working in Dubai since the age of 15, gets a call from his family to return home. How he, with the magical support of his sister Jenny, figures to live life in between the joy, pressures, expectations and tragedy is what Koode is about. CCTV operator Carl becomes frustrated when the police refuse to tackle a gang of drug dealers. He takes the law into his own hands with devastating repercussions. Two actors play two lovers before meeting death in a car crash. They drift through muddled memories and moments in search of one another. Madrid. Immediate vicinity of the M30 highway. A nameless man walks tirelessly against the infinite traffic. In one pocket, he carries a map. In the other, different objects, like a broken compass, a die with powers, a magic stone, and a button battery that always reflects the full moon. From here on in... The night. The trip. The devil. A flute and a melody. A beginning and an end... in an amazing film, without sound. A group of kids, a couple of kidnappers, and two men who are planning to murder one of the children get trapped inside a haunted mansion. It is said that Nature is speaking to us, but how many are listening? Adrien, a journalist, must go to a guest room to cover the opening of it and make a promotional article. But as soon as he arrives, he will quickly notice that something is wrong. To save her family from being homeless and her father suffering from a heart condition, Mayen desperately agrees to take the offer of a Chinese matchmaker for a huge amount of money. In exchange, Mayen must submit herself as a Ghost Bride to a wealthy but dead Chinese man. This deal, however, happens to be a deadly curse when the deceased groom's ghost becomes jealous and possessive of Mayen. Hoping to find answers to her estranged father's mysterious illness, a young woman visits his old villa and uncovers a horrifying truth from the past. While attending a party at James Franco's house, Seth Rogen, Jay Baruchel and many other celebrities are faced with the apocalypse. Rhonda Fleming shines as Pamela, an American film star who falls in love with coffee grower Claudio (Rossano Brazzi) while in Brazil. When the two are hastily married, Pamela finds herself entwined in a clash of cultures in this rarely seen romantic comedy. After claiming countless lives, the fairies won the great battle with the demons. However, the leader of their Kunlun sect Yu Qingzi died for his young apprentice Xiao He. 500 tranquil years later, Xiao He finds himself face to face with a resurrected Yu Qingzi. Kuroda Island has been colonised by Thyyland for hundreds of years. In the last 30 years, many Kurodians have been granted Thyy citizenship but in reality are still being treated as second-class citizens. Many Kurodians are gifted with football talent and are called upon to play for the Thyy national team, their presence causing many problems. Also, the Kuroda Independence Movement that has been strengthening lately, causing much anti-Kurodian sentiment in Thyy society... Make the following sentences with the following words: (two points) French mosaic, painting, stand-up comedy, instagram, rehearsal swearing, hahaaa, old-fashioned single-swing motorcyclist, patriotic daphne, foreign love, grandmother's house, greetings of Aryat! Gil Carter and Art Croft ride into a small Nevada town plagued by cattle thieves. Initially suspected of being the rustlers themselves, Carter and Croft eventually join a posse out to get the criminals, who also may be involved in a recent shooting. When the posse closes in on a group that could be the fugitives, they must decide on a course of action, with numerous lives hanging in the balance. Based on Keigo Higashino's international bestseller The Miracles of the Namiya General Store comes director Han Jie's take on the fantastical novel. TFBoys' Karry Wang stars as Xiao Bo, one of three orphans on the run who take refuge in a derelict corner store. Once there, they find a mysterious letter seeking advice, leading to an emotional adventure through time and unexpected connections with their own past. Following a mysterious car accident in the desert, Dafne suffers from post-traumatic amnesia. Jake, the first person she sees when she regains consciousness, tells her he's her husband. A tour de force of digital art, Where the Chocolate Mountains (2015, 55 min.) is a major new opus from Pat O'Neill, one of the all-time guiding lights of the Los Angeles avant-garde, whose pioneering use of the optical printer marked a creative breakthrough in composite image-making in cinema. Continuing in the vein of his renowned 35mm epics Water and Power (1989), Trouble in the Image (1996) and Decay of Fiction (2002), the founding CalArts faculty member combines haunting cinematography of the Chocolate Mountains along the border between California and Arizona--long used as a bombing range by the military--with footage shot in L.A., Mexico and Prague, intimate self-portraits, and recurring graphic motifs to create irrepressible, stunningly detailed streams of multilayered sight and sound. Gloria returns to her bleak home town after failing as a singer in New York. She falls for a grifter who claims to be the former manager of a famous singer. Her passion for singing is reborn, but she is pushed into uncharted territory. 12-year-old Sue is a lone wolf. Due to a potion invented by her mother, she is suddenly able to become invisible. But when mum is kidnapped, Sue will need the help of her new friends Tobi and App to rescue her mother and hunt down the criminals. Created by Ricardo Ghiorzi ("The Curse of Sanguanel", "Beyond the Grave"), HISTORIAS ESTRANHAS (Stranger Tales) is a suspense/horror/fantasy collection of eight segments produced by independent film companies and directed by the most promising filmmakers of the Brazilian fantastic genre today. 6th-century Scandinavian warrior, Beowulf embarks on a mission to slay the a man-like ogre, Grendel. After traveling across a wasteland of pestilence and famine in search of a mysterious object, a lone woman (Rachel Miller) finds refuge at Seven Bowls Tavern. It becomes apparent after sharing some drinks with a shadowy figure (Krys Bailey) that her arrival was not mere chance. As his stories about the Arte Factum unfold and draw her in, her presence at the tavern begins to attract the horsemen. One by one they ride in and fill Seven Bowls until she decides it's time to bid them all adios.  Wages of Cine presents an anthology of twelve tales that transverse space and time following a mysterious object known as the "Arte Factum". Gunned down in the snowy wilderness and desperate for shelter, Billy Cavanagh is taken in by kooky old lady Agnes, unaware that her isolated log cabin is surrounded by bloodthirsty skinless creatures hellbent on getting inside. Alassane brings to life the Zharma legend of King Koda who, in order to test the loyalty of a subject, asks him to guard one of his rings for a year. Zheng Xiang reunites with the members of his high school band and reminisces about their lead singer and his past love, En Pei, whose pursuit of her dreams ended in tragedy. He regrets encouraging her to join the pageant, wondering if she would have died if he hadn't done so. Drunk after the memorial, he's suddenly transported back to the past, where he sets out to stop En Pei from making the same mistake.  A quirky internet star, a pair of retired gangsters, and the black sheep of a prolific family of herbalists are a few of the oddball tenants that call the dilapidated apartments of Humble Grove home. Fearful of being locked out by a ruthless property developer with his eye on the building, they've stayed inside for years. So, when supernatural incidents befall them all on one night, instead of running, they turn to flamboyant ghost hunter Golden Ling to perform a most unusual exorcism. An epic journey, faithfully adapted to modern-day. Christian faces distractions, challenges, and perils at every turn of the way. But ends victorious, with helpful guides, as he stays on the narrow path to the distant Celestial City. Anoop loves Roopa D'Souza, and will do anything to marry her. But Roopa has some doubts about him. Eventually, he does manage to convince her that he is worthy of her love, and she consents. Shortly after that Roopa's mom, Rosy, passes away; Roopa is involved in an accident, and hospitalized. When Roopa returns home, Anoop comes to visit her, and is shocked to find her in bed with Ravi. Roopa refuses to clarify, and it is up to Anoop to wait for Roopa to change her mind, or to marry someone else. Based on the remains of never-completed Argentine features from the archives of the film museum in Buenos Aires. The film is, as it were, a parallel film history: an essay like a cinematographic Frankenstein, that blows new life into images that once seemed unsuccessful and pointless. Yuan Shuai, a debt-ridden animal-breeder, tries to get out of his financial predicament by finding a wealthy girlfriend through matchmaking dates. He unexpectedly meets and fall in love with the fox demon, Bai Xianchu, who has arrived to the mortal realm to repay her gratitude. However, the head of the Demon tribe Yun Zhonghe forbids a love relationship between a demon and a human; and takes Bai Xianchu away. To seek his lover, Yuan Shuai bravely crashes the demonic world. In 1630s New England, William and Katherine lead a devout Christian life with five children, homesteading on the edge of an impassable wilderness, exiled from their settlement when William defies the local church. When their newborn son vanishes and crops mysteriously fail, the family turns on one another. After nearly 20 years in the legendary Bellagio in Las Vegas with millions of viewers, the most successful show of the Cirque du Soleil is finally filmed and put on television with the world premiere on ARTE. A stage with over 5,000 cubic feet of water from the Bellagio Lake, where 150 technicians ensure the smooth running of the show, and 77 extraordinary athletes who celebrate a unique feast of theater and circus above and below water - these are the ingredients that have fascinated audiences for almost 10,000 performances. "O" is a constantly changing world in 13 tableaux of joy, wonder, excitement, fear and sadness. The show shifts the boundaries of the interplay of acrobatics, music, theater and dance, because "O" is more complex than any other circus production with its performers in such diverse disciplines as water jumping, gymnastics, synchronized swimming, trapeze, acrobatics, dramatic play, music and dance - an unforgettable rendezvous for all spectators. Newly-promoted if none too happily married Howard Brubaker leaves a rowdy Company party early with the stunning Catherine, whom it turns out is herself unhappily married - to the boss. They spend an innocent night in New York becoming more and more attracted to each other, so that when Catherine announces she intends to leave her husband and return to Paris Howard asks to go along too. In the cold light of morning problems and pressures from spouses crowd in On Christmas Eve, Kelly is reluctant to go to a Christmas Eve ball, so Barbie tells her the story of Eden Starling, a glamourous singing diva in the Victorian England and the owner of a theatre house. However, Eden is self-centred and loves only herself. She is frequently accompanied by her snooty cat, Chuzzlewit. She does not believe in Christmas and orders all her employees to work on Christmas. Miser Ebenezer Scrooge is awakened on Christmas Eve by spirits who reveal to him his own miserable existence, what opportunities he wasted in his youth, his current cruelties, and the dire fate that awaits him if he does not change his ways. Scrooge is faced with his own story of growing bitterness and meanness, and must decide what his own future will hold: death or redemption. Leila, a lonely young soul spends the night partying with her friends Nancy, David and Nash in a warehouse. As the boys drink up and smoke pot all social barriers between the sexes crumble. Leila, hit on by both men, hides away from them. Alone she senses there is someone else who wants her and certainly he is not of this world. A 200 year old Dracula escapes from a crate and reveals himself to Leila and tells her that she is his lost love. For him to live again and be with her, she must bring him the blood of her friends to drink and make love to him. Hypnotized by his sexual powers, Leila does as she is told. Leila and a handsome young Dracula get away and live happily ever after. Sinisa Mesjak, an arrogant and ambitious politician on the rise, finds himself in the middle of a scandal. To hide him from the public, the president appoints him as the commissioner of Croatian government on the furthest settled island Trecic, where he is tasked with the organization of local elections. The previous seven commissioners haven't succeeded. Sinners are invited to a theme park where they endure the repetition of their transgressions. What chances do a conniving kleptomaniac, a gullible teenager, and an obsessed father stand when facing their own moral failings? Lucifer and his colorful cast of singing carnies invite you to grab a ticket to The Devil's Carnival to find out!  A new era is about to begin in Eastern Europe. Scythians, the proud warriors, are all but gone and most of the few remaining descendants have become ruthless mercenary assassins. Lutobor, a warrior who becomes involved in intertribal conflicts, sets off on a perilous journey to save his family guided by a captive Scythian. This short follows Lennon and Ono as they take a hot-air balloon ride over snow-covered countryside.  A star-crossed romantic love story of an ill-fated girl Paru who falls in love and eventually get married to a TV anchor Shivu who is coincidentally her lover from the past life who gets killed. Paru kills herself to join her dead husband. Devising a fantastic universe, in which ancient make-up and costumes share the screen with contemporary elements such as limousines, helicopters and mobile phones, 'Philosophy in the Boudoir' intends to blur the borders of realism and make the spectator get closer to timeless issues. The boudoir inside an industrial plant brings an aggressive aesthetics to the teachings and orgies. The takes are developed in different ways. The franzy of orgies has a fast editing, whilst philosophical moments are long sequence shots. By bringing to the contemporary world a 200-year-old romance, we intend to trigger questions about the real moral changes in Western society. It is also interesting to highlight Sade's feminism. His female heroes are independent women, masters of their own sexual drive. At last, due to the solid theatrical background of the artists, the film was inevitably contaminated by unusual procedures, contributing to new possibilities of exchange between arts. When yuppie Korean-American lawyer Peter brings beauteous bride Sookhy home to suburban New Jersey, she seems withdrawn, English-challenged and easily bullied by her mother-in-law. But fate abruptly takes Peter out of the picture, leaving a curiously unperturbed Sookhy (who's descended from a line of female shamans) free to force her company on the glamorous Caucasian couple next door. A storm threatens the already damaged harbor breakwater, and Beamer, the Lighthouse, fears for the safety of all who live in Little Golden Book Land!  When Scuffy overhears Beamer sharing bad news with the big ships anchored nearby, he promises to help. Undaunted, Scuffy recruits Tootle the Train, Poky Little Puppy, and Shy Little Kitten to join him on his mission.  Badang is a legendary figure with extreme strength that is well-known in Malaysian folklore. The movie focuses on the character but highlighting him as a superhero instead of just a legendary strongman. A Dutch photographer (played by David Verbeek himself - also a talented photographer in real life) takes a picture of a girl in a parking lot in nighttime Taipei as she plays with her kite. The photo transports us into her life. She is eight years old and is about to lose her best friend, a boy from a wealthy family who is moving to America. Back in the Netherlands, the photographer is confronted with his own constant loneliness. The photo of the girl evokes memories of his own childhood, when he still felt at home somewhere.  A patrol officer gets into an accident and his soul gets separated from his body. Desperate to solve the case and return to his beloved girlfriend, but is at his wits' end as a wandering spirit. Unexpectedly he discovers someone who can see him. The story follows a young man on a quest to find his true love in a crowded Karachi neighbourhood. He must overcome the obstacles, both spiritual and physical, to achieve his goals. An animator's commissioned works, rejected because of their increasingly absurd and violent tone (reflecting the animator's own progressive breakdown). A happily married man starts suspecting his friend of having an affair with his wife as he finds both of them sharing similar interests. Scientists discover a giant creature under the Earth that is wrapped around the entire planet. When the creature wakes all grumpy, it causes worldwide destruction. Drifting aimlessly through life, Kaisi (Li Yi Feng) has racked up debts of several million having borrowed money from his friends. Lured with the promise of writing it all off, Kaisi leaves his ailing mother and childhood sweetheart Qing (Zhou Dongyu) to board the ship Destiny and attend a gambling party controlled by the mysterious Anderson (Michael Douglas).  All players join the game with stars. For each game they lose, their opponent captures a star. Everyone is holding daggers behind their backs plotting dirty means by which to overcome their opponents. The game quickly deteriorates into a slaughter and Kaisi must battle save his own skin... Orbiting above a planet on the brink of war, scientists test a device to solve an energy crisis and end up face-to-face with a dark alternate reality. Y2K is approaching fast, but Abbie can't get off the couch until he beats an unbeatable level on Pac-Man. After the events of Cross Cut, actors Sean and Ginger attempt to leave the entertainment industry but quickly become entangled in another dangerous plot twist. Up and coming screenwriter Chip Long and his understudy, Zane, contrive a new narrative that will soon throw the two actors into a fictional maelstrom of fistfights, chases, vigilante priests, nun assassins and underground metal. As Ginger resists the urge to sign with Chip at Sean's insistence, Sean becomes a scribe of his own to enter battle with Chip over an epic yet impromptu script spanning from Texas to Disneyland. As the writers come head to head via their competing visions, only one author can claim victory as real bodies begin to pile up and fact and fiction become more and more blurred in this darkly comical and fantastic adventure. A young girl with malformed ears uses fantasy to help her cope with classroom bullies and process the death of her father.  New York City. David Stillwell struggles to recover his memory before the people who are trying to kill him succeed. Who is he, who are they, and why is he surrounded by murder? A hybrid of documentary and fiction, Rukus is a queer coming-of-age story set in the liminal spaces of furry conventions, southern punk houses, and virtual worlds. Teddy Walker is a successful salesman whose life takes an unexpected turn when he accidentally blows up his place of employment. Forced to attend night school to get his GED, Teddy soon finds himself dealing with a group of misfit students, his former high school nemesis and a feisty teacher who doesn't think he's too bright. After the events in the previous film, Secret Service agent Mike Banning finds himself framed for an assassination attempt on the President. Pursued by his own agency and the FBI, Banning races to clear his name and uncover the real terrorist threat which has set its sights on Air Force One. Southern Style kung fu was unsuccessful in defeating the invading enemy aliens. General Chen has no choice but to be go back in time again to the late Qing Dynasty to find the master of Northern Style kung fu and transfer his training back to the future. Unfortunately, the time travel causes Chen to lose his memory and he ends up working for the emperor Yuan Shikai and lost in time. Meanwhile in the future, the aliens army and strength grows by the day... Alan Moore, the genius 2000 AD writer behind WATCHMEN, THE LEAGUE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENTLEMEN, FROM HELL, CONSTANTINE and V FOR VENDETTA invites you into his extraordinary world with a new motion picture experience. While several of Moore's stories have become Hollywood blockbusters, he has never previously written specifically for the screen. Until now. Created with his close friend and internationally acclaimed photographer Mitch Jenkins, comes an interconnected trilogy of terror. 'Act of Faith' finds a young woman looking for the next step in sexual excitement and unfortunately finding it. 'Jimmy's End' tails a serial philanderer down a dark alley into a very unusual club where the top-billed attraction is The Bare Brides and their Danse Macabre and 'His Heavy Heart' reveals the horrifying price paid for his adultery. Clown abuse, need we say Moore! Young adults become fascinated by the events of the three missing filmmakers in Maryland, so they decide to go into the same woods and find out what really happened. A boy's disappointing scores on the college entrance exam bring shame down on his family. A detective whose own son was abducted grapples with strange experiences and missing children in NW Montana A beautiful desperate widow goes on a dangerous quest to meet a mythical wish-granting unicorn who lies deep in the cannibal-infested "Wishing Forest." Along the way, she encounters a mighty warrior and a deceptive thief, who may or may not be trustworthy. But danger lurks everywhere and they are being tracked by the deadliest cannibal of all, a bloodthirsty savage who worships a magical feral Goddess who feasts on the hearts of his victims.  Gurbuz, a crook in Istanbul's Balat district attempts to defraud a mob leader nicknamed Yellow Kenan and his men and gets killed. But he's going to be resurrected like Frankenstein, one of the most popular horror figures in horror movies.  In dark ages Britain, a time of magic and legend, a powerful druid is bent on destroying the Celtic people. Arthur, a banished warrior, and Merlin, a hermit wizard, embark on a heroic quest to stop the druid and save their people, before the Celts are lost forever and become a myth themselves. Carefree and desperate to avoid any responsibility, Jessica, a college student, visits a yard sale to buy a gift for her best friend. However, the music box she brings home is haunted by a vicious demonic entity eager to feed off the lives of all who hear the box's melody. After her best friend takes her own life, Jessica seeks the aid of two ghost hunters, but they too find themselves out of their depth. Desperate to free herself of the cursed box, she searches for the box's origin only to find that true evil begins with best of intentions. This is the story of a man and woman who were joined together by destiny and how they were thrown into the brink of divorce due some unexpected twists and turns. The film will be a complete... Story about Simon, a gay werewolf, who must come to terms with his condition in order to start dating again, or else condemn himself to a life alone. Yashwantraj Mankotia (Om Puri) has brought up the daughter of his late friend, Amrita (Juhi Babbar) with love and affection as his own daughter. He plans to marry her to his only son, Randeep (Sharad Kapoor), who is settled in Canada. Randeep is reluctant to visit India to see his father, but does so when his father feigns heart trouble. Randeep is upset that he has to leave his business. He gets even more upset when his father proposes marriage with Amrita. Randeep reluctantly agrees to marry Amrita in order to get his father's inheritance. After the marriage, Randeep and Amrita travel to Canada, where Amrita finds that Randeep has a live-in girlfriend/spouse/business partner by the name of Simone (Saadhika). The charismatic and self-confident man, Karel Kral, is the editor-in-chief of men's magazine. Although a chauvinistic type, he is very popular with women. However, he struggles in his personal life. He frequently argues with his ex-wife over their 17 year-old daughter Julie, who despises his new way of life. Then the consequences of his behavior catch up with him. He loses his job, and the editor-in-chief position is given to a young and beautiful woman. But his bad luck does not end there. After another fight with his ex-wife and daughter, and a woman driver crashing into his car, Karel and his best friend Cestmir have an evening of binge drinking. During the wild night, he expresses a wish to be a woman. When he wakes up the next morning he discovers that his wish has been granted. One relationship. One love. One life. Two angles.  Along With the Gods: The Last 49 Days follows the journey of 3 Afterlife Guardians and Su-hong as they journey through their 49th trial in order to gain their reincarnations and how the Guardians slowly recover their forgotten memories through Household God in the living world.  Julia Child and Julie Powell - both of whom wrote memoirs - find their lives intertwined. Though separated by time and space, both women are at loose ends... until they discover that with the right combination of passion, fearlessness and butter, anything is possible. A legal team must work together to figure out the mystery behind a rooftop Christmas tree to keep the owner from going to jail for Christmas -- again. A young brotherhood of mystics sets out to stop an evil priest, with the help of a chosen warrior. Identical twin brothers become hybrid A.I (artificial intelligence) entities, yet torn in different directions to achieve justice for humanity. Hugh Bonneville reveals how a perfect storm of political intrigue, power struggles and clashing religious passions combined, in a single week, to cause the event that changed the world: the killing of Jesus. Cal Weaver is living the American dream. He has a good job, a beautiful house, great children and a beautiful wife, named Emily. Cal's seemingly perfect life unravels, however, when he learns that Emily has been unfaithful and wants a divorce. Over 40 and suddenly single, Cal is adrift in the fickle world of dating. Enter, Jacob Palmer, a self-styled player who takes Cal under his wing and teaches him how to be a hit with the ladies. When a rich Indian international student falls for a working class Australian girl, who is crazily in love with him. How will he handle the cultural differences and succeed in his love, against his parents' plans for his future? The first World War rages on when a group of American soldiers find a mysterious artifact that can summon the ancient evil of the Krampus. After the men are killed in action, the artifact is sent to the commanding officer's widow who is a teacher at a small-town orphanage. The orphans accidentally summon the Krampus and the teacher, and her pupils are forced to battle this ancient evil. India, 1918. On the outskirts of Tumbbad, a cursed village where it always rains, Vinayak, along with his mother and his brother, care of a mysterious old woman who keeps the secret of an ancestral treasure that Vinayak gets obsessed with. "The Conductor" is the first feature length film created entirely by the artist Jeremy Mann.  It is a story told through a dreamscape metaphor of the eternal artistic struggle. The Heroes of Destiny have taken on the task of protecting Mexico from danger. A new batch of recruits start their trials to see if they can join. Meanwhile an old enemy seeks out vengeance at a dark place. Can destiny prevail? Massively affected by the big city, Baddi, a janitor in the morgue, makes phone calls to the yet-to-be-informed widows in an attempt to meet the one that will fulfill his fantasy of love, wealth and social status. When a zombie named Euphrosyne awakens after a century-long slumber, she finds herself coming face-to-face with a group of five university students - a stand-off that leads to a bloody battle for all concerned, revolving around a secret stone hidden in the depths of the campus' archives. Set in a 19th-century european village, this stop-motion animation feature follows the story of Victor, a young man whisked away to the underworld and wed to a mysterious corpse bride, while his real bride Victoria waits bereft in the land of the living.  Bizli has possessed supernatural power by birth. Her father wants to hide it, but an evil scientist wants to use her to implement a cold fusion electricity generation project. A despondent girl. A boy who still believes in love. Eve meets Juri while people in the city night prey on each other. A shadow appears to tighten its grip on Eve. A thing with the foreboding face of a murky stranger. Pida rakkautes (Go Love Yourself) is a dark comedy-drama with romantic overtones. It is based on a theatrical play of the same name, written and directed by Aino Martiskainen in Jyvaskyla, Finland 2013. When Michele Chadwick's best friend Sophia accidentally awakens the spirit of a malevolent witch that died centuries ago, Michele has to find a way to save her soul from eternal damnation. This comedy tells the story of a man shorty too want perfection with a normal man is handsome. To realize his wish, he was studying the wrong that he forgot himself and his actions were ultimately eat themselves. On 22 December 1997, forty-five indigenous residents of the small Southern Mexican village of Acteal were attending a prayer meeting in their village church when they were slaughtered by unknown paramilitary forces. They were members of the pacifist group Las Abejas (The Bees), who were supporters of the revolutionary Zapatistas but renounced their violent methods. The investigation into their deaths quickly went suspiciously cold. Scottish documentary maker Nick Higgins, an expert on Mexican culture and politics and the author of Understanding the Chiapas Rebellion, attains unprecedented access to the place, the people, and the story behind a barely-reported atrocity.  During 1960-90s, several theaters and public spaces in Seoul and other cities, such as Pagoda theater, Keukdong theater, and Seongdong theater, had been appropriated as the crucial 'cruising spot' by male sexual minorities. Now the main stage of cruising has moved from the physical spaces to the virtual fields. It seems there is no spatial validity as the Cruising Spot any longer. In the Philippine remake of the 2014 South Korean film of the same name, an elderly woman in her 70s suddenly finds herself to be in her 20s after having her picture taken in a mysterious photo studio. Gu Xiaojiao, a young girl from 2018 and Lu Ming, a man from 1999, discover that they have both woken up in the same bed at the same space-time. More surprisingly, they realize that they can time travel by exiting the bedroom door. The fun begins when they start to plan a number of changes within these two eras. However, they do not know that their destiny is in the hands of a mysterious person. Tia, a 10 year-old Syrian refugee living in Montreal, finds a magic portal and travels to the Arctic where she befriends an Inuk girl with who she immerses herself in a world of Inuit myth and magic. Michael has a routine. Every day at noon, he heads to his favorite local park where he sits and enjoys the sun on the same bench. However, this time is slightly different, he is greeted by a mysterious woman who soon seems to know everything about him. However, he doesn't recall ever meeting her. The residents of the little village called 'Schemermeer', prepare themselves for a large village festival. Giacomo befriends a man, believing that he is the reincarnation of his dead father.  Themovie is based on the life of Prakashan. It showcases his journey through different mysterious elements and his encounters with Kaitholachathan and Iruttu Gulikan. The X-Men face their most formidable and powerful foe when one of their own, Jean Grey, starts to spiral out of control. During a rescue mission in outer space, Jean is nearly killed when she's hit by a mysterious cosmic force. Once she returns home, this force not only makes her infinitely more powerful, but far more unstable. The X-Men must now band together to save her soul and battle aliens that want to use Grey's new abilities to rule the galaxy. When recently single Steven moves into his new apartment, cable guy Chip comes to hook him up--and doesn't let go. Initially, Chip is just overzealous in his desire to be Steven's pal, but when Steven tries to end the 'friendship', Chip shows his dark side. He begins stalking Steven, who's left to fend for himself because no one else can believe Chip's capable of such behaviour. Pierrot escapes his boring society and travels from Paris to the Mediterranean Sea with Marianne, a girl chased by hit-men from Algeria. They lead an unorthodox life, always on the run. Chronicle of the daily activity of a newspaper called "La Jornada". Through the events covered by the gossip columnist that occupy precisely the seventh page, a portrait emerges of different classes of Spain in the 50's and a vision of reality where facts are mixed comedy, police, emotional, dramatic and even tragic. After getting into a cemetery to take pictures for his website, Ludovic is caught by the old grave keeper. Waiting for the police, he shows Ludovic his book of tombs inside which are the most bizarre and intriguing stories he's witnessed. David ans Sarah didn't meet together since the murder of their both parents. The young woman receive a weird book from her uncle displaying misunderstanding contents. Sarah asked David to go with her to their uncle to find some answers. At the same time three mobsters flew to the border to escape authorities after a bank robery. All of them will be trapped in a freaky situation who led them to the depths of Hell. Death, destruction, awakening of the Beast will follow. Pierrot escapes his boring society and travels from Paris to the Mediterranean Sea with Marianne, a girl chased by hit-men from Algeria. They lead an unorthodox life, always on the run. During the day Paola is an ordinary primary school teacher, but at night, she turns into...The Christmas Witch, a magical creature who brings gifts to the good kids. One night, Paola disappears, kidnapped by Mr. Johnny, a cruel Toymaker who got his childhood ruined by the Witch and is now seeking revenge. A group of six brave pupils who found out their teacher's secret, will live an extraordinary adventure to rescue her. Will they be able to save Paola and Christmas? After the end of the civil war that tore apart Japan, the new governors of Touto, Hokuto and Seito work together to reunify the country. However, they are actually members of an extraterrestrial race called the "Blood Tribe" (the same species as Evolto), who assumed their government positions as part of a plan to destroy Earth as they have done to Mars and other planets before. Considering Sento Kiryu (Kamen Rider Build) a major threat to their plans, the Blood Tribe manipulates his friends and other civilians into attacking him. With even his close ally Ryuga Banjo (Kamen Rider Cross-Z) now against him, Sento must fight to survive and stop the Blood Tribe's plan from succeeding. On Gary's first day of being homeless, he delves into his new situation with charming resilience--from an attempt at urban homesteading that is at once inspiring and absurd to some creative financing in the name of SunnyD. But it's not until a mysterious goth girl, Tara, inadvertently leads him into a dreamlike world of sinister forces that he is truly challenged and realizes sometimes you've gotta go down in order to rise up. Gary and the Underworld is a super-stylish, no-dialogue feature that speaks through an awesome original soundtrack and immersive imagery to tell a tale of human kindness that addresses--and grapples with--the assumptions we make about what it means to have and have not. When the War between the majestic Garuda and the monstrous Raksod burst into a wide-spread annexation all over the ancient world, the last soldiers of Garuda have the courageous Himmaphan Warriors joining their alliance. Together, they have to fight against the brutal annihilation from the cold-hearted creatures that want to conquer the world. Set in the future the world has been split into sectors, humans have captured deviants and force them to fight to the death. Madman Dominion Harvey hosts the immortal wars and televises the show to the entire planet. Trikalypse and fellow deviants will not only fight to survive, but to bring down Dominion Industries. His outstanding film, - Football of the Good Old Days had a repeated line, which became a popular saying: "One needs a team". The hero, Minarik, the legendary laundry-owner tried to fill his football team with enthusiasm. He represented the man of the 70s, trying to find a way out, wallowing in nostalgia. The film's story will deal with Misono Alicein's past. Nachan and his friends were spending peaceful days when Dr.Franklin call out them to Triforce. Nachan, Isobel and Bandain undertake an important assignment, which is to educate new mechanimals born in the lab. Wing knight, Wing leo, High tero and Master leads four sacred mechanimals. They have to track and tame newer, stronger mechanimals. However Bandain challenge Nachan to an unexpected duel. When Lucy Honeychurch and chaperon Charlotte Bartlett find themselves in Florence with rooms without views, fellow guests Mr Emerson and son George step in to remedy the situation. Meeting the Emersons could change Lucy's life forever but, once back in England, how will her experiences in Tuscany affect her marriage plans? Pedavi Datani Matokatundhi (English: I Have a word which I haven't Told Yet) is an Indian Telugu language, fantasy romantic comedy film directed by T Guru Prasad, written by TG Keerthi Kumar and produced by Aditi and TG Keerthi Kumar.[1][2][3] It features Raavan Reddy and Payal Wadhwa and Naresh in the lead roles.[4][5][6]. The film was released on July 27, 2018.[7]  Xingxi travels alone to Alor Setar, a town in Northern Malaysia. As a consequence of a blown tire, she experiences three variant adventures. She introduces herself to people using different identities with mysterious secrets. In return, what the journey brings her is thoroughly unexpected. In the first adventure, Brooke is a traveler; in the second adventure, Brooke is an anthropologist; in the third, Brooke is a divorcee. She is a disheartened woman who comes across a French writer named Pierre. The two lonely travelers become instant friends. Their age gap enables them to have their respective insights into life and death. Meanwhile, it is not until the enigmatic side of Alor Setar begins to unfold that Brooke tells Pierre the true reason why she has come. They seek to understand the interaction between love and life. As the story comes to an end, mother nature shows her beauty with the magical Blue Tears phenomenon on prominent display. Alicia and Damian are ghosts occupying a large empty house on Lake Rinihue. Unable to assimilate their condition as dead people, they wander the house during an eternal day, gradually discovering the rules of this strange world and the reason for their presence. Shi Miao hates her brother Shi Fen. So, she makes a birthday wish: She wants her brother gone. However, she did not expect the wish come true. Eugene, a film school graduate, came to Poland to meet her old friends. Dongchul, who also studied film, came to Ukraine to meet his old friends also. They travel separately through Europe, visiting their own cities, and waiting for their own objects to arrive a few days later. Sometimes they imagine the movie they want to make. Shiro works a dead-end job cleaning the homes of the recently deceased. But when he stumbles onto the residence of his childhood idol, the great Detective Jubei Yagyu, Shiro's life changes forever. With the help of his trusty partner Mio, Shiro is determined to honor the legacy of his fallen hero by becoming a great detective... if only somebody had a case! A Brooklyn teenager juggles conflicting identities and risks friendship, heartbreak, and family in a desperate search for sexual expression. After barely surviving a furious shootout with the police, Baby Firefly, Otis Driftwood and Captain Spaulding are behind bars. But pure evil cannot be contained. Teaming up with Otis' half-brother Wilson, the demented Firefly clan escape to unleash a whole new wave of murder, madness and mayhem. Mar Gaye Oye Loko is an upcoming Indian-Punjabi film directed by Simerjit Singh starring Gippy Grewal, Binnu Dhillon & Sapna Pabbi. Film is releasing worldwide on 31st August 2018. Renowned filmmakers D A Pennebaker and Chris Hegedus follow determined animal rights activist Steven Wise into the courtroom for an unprecedented battle that seeks to utilize the writ of habeas corpus to expand legal "personhood" to include certain animals. Wise's unusual plaintiffs--chimpanzees Tommy and Kiko, once famed showbiz stars--are now living in filth, struggling to survive. Wise and his impassioned legal team take us into the field, revealing gripping evidence of such abuse and plunging us into the intricacies of their case as they probe preconceived notions of what it means to be a non-human animal. Funny mermaid Princess Sunny secretly sneaked into the human world, unfortunately, "cargo" lost the important scales. In order to return to the ocean, Sunny had to go ashore all the way to be searched, by well-intentions human girl Amy and Qiqi rescued from the museum, but also inadvertently and scale integration campus male god Wen Zhengxi launched a vigorous pursuit. Sunny is about to return to love the ocean back to the moment, the crush of Wen Zhengxi's eldest sister, Rowling has seen Sunny's mermaid identity, and with the mermaid's perversity of the glasses, teacher launched a mermaid arrest, Sunny's life So at stake. A new look at the poem, "Christabel" (1816), by the British S. T. Coleridge. The only daughter of a rural worker, Christabel meets Geraldine, a mysterious woman who claims to have been attacked by men and needs help. In her innocence and purity, Christabel welcomes Geraldine into her father's house. From then on, the two protagonists relate in a way that Geraldine has a great influence on Christabel, destabilizing her convictions and promoting rupture of the traditions, but that bring a feeling of passion and freedom never experienced by her. In this adaptation, instead of England, the history takes place in the rural zone, in the middle of the closed Goian; The character Geraldine is a mysterious, free and independent woman who appears to swing the established structure and pre-framed relationships, which weigh on Christabel and her father. When headstrong pilot Bill Kellogg disobeys orders and takes a plane to photograph potential landing fields in uncharted Latin American country, he ends up running out of gas and crashing. The members of a nearby tribal village save Bill from the wreckage, but arent willing to help him get home. Stunning and surreal, this hybrid documentary finds a group of hotel staff reflecting on their life, hopes and dreams in a deserted Egyptian holiday resort. Keita, Whisper, Jibanyan, Inaho, Usapyon, and all of their Yo-kai friends embark on five unique adventures that all end up tied together in the end. A novelist's wife and son see him changed by an apparent encounter with aliens in the mountains. Hitch a ride into the dark heart of Australia with Soda_Jerk's TERROR NULLIUS, a blistering, badly behaved sample-based film that confronts the horror of our contemporary moment.  Equal parts political satire, eco-horror and road movie, TERROR NULLIUS is a rogue remapping of national mythology, where a misogynistic remark is met with the sharp beak of a bird, feminist bike gangs rampage and bicentenary celebrations are ravaged by flesh-eating sheep.  By intricately remixing fragments of Australia's pop culture and film legacy, TERROR NULLIUS interrogates the unstable entanglement of fiction that underpins this country's vexed sense of self. A sheltered Indian couple visits their son in the U.S. for the first time and bungles their apartment rental, ending up in close quarters with their hosts, a gay couple and their dogs. Sultry vocalist and pianist Norah Jones is known for a unique blend of jazz and traditional vocal pop with hints of bluesy country and contemporary folk. Her debut album sold 18 million copies worldwide and earned Jones eight Grammy Awards. In this special show filmed in 2010 at St. Ann's Warehouse in Brooklyn, Jones performs a blend of covers by the likes of Tom Waits and Wilco, hits such as "Don't Know Why" and "Come Away With Me," and tracks from her fourth album, "The Fall." Three years after Affandi, Jay  and Richard experiencing an identity crisis, their lives seem happy. However they repeat the same mistake: belittling women. This time, their "victims" are their own wives. They consider homework is very easy compared to earning a living. After success in their businesses, they decide to build a new business and use most of their assets for investment. Horror anthology consists from four stories. Marisa Paredes is Leocadia ("Leo") Macias, a woman writing "pink" romance novels under the alias of Amanda Gris that are very popular all across Spain. Unlike her romantic novels, her own love life is troubled. Leo has a less than happy relationship with her husband Paco, a military officer stationed in Brussels then later in Bosnia, who is distant both physically and emotionally. A dead soul returns once every year to visit his friends. His perspective changes when he realizes that he stays the same while those he cares for eventually move on with their lives. The soul looks for a way to cope with the endlessness and inevitability of time. Nick and Frank Starkey were both policemen. A scandal forced Nick to leave the force, now a serial killer has driven the police to take him back. A web that includes Frank's wife, bribery, and corruption all are in the background as Nick tries to uncover the secret of where the killer will strike next, and finally must lay a trap without the police. When a recently deceased playboy gets to heaven and is granted one wish--granted to all newcomers--he requests that he be able to see the reactions of three husbands, with whom he regularly played poker, to a letter he left each of them claiming to have had an affair with each's wife. At an elementary school in Rome, a young substitute teacher begins to read chapters from the book The Wonderful Wizard of Oz to her new and very young pupils. Soon afterwards, bizarre things start to occur, as reality and dreams merge and the children themselves become characters in a new version of L. Frank Baum's original OZ fairy tale... President Lincoln's mother is killed by a supernatural creature, which fuels his passion to crush vampires and their slave-owning helpers. Traveling in search of the rare ingredient, "sky fish"  Meliodas and Hawk arrive at a palace that floats above the clouds. The people there are busy preparing a ceremony, meant to protect their home from a ferocious beast that awakens once every 3,000 years. But before the ritual is complete, the Six Knights of Black--a Demon Clan army--removes the seal on the beast, threatening the lives of everyone in the Sky Palace. The beautiful 500-year-old vampire who lived a quiet life running a dressing room in a secluded alley. There has come a fatal crisis to her. The smell of the boy who likes her constantly stimulates her vampire instinct which has been suppressed for a while When a powerful developer named Mr. Scheck wants to knock down all the stores and houses in Arnold's neighborhood to build a huge "mall-plex", it looks likes the neighborhood is doomed to disappear. But with the help of a superhero and a mysterious deep-voiced stranger, Arnold and Gerald will need to recover a crucial document in order to save their beloved neighborhood. A young New York fashion executive's trip to Milan takes a bad turn when he is kidnapped and whisked off to an Alpine village to be held for ransom money. Little does he (or his three abductors) know that the small, rustic cottage they end up spending the night in is under a gypsy love spell. Or that when they awaken, they will be Smitten! by the first living soul that meets their eyes. A ghost realizes her ex-boyfriend can see her as she languishes in the afterlife. A new detective was sent to investigate unusual events in a rural village in the north-east of Thailand which was believed to be involved with the mythical giant snake called Nakee. Follow the adventures of Belle, a bright young woman who finds herself in the castle of a prince who's been turned into a mysterious beast. With the help of the castle's enchanted staff, Belle soon learns the most important lesson of all -- that true beauty comes from within. Eclipsed By The Moon Concerts Filmed Live in Germany at Trier and Oberhausen Arenas on 12th and 13th April 2013. A princess seeks refuge in a Convent to escape an arranged marriage. A young prince tries to make sense of his station. A giant bird mysteriously appears after centuries of absence. MASLA A PAPANOK (AVE) mixes history, myth, memory and magic to reimagine the Spanish colonial period in Mindanao like never before. Demon Catcher Booger Red is a hybrid documentary/narrative about a veteran reporter who searches for the truth behind the largest purported child sex ring in Texas history. On his journey through the bowels of East Texas, he's forced to confront his own history with abuse while he discovers that the allegations at the root of his investigation might have never happened. Elastic Habitat is an immersive installation - you could call it a kind of playground - that invites you to explore, touch, and even carry textile sculptures. Helena Dietrich designed the textile figures with Janneke Raaphorst, based on one-on-one sessions with various guests. In these discussions, they investigated their personal perceptions of their own bodies. Does your personality completely coincide with this body and everything surrounding it? And if you change it in any way, do you change too? You literally inhabit an imaginary body and thus have the time to explore your own identity in an uninhibited, sensory, intuitive way. The morning after his high school graduation ceremony, Araragi goes to the bathroom to wash his face but is struck by the sensation that his reflection is watching him. Touching the mirror, Araragii's hand passes straight through and he is sucked into a mysterious world. Marina's life is thrown into turmoil following the death of her partner. Mourning the loss of the man she loved, she finds herself under intense scrutiny from those with no regard for her privacy. The story centres on one such nomadic tribe who it transpires are searching for new, uncontaminated females with whom to procreate. Big Lou is apparently second in command in this group and in addition to leading search parties for females his role also involves standing as the leaders champion during combative arena matches. A former FBI profiler, now a sheriff of a small town and a single parent of a high school aged daughter, begins to profile a series of unexplained murders only to learn that the monster he's profiling may be himself. The movie tells a story of whimsical and beautiful experiences that a woman goes through after she has changed an antique store into a cafe for her business. In the waning years of the Ming Dynasty, the Bruneian Empire offers a rare creature to the nation as a gift. Ocean, a member of the Imperial Secret Police, has been tasked to tame the beast. Though the furry beast appears ferocious on the outside, Ocean discovers that it is kind by nature. Not wanting to turn the beast into a killing machine on the battlefield, Ocean secretly releases the beast into the wild and elopes with Frigid, the daughter of a man executed on false charges. Larry the Reindeer thinks he can fill Santa's shoes, but he's about to get more than he bargained for! When Mighty Bunion, the wicked wizard, casts a spell causing Larry to switch places with Santa, the future of Christmas rests on one simple-minded reindeer's hooves! Santa's number one elf, Benny, and three of his trusty reindeer fleet - Tinker, Terry, and Barry - set out to search for their missing boss and rescue their favorite holiday from disaster! With the clock ticking down to Christmas Eve, these North Pole heroes brave a snowy wonderland of friends and foes alike in a race against time to rescue the world's most famous sleigh-driver! No overview found. Anti Matter (AKA Worm) is a sci-fi noir take on the Alice in Wonderland tale. Ana, an Oxford PhD student, finds herself unable to build new memories following an experiment to generate and travel through a wormhole. The story follows her increasingly desperate efforts to understand what happened, and to find out who - or what - is behind the rising horror in her life. Legendary tomb explorer Hu Bayi is on a dangerous mission as he seeks out the Tomb of Emperor Xian, located on an island of monstrous creatures in this mystical action-adventure. The world of science is shocked with the creation of sophisticated weapons as the savior of the world from giant asteroids that can hit the earth in the future. But, these weapons are successfully hijacked by a group of villain led by Durja King and transformed into a threat of destruction. But in times of crisis, GARUDA appears as a figure who has super power that can save the world. A day in the life of Swedish poet Karl Holmqvist. A pair of investigators team up with a Special Forces Unit to venture deep inside a war raging between the military and a massive army of Nazi Zombie Stormtroopers. Their mission is to fight their way behind enemy lines, locate the technology at the source of this growing threat and prevent the seemingly inevitable rise of the 4th Reich. A beautiful girl, Snow White, takes refuge in the forest in the house of seven dwarfs to hide from her stepmother, the wicked Queen. The Queen is jealous because she wants to be known as "the fairest in the land," and Snow White's beauty surpasses her own. A beautiful princess born in a faraway kingdom is destined by a terrible curse to prick her finger on the spindle of a spinning wheel and fall into a deep sleep that can only be awakened by true love's first kiss. Determined to protect her, her parents ask three fairies to raise her in hiding. But the evil Maleficent is just as determined to seal the princess's fate. The Monkey King: The Legend Begins is the re-imagined version by Hollywood of the film The Monkey King: Havoc in Heavens Palace, the origin and birthplace of The Monkey King Story. A tale of people unfolds under the night sky. These doomed couples and lost individuals begin journeys and attempt to find resolution in their lives. Love is observed from a distance, sadness is in the air. With little sympathy for the loss and destruction caused to the characters, the stories progress and become neatly woven into a minimalistic portrayal of modern life. A kindhearted street urchin named Aladdin embarks on a magical adventure after finding a lamp that releases a wisecracking genie while a power-hungry Grand Vizier vies for the same lamp that has the power to make their deepest wishes come true. In a woods filled with magic and fairy tale characters, a baker and his wife set out to end the curse put on them by their neighbor, a spiteful witch. Set during the Heian Period, Kyo is a beautiful city that is proud of its glory. Two beautiful onmyouji meet, and the sad and short-lived beautiful cherry blossom starts to stir after 1000 years. 