1970's pop culture icons Danny Bonaduce and Barry Williams face off in the hunt for the legendary mountain creature. The sadistic tale of a lonely, mentally handicapped boy who befriends his reflection in an antique mirror. This demonic creature orders him to go on a murderous rampage to kill the people he loves most. A young girl buys an antique box at a yard sale, unaware that inside the collectible lives a malicious ancient spirit. The girl's father teams with his ex-wife to find a way to end the curse upon their child. A young woman who suffers a strange disease must travel to a mysterious island in South America, where myths and reality are one and the same. Fifty years after the incidents in Black Claw Mountain, a group of students are prey to a monster part human, part bear and part liquid. When David King purchases a house in the hills far above the angst of Los Angeles, he gets much more than he bargained for when strange and unexplainable occurrences in and around the house begin to take control of his daily life Bruce Wayne is missing. Alfred covers for him while Nightwing and Robin patrol Gotham City in his stead. And a new player, Batwoman, investigates Batman's disappearance. A multinational expedition discovers a lost city beneath a pyramid, where they must stop the reawakened gods of ancient Egypt from initiating the apocalypse Julia becomes worried about her boyfriend, Holt when he explores the dark urban legend of a mysterious videotape said to kill the watcher seven days after viewing. She sacrifices herself to save her boyfriend and in doing so makes a horrifying discovery: there is a "movie within the movie" that no one has ever seen before. The stage is set for retribution as an eclectic group is lured to a secluded European Castle under the guise of a promised "fantasy weekend." And as they read from an obscure storybook, a nefarious tale of avarice is reenacted for their entertainment. However, they are unaware that they have been gathered for their own personal and befitting executions. When a strange signal pulsates through all cell phone networks worldwide, it starts a murderous epidemic of epic proportions when users become bloodthirsty creatures, and a group of people in New England are among the survivors to deal with the ensuing chaos after. Life for former United Nations investigator Gerry Lane and his family seems content. Suddenly, the world is plagued by a mysterious infection turning whole human populations into rampaging mindless zombies. After barely escaping the chaos, Lane is persuaded to go on a mission to investigate this disease. What follows is a perilous trek around the world where Lane must brave horrific dangers and long odds to find answers before human civilization falls. A terrifying psychological thriller set near the beautiful landscape of Glacier National Park, Montana. Two high school friends, Travis and Nate, are on a road trip to Canada when they're attacked by mysterious and vicious creatures. Nate is stolen into the woods and Travis will stop at nothing to get him back. Travis recruits Nate's older brother Chris to bring an arsenal and wage war against these monsters in an effort to retrieve Nate. Kari the babysitter thinks she's in for a night of routine babysitting. She's prepared to provide neurological stimulation with some soothing musical accompaniment for little Jack-Jack, the smallest member of the incredible Parr family. Little does she know that Jack-Jack will teach her a thing or two about babies with "special needs." In a case that had the nation riveted and human rights organizations the world over up in arms due to the death sentence handed out to the accused, comes a tale about the lure of riches, power, eternal youth, beauty and the blood one must spill to achieve this. English folk rock band captured live in performance at the Red Rocks Ampitheatre in Colorado in summer 2012. As well as footage of the concert itself the journey of the band to Red Rocks is explored, from their humble origins in the West London music scene to their ability to sell out the spectacular 10,000 capacity open-air amphitheatre. Heather Mason and her father have been on the run, always one step ahead of dangerous forces that she doesn't fully understand, Now on the eve of her 18th birthday, plagued by horrific nightmares and the disappearance of her father, Heather discovers she's not who she thinks she is. The revelation leads her deeper into a demonic world that threatens to trap her forever. A serial killer is taking down the hip hop industry one rapper at a time and the detectives on the case must get to him before the killer does.  Early film by Kenji Misumi. A warden and his assistant clash over prison reform, triggering a violent riot. This 'director's cut' of The Exorcist III was constructed by Shout! Factory and released in 2016.  It is a cut of the film closer to author/director William Peter Blatty's original script, as studio Morgan Creek forced Blatty to shoot new scenes (including a new ending) four months after the film's completion. It has been created with footage archived from various sources, but primarily from VHS dailies, as much of the original edited film elements have been permanently lost. This cut is also renamed Legion as that had also been Blatty's original intent.  Police Lieutenant Kinderman has been haunted by the death of his friend Father Damien Karras. Now, on the 15th anniversary of the exorcism that claimed the priest's life, Kinderman's world is once again shattered when a boy is found decapitated and savagely crucified.  In the outer districts of West Berlin something strange is happening. Justine is getting a mysterious device by a person, which is called "The Hairs From The Cross Of Jesus". After her life is in total change. A surreal multi layer narration mindfuck film by Cosmotropia de Xam revisting the original locations of Zulawski's Possession (1981). Since humanity exists nature gives them what they need: Love, warmth and security.  In the modern world of technological progress nature is often misunderstood.  A few still feel very dedicated to the love of nature, also Anna (Shivabel) the main character of our story. She meets one day a member of the ,,Il Mondo Perduto" cult, which is lead by the seven forces of nature. This encounter enriches her life ; but the situation escalated as they are in search of a victim for the implementation of their plan... Walt Disney's timeless masterpiece is an extravaganza of sight and sound! See the music come to life, hear the pictures burst into song and experience the excitement that is Fantasia over and over again. Chandrika, the only daughter of the rich industrialist Janardanan Pillai falls in love with Gopi, the son of the maid servant. Gopi is aware of his social status and keeps away from Chandrika. But Chandrika does not leave him. 2016 Telugu Movie Amir and Nayan are reality TV stars who are offered to act in a horror film. However they find that they are only capable to act in comedy films as they do not believe in ghosts. However, the duo then head back to their hometown to gain some spine-chilling experiences from Tok Mat, a medicine man who has a daughter named Julia. After a double-cornea transplant He Yiyi finally recovers her sight; six months later, however, her eyes are still giving her pain. Her ophthalmologist, says that is normal and maybe due to a part-rejection of the new corneas. He gives her some special dark glasses to help her recover; but she also starts having nightmares and visions, as well as losing her hair... Legendary filmmaker Sam Raimi and director Gil Kenan reimagine and contemporize the classic tale about a family whose suburban home is invaded by angry spirits. When the terrifying apparitions escalate their attacks and take the youngest daughter, the family must come together to rescue her. Fifteen years after murdering his sister on Halloween Night 1963, Michael Myers escapes from a mental hospital and returns to the small town of Haddonfield, Illinois to kill again. A couple gets paid 5 crores to live in a supposedly haunted house, to prove to people that ghosts don't exist. Unfortunately, the place is actually haunted by a spirit who makes it difficult for them to continue their stay. A young man who arrives at a remote island finds himself trapped in a battle for his life. A darkness swirls at the center of a world-renowned dance company, one that will engulf the troupe's artistic director, an ambitious young dancer and a grieving psychotherapist. Some will succumb to the nightmare, others will finally wake up. Add the plot. Yudha who had problems with her lungs moved to Andaru's villa in the mountainous area for rehab. But since moving to Vila Andaru, Yudha's life changed to become very horrible. He often encountered oddities. Elisa and Dewa are two students who are looking for Elisa's missing brother (Erlita). They stayed at Cempaka Lodge, right next to Vila Andaru.  Elisa and Dewa both have the ability to see spirits. The difference is that Elisa is still afraid, especially when she sees the hanging spirit (Rasti) who often haunts him at the Inn. Yudha who was reunited with Elisa and Dewa asked for help so Elisa and Dewa helped him. Laurie Strode struggles to come to terms with her brother Michael's deadly return to Haddonfield, Illinois. Meanwhile, Michael prepares for another reunion with his sister. Add the plot. Hairi and Fatin are close friends. Mira, who is also Fatin's best friend, admits that she likes Hairy. Fatin helps them to unite and get married. Over the years, Mira is jealous of Hairi's friendship with Fatin. Hairi's mother persuades Mira to make 'nasi kangkang' in order for Hairi to obey her. To achieve her intention, Mira is willing to sleep with the shaman.  Bean works as a caretaker at Britain's formidable Royal National Gallery, and his bosses want to fire him because he sleeps at work all the time, but can't because the chairman of the gallery's board defends him. They send him to USA, to the small Los Angeles art gallery instead, where he'll have to officiate at the opening of the greatest US picture ever (called "Whistler's Mother"). In The Well (Kuyu), Osman (Hayati Hamzaoglu) is in love with his fellow villager Fatma (Nil Goncu). What Fatma feels about this is of no concern for him. The only thing that matters to him is his irresistible desire. He kidnaps Fatma, goes to jail for it, and his third attempt in forced compliance culminates in a tragic finale for both of them because of the young girl's fatal revolt.    Story of a young woman who marries a fascinating widower only to find out that she must live in the shadow of his former wife, Rebecca, who died mysteriously several years earlier. The young wife must come to grips with the terrible secret of her handsome, cold husband, Max De Winter. She must also deal with the jealous, obsessed Mrs. Danvers, the housekeeper, who will not accept her as the mistress of the house. Popular Hong Kong actress Sharla Cheung actually produced two versions of this romantic seriocomedy -- starring in the second one, Romantic Dream -- and they both played theaters in the same month. Jacklyn Wu stars as Kitty, a beautiful and wealthy woman who becomes the ideal love of Cheung Kar-shing (Tony Leung), an inventor who participates in illegal road races in his spare time. Their relationship blossoms into romance, but when Kitty's father goes into hiding and leaves behind over ten million dollars in unpaid debt, she leaves Hong Kong without telling Cheung where she's going. Shortly thereafter, Cheung strikes it rich when he is paid ten million dollars by a Japanese computer firm for a chip he has invented, but money does little to relieve his aching despair in Kitty's absence. During a recent remodel of The Yellow House crews discovered the remains of a little girl and a super 8 movie camera with the footage still inside. The footage has been released to the media by Summerland police with the hope that someone can solve this mystery. Police investigators confirm the film was shot by the missing couple. It is believed they were murdered by occult members. This is their footage. Four friends gather at an elegant home during the Summer of Love, 1969. Unbeknownst to them, deadly visitors are waiting outside. What begins as a simple farewell party turns to a night of primal terror as the intruders stalk and torment the four, who struggle for their lives against what appears to be a senseless attack. Tells the story of four female college students who are majoring in breeding and are now continuing their education at the Livestock Research Center (PPP) located in remote and remote areas of the city. One day the way to the school broke up. Poor Gregory, after being released from the Wishing Well Sanatorium, all he wants to do is make the children happy. So Gregory reopens the old ice cream factory, and all the unappreciative brats are reprocessed into the flavor of the day. A film crew discovers the "eighth wonder of the world," a giant prehistoric ape, and brings him back to New York, where he wreaks havoc. A film crew discovers the "eighth wonder of the world," a giant prehistoric ape, and brings him back to New York, where he wreaks havoc. A film crew discovers the "eighth wonder of the world," a giant prehistoric ape, and brings him back to New York, where he wreaks havoc. Game of Assassins is about General Tu Jia who trains a trio of young assassins to seek revenge against villainous King of Wei. And one of the assassins succumbs to the dark side for temptation of wealth and power. Semi-true story of the Hollywood murder that occurred at a star-studded gathering aboard William Randolph Hearst's yacht in 1924. A loner madman necrophile, with also the passion of the ancient Egypt culture, start to mummifies the bodies of young victims to satisfy his desire for love and sex Set in the Aokigahara Forest, a real-life place in Japan where people go to end their lives. Against this backdrop, a young American woman comes in search of her twin sister, who has mysteriously disappeared. wo young wild girls decide to throw on a party and invite all their male friends over. After partying and having a good time the two girls and all their friends decide to tell five crazy slasher stories that is just too crazy to be true. After they're done telling there story this party ends up turning into a party day massacre. Vampire Barnabas Collins is inadvertently freed from his tomb and emerges into the very changed world of 1972. He returns to Collinwood Manor to find that his once-grand estate and family have fallen into ruin. In an attempt to free himself from a state of forgotten limbo, evil dream-demon Freddy Krueger (Robert Englund) devises a plan to manipulate un-dead mass murderer Jason Voorhees (Ken Kirzenger) into slicing-and-dicing his way through the teenage population of Springwood.  But when the master of dreams loses control of his monster, a brutal fight to the death is the only way out in this long anticipated crossover between two of modern horror's most notorious killers! A group of eighty American workers are locked in their office and ordered by an unknown voice to participate in a twisted game. After Mitch moves into his brother's house, a series of murders take place. Additionally, he begins hearing noises from the attic... The film revolves around a couple, Maria and Shimanto and their desire of having their dream house. But things soon start to get strange for them since the house is said to be cursed. The owners of the house, Mr. and Mrs. D'Souza adds more to the horror by being worshipers of black magic. When Michael attempts suicide and doesn't leave a note, he inadvertently awakens Hattie, a demon that haunts the hospital. Now he must find a way to stop her rampage before she kills everyone he connects with. After a bizarre and near fatal encounter with a serial killer, a newswoman is sent to a rehabilitation center whose inhabitants may not be what they seem. 27 years after overcoming the malevolent supernatural entity Pennywise, the former members of the Losers' Club, who have grown up and moved away from Derry, are brought back together by a devastating phone call. The city is a centre of population and culture. It is also a concentration of built infrastructure, capital and architecture. Megalomania is a short film that perceives the city in total construction; inspired by the incomplete states of world icons such as The Shard and Burj Khalifa. The built environment of the city is explored as a labyrinth of architecture that is either unfinished, incomplete or broken. Megalomania is a response to the state of many developing cities, exaggerating the appearance of progress into the sublime. A friendly couple and some punks are traveling through a mysterious route without knowing that a hideous humanoid creature is lurking. A group of ambitious filmmakers set out to create the world's first reality horror movie. What ensues is a hellish game of cat and mouse as a cryptic filmmaker, known only as The Maestro, comes out from hiding in search of his "perfect shot." Soon-Ae (Seo-Young) opens a butcher's shop. The butcher's shop is popular due to its flavorful meat. Most of the store's customers are male. Meanwhile, man's body is found at a hotel near the butcher's shop. The man was brutally murdered. Soon, more murders are found with similarities to the first murder. One day, Detective Kim (Kim Min-Jun) stops by the butcher's shop and meets Soon-Ae. Since then, Detective Kim keeps a watch on Soon-Ae. Hong Kong veterans Chin Siu Ho and Richard Ng, who recently co-stared in Vampire Cleanup Department, take on the old-school vampire genre again in Bio Raiders. Famed doctor Mo Tian Shi (Richard Ng) concocts an immortality medicine to save his terminally ill daughter Xiao Xin, but it comes at a grave cost. To sustain life, she must drink human blood. Twenty years later, Mo's apprentice Li Yao Shi (Chin Siu Ho) returns to town and notices something is amiss. To hide the truth, Mo poses as a vampire and tries to shoulder the blame himself. However, Xiao Xin's uncontrollable thirst for blood drives her to even bite her own father. A hillbilly moonshiner enlists in the army. Monogram Pictures' comedy was inspired by the then-popular comic strip character. Detective Raymond Pope is a detective of questionable morals, searching for his missing wife. His investigation leads him to the wealthy estate of the enigmatic Elizabeth Kane and her young maid Irina. Under Elizabeth's fascinating looks and aristocratic manners hides a terrifying secret,shared by her companion Irina. As Detective Pope finds himself perversely drawn to the powerful Elizabeth, bodies begin to surface, his inquiries only deepening the mystery surrounding Elizabeth's past. Pope's obsession grows so intense that he completely fails to anticipate Elizabeth's reaction to his intrusion into her dark world, a fatal mistake that might cost him his life and the lives of those close to him. Taking place on the last day of the Creeper's twenty-three-day feeding frenzy, as the skeptical Sergeant Tubbs teams up with a task force hellbent on destroying the Creeper for good. The Creeper fights back in gory glory as its enemies grow closer than ever before to learning the secret of its dark origins. Jimmy Duncan is a film director working on his fourth film but things are not exactly going as planned. Forced underground by the next ice age, a struggling outpost of survivors must fight to preserve humanity against a threat even more savage than nature. After getting in a car accident, a woman is held in a shelter with two men, who claim the outside world is affected by a widespread chemical attack. Dr. Louis Creed and his wife, Rachel, move from Boston to Ludlow, in rural Maine, with their two young children. Hidden in the woods near the new family home, Ellie, their eldest daughter, discovers a mysterious cemetery where the pets of community members are buried. Based on the award winning short film, Blood Shot is the story of a cop named Rip whose life falls apart as he chases a terminator-like vampire, who happens to be a hitman for the CIA. They must join forces to stop a terrorist cell before its too late, battling through obstacles such as a harem, giant eunuch, demon-genie, and even explosive midgets. A group of friends must confront their most terrifying fears when they awaken the dark powers of an ancient spirit board. After his friends slip him LSD on a camping trip, ultra-nerdy Nancy hallucinates that they are evil beings and begins to systematically hunt them down. Meanwhile, a mysterious corporation monitors the entire event for their own hidden purpose. Two parallel tales of redemption, a century apart. In the New York storyline, Edge hunts for Angela's gold to pay back a debt, and gradually grows closer to her. In the Macedonian story, the brothers end up fighting for opposite sides of a revolution, with the religious Elijah taking up sides with the Ottoman sultan and gunslinger Luke joining "the Teacher" , a Macedonian rebel. A young woman, Eve, fights back and manages to escape a malicious abductor. However, after discovering she may not be the only victim, Eve unravels a darker truth and decides to turn the tables on her captor. On the outskirts of a small mountain town, retired farmer Hank Taylor decides to pull down an old dead tree that sits on the edge of his property. Hank soon discovers something strange buried in the ground beneath...something large, metallic and not of this earth. Dormant for over 200 years, the object's power returns, resurrecting the hibernating occupants from a long slumber and turning the Taylor farm into an arena of heart-pounding terror. As the inhabitants of the farm take refuge in the secluded farm house, a group of mysterious covert government agents callously monitors the situation. Why have the Aliens traveled to Earth? Are the Government Agents hiding something? A group of friends and family descend into the Everglades swamplands for their annual hunting trip only to discover that they are the ones being hunted. A malevolent entity is tracking them and they begin to realise one of their party may be possessed by something brought home from a tour of duty in the Middle East - a demon of war so horrible and deadly they are unaware of its devilish presence. Or are they facing something even more unspeakable, a legendary Native American curse about to unleash its dreadful legacy of thirsting for colonial revenge by claiming more souls? Ten years after a tsunami destroyed a small-town elementary school with all the children inside, a young man builds a mysterious structure out of the school's remains, setting the town aflame with passions long forgotten. Oscar Krug (Bosworth) is looked upon with suspicion by his neighbors because of his name. When the United States is drawn into the war with Germany, a group of citizens attack Krug. They are met with strong opposition from Krug and decide to leave him alone. Bill Tavish, his greatest opponent, becomes his closest friend and they travel the seas together as captain and first mate. Krug marries Alice Morse against her family wishes, and, when the family finds out, she is driven from the home, so she stays on her husband's ship. During a submarine attack Alice is snatched from Krug's side by a German officer. Krug now lives to revenge himself on the captain of the German submarine, and when the opportunity presents itself, he wreaks a terrible vengeance upon him. A journalist, his girlfriend and the obligatory group of hard-partying teens are butchered by a masked psycho near a lake. Lucille (Linnea Quigley) is murdered by crime boss Severin (Jim O'Rear) and his thugs, goes to hell and returns five years later as a demon / zombie to get her revenge. A family's road trip takes a dangerous turn when they arrive at a secluded mobile home park to stay with some relatives and find it mysteriously deserted. Under the cover of darkness, three masked psychopaths pay them a visit to test the family's every limit as they struggle to survive. Mia, a young woman struggling with sobriety, heads to a remote cabin with a group of friends where the discovery of a Book of the Dead unwittingly summon up dormant demons which possess the youngsters one-by-one. Four everyday suburban guys come together as an excuse to escape their humdrum lives one night a week. But when they accidentally discover that their town has become overrun with aliens posing as ordinary suburbanites, they have no choice but to save their neighborhood - and the world - from total extermination. A yuppie couple (in their mid thirties) buy a vacant house in the country in order to convert it to a bed and breakfast. The House, has other plans. College students exploring an abandoned insane asylum accidentally shatter canisters holding the cremains of former mental patients. Inhaling the dusty ash filling the air, they're soon possessed by the souls once held within them. One is a convicted serial killer from 1950. A revenge-seeking gold digger marries a womanizing Beverly Hills lawyer with the intention of making a killing in the divorce. A young couple embark upon their honeymoon against the chilling landscapes of the Pacific Northwest. But when tragedy strikes, gruesome secrets from their past collide with sinister forces of the present... Five school friends seek adventure on Halloween night in an abandoned, haunted mine, only to find to their horror that the ghostly rumors may be true as they fight for survival. Robert Breer animation from 1970.  16mm, color, silent, using spray paint & stencils. After his happy life spins out of control, a preacher from Texas changes his name, goes to Louisiana and starts preaching on the radio. In a remote mountain lodge, five sorority sisters accidentally unleash an unholy entity, and must battle evil and each other to stop it from devouring mankind. When a teenager gets pregnant, her mother feels the baby should be adopted. The girl seeks advice from her school counsellor, but this woman has her own agenda. Madeline Goddard, is a British double agent who meets and falls in love with a German spy Baron Karl Von Marwitz during World War I. This tale of espionage blends high adventure and romance making perfect order from wartime chaos and growing in faith from despair. The journey of zombie Lily and Jack from Fistful of Brains continues in the 70's where they fight Dead Eye and his hippie hordes. A gang of bank robbers team up with the residents of an old people's home to try to survive a zombie outbreak. Set in 1984, when the war on drugs was at its height, the story concerns a strain of mold developed by the government to wipe out Colombian coca fields. Unfortunately, during a demonstration, the mold gets out of control and proves to be deadly to more than just vegetation. American Weapon is the story of six beautiful travelers who head to the mountains for a getaway weekend, only to be terrorized by a homicidal war veteran, who has been programmed to kill without remorse. Six friends, who've known each other from childhood, break into the tower block they lived in as kids, now deserted and condemned, to rig-up a pirate radio station, get high and party. When one of the group goes missing, her friends begin to search the dark interior of the tower and soon realize that they are not alone: a resident psychopath lurks in the shadows and is hunting them down, taking them out, one-by-one. The recently deceased Mona Dearly (Bette Midler) was many things: an abusive wife, a domineering mother, a loud-mouthed neighbor and a violent malcontent. So when her car and corpse are discovered in the Hudson River, police Chief Wyatt Rash (Danny DeVito) immediately suspects murder rather than an accident. But, since the whole community of Verplanck, N.Y., shares a deep hatred for this unceasingly spiteful woman, Rash finds his murder investigation overwhelmed with potential suspects. Tortured by the memory of a childhood trauma, a woman returns after a decade to her family's fly-in hunting lodge to assist her siblings with their dying father, only to find herself stuck in a life threatening nightmare. After a massive destruction on Earth, a white girl Alba (14) and a black boy Didac (9), are the only survivors on the Earth. They must start a new world. A Second Origin. Population is over. There are only two survivors. Now, our future depends on them. A troupe of actors hired for a haunted house attraction soon find that they are working in a true house of horror. A surrogate mother harbors a deadly secret desire for a family of her own with the husband who is expecting to raise her child. 27 years after overcoming the malevolent supernatural entity Pennywise, the former members of the Losers' Club, who have grown up and moved away from Derry, are brought back together by a devastating phone call. The coming-of-age story of Cayden Richards. Forced to hit the road after the murder of his parents, Cayden wanders lost without purpose... Until he meets a certifiable lunatic named Wild Joe who sets him on a path to the ominous town of Lupine Ridge to hunt down the truths of his history. But in the end| who's really hunting whom? A family that survives the genocide in Indonesia confronts the men who killed one of their brothers. A group of stick-up kids rob a mafia run strip club and head for the border but when they enter the town of Redstone, they find that crime is a dish best served cold! Kane Hodder (Friday the 13th, Hatchet) takes the title role as Sheriff Slade Sickle, a man with a true appetite for justice! The film co-stars Tiffany Shepis (Nightmare Man, Dark Reel) and Rena Riffel (Showgirls, Mulholland Dr.) in this carnage-filled tribute to American Grind-House cinema.  Horror Legend Kane Hodder (Friday the 13th, Hatchet) is Sheriff Slade Sickle, and when a group of stick up kids arrive in his town, they find that justice is a dish best served cold. Expect buckets of blood, bullets and mayhem in this tribute to American Grindhouse.  - Written by Anonymous (IMDb) 200 years after his shocking creation, Dr. Frankenstein's creature, Adam, still walks the earth. But when he finds himself in the middle of a war over the fate of humanity, Adam discovers he holds the key that could destroy humankind. A pair of investigators team up with a Special Forces Unit to venture deep inside a war raging between the military and a massive army of Nazi Zombie Stormtroopers. Their mission is to fight their way behind enemy lines, locate the technology at the source of this growing threat and prevent the seemingly inevitable rise of the 4th Reich. One moment some 80 people are walking on a big city street. Suddenly a blinding light appears that transports them to a very peculiar racing course. A voice sounds in everybody's head : "The school, the house and the prison are safe. Follow the arrows or you will die. Stay on the path or you will die. If you're doubled twice, you will die. Do not touch the grass or you will die. Race or die." Whether you're rich or poor, old or young, blind, strong, handicapped, courageous or a coward; the rules make no distinction. There can be only one winner ! After getting a taste for blood as children, Hansel and Gretel have become the ultimate vigilantes, hell-bent on retribution. Now, unbeknownst to them, Hansel and Gretel have become the hunted, and must face an evil far greater than witches... their past. When a film crew moves into an abandoned psychiatric hospital with a shadowy past to shoot a low budget horror film, they get more than they bargained for. The late nights and lack of sleep begin to take a toll, and the longer this crew works, the more the leaky, wet building seems to be coming back to life, feeding off its new inhabitants. As the shoot wears on, members of the crew exhibit increasingly strange behavior leaving those still sane realizing they need to get out of this place before they too succumb to the building's infectious hold, the only problem, the old hospital is not ready to let them go. When a young woman is brutally killed by an intruder, her husband and estranged father conspire to bring her back from the dead with the help of a mysterious desert dweller. Soon after she awakens, she begins to realize that something is horribly wrong... Miles Monroe, a clarinet-playing health food store proprietor, is revived out of cryostasis 200 years into a future world in order to help rebels fight an oppressive government regime. Plagued by frightening occurrences in their home, Kelly and Ben learn that a university's parapsychology experiment produced an entity that is now haunting them. The malevolent spirit feeds on fear and torments the couple no matter where they run. Desperate, Kelly and Ben turn to a paranormal researcher, but even with his aid, it may already be too late to save themselves from the terrifying presence. A seductive alien prowls the streets of Glasgow in search of prey: unsuspecting men who fall under her spell. Dark Horror comedy starring Raine Brown and Billy Garberina A young family moves into a historic home in Georgia, only to learn they are not the house's only inhabitants. Soon they find themselves in the presence of a secret rising from underground and threatening to bring down anyone in its path. Paranormal investigators Ed and Lorraine Warren work to help a family terrorized by a dark presence in their farmhouse. Forced to confront a powerful entity, the Warrens find themselves caught in the most terrifying case of their lives. Gina Skylar, the reigning queen of horror, lures Jake Bubar, her number one fan, into the decadent world of illusions and myths in order to find her producer's stolen film footage. A group of college friends discover a 15th century coffin that allows them to experience the world as ghosts. While their first adventures in the spirit world are playful and innocent, the "Box of Shadows" soon brings out the group's most dangerous impulses and desires. The friends find themselves pulled into a world of evil where they learn the line between life and death is there for a reason. A mind-bending thriller set in Portland, Oregon about an unspoken tragedy and its effects on a house, its temporary caretakers and the owners, a classical music critic and his wife on a recuperative trip to Italy. Distressed over his teenaged son's addiction to the Internet and fearful that the developing boy has grown detached from the real world, documentary filmmaker Ross McElwee takes a journey back into his own adolescence by returning to St. Quay-Portrieux in Brittany, France, which he visited as a teen, and attempting to track down the photographer who gave him his first job, and the girl who once stole his heart. An aspiring teen detective stumbles into her first real case, when investigating the mysterious new family in her neighborhood. After a campus-wide zombie outbreak a slacker college student must protect his younger brother while becoming the unlikely leader of a small band of quirky survivors. Loser Ed has a lame job, a beater car, a crappy apartment and no hope of a girlfriend. Ed doesn't think things could get any worse for him until the day he woke up and found he had GONE ZOMBIE. Can Ed become the zombie he was born to be? A reporter unearths an urban legend about a home being constructed from rooms where horrific tragedies have occurred. A once-famous painter rediscovers inspiration when he befriends a sleepwalking cannibal. Nora Dunn is a struggling artist desperately trying to recover from a childhood trauma, but her life is turn upside down when she is haunted by the vision of a long dead childhood friend. Is the spirit a hallucination or a foreshadowing of something worse to come? It is up to Dan Tsang, a young police detective to solve the mystery and save Nora before it is too late! After witnessing his wife's brutal murder, Daniel Shergold makes the ultimate sacrifice and accepts the help of a dark and mysterious stranger in order to reap vengeance on those responsible. The military's attempt to shoot down an orbiting satellite unleashes a space-borne epidemic on a remote, small town. Deputy Max Brody and his girlfriend Brooke must battle their way through an army of infected townsfolk and soldiers as they struggle to save themselves and their loved ones from a horrible, early death. When cannibalism is contagious, will even the strong survive? Matt Miller has spent his entire life living in the shadows of his brother. He believes if his brother were to disappear then so would all his problems. So one deadly night Matt decides to take matters into his own hands. Fifteen years after murdering his sister on Halloween Night 1963, Michael Myers escapes from a mental hospital and returns to the small town of Haddonfield, Illinois to kill again. Something is missing in Tom's life. His marriage has lost its spark, his job is suffocating him, and his childhood best friend Dan still clings to the past. Every day he goes through the motions, becoming increasingly detached from those around him. Dan has the solution... something Tom's got to see to believe... tonight. What Dan shows him leaves Tom unsettled, flooding his mind with disturbing images, and binding the two friends together with its ugly secret. Northern Ireland's first feature-length crime anthology, Noirland, has a Pulp Fiction-style structure. Three stories are woven together as the murder of a female student is investigated. A group of survivors trapped in a New York apartment fight to stay alive against legions of zombies. Since their discovery in 1947, the Dead Sea Scrolls have proven to be among the most important finds ever, informing mankind of its origins and, since they hold a 2,000-year-old incarnation of the Bible, charting religious and sociological history. Learn how archaeologists found them and how the entire world reacted to their discovery, and watch a reenactment that purports to trace just how the documents ended up where they did. After a series of murders occur, two vampire hunters and some FBI agents hunt down the empress vampire who caused the mayhem. Torn by years in an abusive marriage, an emotional Ellie Rose arrives alone at the family cabin on the East Coast. Her story and motives for being there are unclear. Arriving unprepared and packed with few supplies she seems anxious at either leaving or someone else arriving. The cabin unused for years, still holds memories providing hints of a shattered family. Three young conspiracy theorists attempt to uncover the mysteries of Area 51, the government's secret location rumored to have hosted encounters with alien beings. What they find at this hidden facility exposes unimaginable secrets. A man with a dark past hitches a ride that turns into a road trip to hell and leads him to the revelation of a family secret of biblical proportions. A fugitive, an empty house, a rotting corpse. The journey begins. Cameron Matthews, a petty criminal and fugitive from the law, hides from police by taking shelter in an old dilapidated house in the middle of the city. There he discovers the rotting corpse of Bart Giordano, the owner of the house, whose death has gone unnoticed by friends and family for years. Though separated by death, the two men form an unlikely spiritual connection and help each other rebuild broken relationships in their personal lives. In a highly secured vault deep within the walls of Vatican City, the Catholic Church holds thousands of old films and video footage documenting exorcisms/supposed exorcisms and other unexplained religious phenomena they feel the world is not ready to see. This is the first tape - Case 83-G - stolen from these archives and exposed to the public by an anonymous source. No overview found. Meet the Antichrist. He's been kidnapped by a group of women who've mistaken him for someone else, and now they're about to find out exactly who they're messing with. One by one the women become possessed by demonic forces and turn on each other. As the bodies begin to pile up, the girls fight for their lives and to save mankind against the Prince of Evil. Hell Fire is a blood soaked, action packed tale of revenge, murder, satanic evil and demonic possession. Two mysterious women seek refuge in a run-down coastal resort. Clara meets lonely Noel, who provides shelter in his deserted guesthouse, Byzantium. Schoolgirl Eleanor befriends Frank and tells him their lethal secret--they were born 200 years ago and survive on human blood. As knowledge of their secret spreads, their past catches up on them with deathly consequences. In New York City, Clary Fray, a seemingly ordinary teenager, learns that she is descended from a line of Shadowhunters -- half-angel warriors who protect humanity from evil forces. After her mother disappears, Clary joins forces with a group of Shadowhunters and enters Downworld, an alternate realm filled with demons, vampires, and a host of other creatures. Clary and her companions must find and protect an ancient cup that holds the key to her mother's future. Two androgynous creatures embark on a psychotronic journey of self-discovery in a cruel, unusual, mostly male world in this dark comedy about two gay androids abandoned in a New Jersey suburb inhabited by God, the devil, and other lowlifes. Students on a camping trip discover something sinister is lurking beyond the trees. A woman uncovers sinister secrets while investigating the apparent suicide of her sister. The modern-day story focuses on two beautiful young vampires who are living the good nightlife in New York until love enters the picture and each has to make a choice that will jeopardize their immortality. Brilliant and wealthy Dr. Andrew Casey is a serial killer who goes by the name 'The Chef'. One night eleven years ago his wife found out. He was arrested and imprisoned at Marathon County Asylum for the criminally insane. Eleven years pass and he is released, completely rehabilitated and moves to Los Angeles under the alias Mr. Jack Conway. Yuppie and former teacher, Johnathon Poe, a descendant of the famed writer Edgar Allan Poe and a brilliant writer in his own right is about to form a bond with the chef as the great doctor begins his spree of killings and cannibalism again. A newly produced, feature-length documentary by filmmaker Daniel Griffith, featuring interviews with John Landis, David Naughton, Joe Dante and more The Seasoning House - where young girls are prostituted to the military. An orphaned deaf mute is enslaved to care for them. She moves between the walls and crawlspaces, planning her escape. Planning her ingenious and brutal revenge. An obliviously modern college student gets into a near-fatal bus accident, but is reborn through hybrid technology by her biotech father and his advanced lab. A babysitting uncle tells his charges three horror stories--about a killer witch, Little Red Riding Hood and a werewolf, and a story about "Goldi Lox" and the three bears. Atom is an amazing zombie killer, has a horny girlfriend...and is the best bowler in the league! But don't tell that to Dario and the Slashers, the evil bowling rivals who will stop at nothing to thwart Atom and his buddies. When all of his problems come to a head, Atom must battle his worst nightmare--ZOMBIES! May the bloodbath begin! let's ROCK and BOWL in this outrageous horror comedy! When a young woman takes a trip down Rogue River, her car mysteriously disappears. Lost without transport or communication, she accepts the hospitality of a stranger who offers her shelter for the night at his cabin. With no other options available, she reluctantly accepts only to forever regret it. The ensuing hours yield nothing but torture, indescribable pain, and horrific agony. If you've seen Misery, you've seen nothing. This movie starts where horror films end and leaves viewers paralysed by fear and disgust. In Italy, a woman becomes involved in a series of unauthorized exorcisms during her mission to discover what happened to her mother, who allegedly murdered three people during her own exorcism. A couple of college students decide to sign up for pharmaceutical testing of a new allergy drug to make some extra cash for their spring break trip. They quickly discover their two week stay will not be as easy as they first believed and fight to save themselves from the grips of the facility. From the beginning, stories of angels and men have captured our imaginations and have been etched into our history crossing all boundaries of culture, religion, and time. These two races have dominated the landscape of modern mythology for countless centuries, almost washing away the evidence that a third ever existed. This third race, born of smokeless fire, was called the jinn. Similar to humans in many ways, the jinn lived invisibly among us and only under dire or unusual circumstances were our paths ever meant to cross. A fatal plane crash changes the lives of Roman and Jake forever. Roman loses his wife and daughter in the accident, while Jake loses his mind--as he happens to be the air traffic controller who failed to avert the nightmare. Rage and revenge engulfs Roman and Jake finds himself swamped with guilt and regret. An insane therapist entangles a suburban novelist in a web of hypnosis, drugs, kidnapping, depravity and murder. A young couple awakens a terrible force when they attempt to socialize their reclusive neighbor. When son, Billy, becomes a zombie the family chooses to take care of him in the home much to the chagrin of the neighbors and the local crime boss. A mentally unhinged factory worker must decide whether to listen to his talking cat and become a killer, or follow his dog's advice to keep striving for normalcy. Every 40 seconds a person goes missing. In northern Idaho, a group of teenage girls attended a summer camp to help them connect with nature without technology. They were told it would be a summer of change. As the girls' houseboat is suddenly stranded in the middle of the river an odd couple comes to their aid. What was suppose to be an act of kindness turns deadly as the girls find themselves on the run, being pursued through the forest by a brutal and determined killer. Three unique horror stories connected by a bookend story tells of the horrifying past a young couples potential dream house has endured. Ten people arrive at a secluded mountain resort to find it completely deserted. With no gas for the return trip, the visitors are forced to stay and investigate the mystery surrounding the abandoned lodge. A young woman learns that she has inherited a Texas estate from her deceased grandmother. After embarking on a road trip with friends to uncover her roots, she finds she is the sole owner of a lavish, isolated Victorian mansion. But her newfound wealth comes at a price as she stumbles upon a horror that awaits her in the mansion's dank cellars. A featurette on L. Frank Baum, author of The Wonderful Wizard of Oz and other children's books. A strict father loosens up enough to let his children take a day off school for a trip to the countryside. But things turn darker when the family realize he is planning to make it their last outing ever. Massachusetts, 1892. An unmarried woman of 32 and a social outcast, Lizzie lives a claustrophobic life under her father's cold and domineering control. When Bridget Sullivan, a young maid, comes to work for the family, Lizzie finds a sympathetic, kindred spirit, and a secret intimacy soon blossoms into a wicked plan. A mother and daughter move to a new town and find themselves living next door to a house where a young girl murdered her parents. When the daughter befriends the surviving son, she learns the story is far from over. After a zombie becomes involved with the girlfriend of one of his victims, their romance sets in motion a sequence of events that might transform the entire lifeless world. In October 2009, the filmmakers went into an abandoned psychiatric hospital to explore the 'haunted' institution, famous for its radical treatment of patients with mental illness. Electroshock, insulin therapy, and lobotomies were commonplace. Once inside, the filmmakers quickly discovered that they were not alone. A terrifying story of six members of an evangelical Christian group who have been abducted in rural Kansas. A New Jersey guy dedicated to his family, friends, and church, develops unrealistic expectations from watching porn and works to find happiness and intimacy with his potential true love. The story follows a young lawyer, Arthur Kipps, who is ordered to travel to a remote village and sort out a recently deceased client's papers. As he works alone in the client's isolated house, Kipps begins to uncover tragic secrets, his unease growing when he glimpses a mysterious woman dressed only in black. Receiving only silence from the locals, Kipps is forced to uncover the true identity of the Woman in Black on his own, leading to a desperate race against time when he discovers her true identity. Criminal psychologist Kate Fuller is assigned to the murder of a man who has seemingly been strangled in his sleep by his wife and the only witness is their eight-year-old daughter, Sophie. As Kate digs into the mystery of an ancient demon which kills people in their sleep, she experiences the same petrifying symptoms as all previous victims and spirals through a chilling nightmare to save herself and Sophie before she dares fall asleep again. Two brothers intercept 911 calls in their Father's beat up old Ambulance to exact revenge on a group of careless teen drivers. After leaving their company Christmas Party together, David Hargrove and Emily Brandt's impromptu first date takes an unexpected turn when their coworker, Corey, asks them to make a late-night stop at an ATM.  What should be a routine transaction turns into a desperate struggle for survival when an unknown man appears outside the vestibule.  With the wintry temperatures dipping below freezing, and the morning sunrise still hours away, they have no choice but to play the man's deadly game of cat-and-mouse. Two families go to an open house and can't leave Set in a post apocalyptic world where vampires named for Greek gods, and witches rule. It is a classic vampire story with some real twists: The plot centers around a male vampire named Eros who falls in love with a human named Samuel. Eros wants to "save" Samuel and make him a vampire, but Eros evil vampire lover, Dionysus has other ideas. Matters are complicated by Eros' sister/lover, Persephone, an ambiguous Bookkeeper and three witches, who know secrets of the universe and The Laws Of Eternity.A deep tale of decadence,erotica and Major stylized horror themes,shot around surreal and post apocalyptic sets on one hand and lavish,dark Gothic atmospheres on the other. President Lincoln's mother is killed by a supernatural creature, which fuels his passion to crush vampires and their slave-owning helpers. A decent but troubled young man is sent to a psychiatric institution for the criminally insane and soon finds himself in a fight for his life battling ghosts inside his head and very real enemies all around him. Five years after a zombie outbreak, the men and women of R-Division hunt down and destroy the undead. When they see signs of a second outbreak, they fear humanity may not survive. Ann, a reclusive elegant lady, with an obsession for butterflies, is befriended by the eerily beautiful young Alice. Using her seductive innocence, Alice establishes a disturbing mother daughter relationship with Ann. Lured into her twisted world, Ann soon discovers that she is not the only recipient of the girl's affections. Confronted by Alice's other lady friends, Ann's shock awakens a dark, hidden past, unchaining a spiral of madness: a series of brutal and bizarre crimes that Ann will have to commit to preserve her harmless and deceptive appearances. The only one who recognizes there's something unsettling about Ann, is nine year old Julie, her next door neighbour's daughter. With the inevitable curiosity of a child, Julie begins to explore the corners of Ann's apartment, discovering a dark secret hidden in the walls of the forbidden butterfly room. No one believes what she's seen except for Ann's daughter. Horrified, she realises that the fate of the young girl lies in her hands. Dora, a girl who has spent most of her life exploring the jungle with her parents, now must navigate her most dangerous adventure yet: high school. Always the explorer, Dora quickly finds herself leading Boots (her best friend, a monkey), Diego, and a rag tag group of teens on an adventure to save her parents and solve the impossible mystery behind a lost Inca civilization. When college students sign up for what seems a simple paid research study, they soon realize their lives are in danger. Unfortunately they've unknowingly volunteered their bodies as human collateral in an ongoing U.S. Military experiment. A blood virus infects a small group of hunters turning a father and son trip into a fight for survival. A group of friends decide to spend their last summer together by taking a trip to the rural camping destination "Black Hills". Once there, they find themselves in the middle of a deadly quarrel with a local family. Her husband's health suddenly devastated by a terminal bone disease, a desperate young woman finds her search for alternative treatment leading to unexpectedly grave consequences. B-movie legend, actress Debbie Wilkins, has just been replaced by a 23 yr old scream queen in her lovers bed. More importantly she's been left out of her lovers new film. Debbie doesn't take rejection well. Detectives use clues from various recording devices to piece together events surrounding a massacre involving bus passengers at an abandoned gas station. "Locked in a Room" is a story about three teenagers that are trapped in three separate rooms. They are monitored and watched by a masked man who takes notes on paper as to their every move and emotion. They are further tormented by an eerie voice of someone outside of the room. Throughout, they use their minds to try to think as to why they are there. As time elapses the stakes and chances for survival are slim, but the question remains: who is behind this - the end reveals a startling answer. 3 friends gather together to throw an old fashion Slumber Party like they did in the old days. They begin to tell each other scary stories to liven up the fun. But the fun is leading to something a bit more sinister. Six best friends decide to make an impulse trip to Las Vegas in hopes of mending Santi and Annie's dying relationship. When Clive decides to stage a breakdown so Santi can "save the day", ... Citadel tells the story of widower and single father Tommy Cowley, a man inflicted with chronic agoraphobia since the day his wife was attacked. He was unable to protect her. He lives in Edenstown, the council estate from hell. Here he finds himself terrorized by a gang of syringe wielding feral children, who are intent on taking his baby daughter. With the help of a kind Nurse and a renegade Priest, Tommy learns the nightmarish truth surrounding these hooded children. He also learns that to be free of his fears, he must finally face the demons of his past and enter the one place he fears the most - The abandoned Tower block known as the Citadel When a close friend goes missing, Gage, a tattoo artist moonlighting as a serial killer, must hunt a second killer he fears may have had something to do with his mother's death 25 years ago. They don't come in peace. Detectives in a remote town pore through every frame of a troubling tape to find the whereabouts of three missing college students. The chilling footage becomes more and more disturbing when the students come upon the bloody dress of an 8-year-old girl in the secluded wilderness and take it upon themselves to find her. Linking the case of the missing girl and the missing students together, the detectives race to piece enough information together to find them alive. A bus drives 5 young couples to an old castle in an unknown location. They have responded to an advert looking for people to take part in a 30-day medical trial. The company running the experiment, led by the co-ordinator, explains there will be no contact with the outside world. The group are free to leave at any time, but if they do, they will forfeit their fee: PS20,000 per couple.  Mysterious, unexplained events occur around the castle and strange noises are heard in the middle of the night. At first the group are skeptical - they think the company is creating the illusion of a "haunting" to test their reactions, until it is revealed there is something more sinister involved. After the death of her husband, a penniless woman moves into the home of her Uncle. Strange things begin to occur. Is the house haunted or is it something more? Edgar Allan Poe. For nearly two hundred years his stories of the macabre have shocked and terrified audiences. And now, inspired by five of Poe's most terrifying tales, five filmmakers have banded together to create the ultimate tribute to the master: Edgar Allan Poe's Requiem For The Damned - featuring adaptations of : The Fall of the House of Usher, The Pit and the Pendulum, The Black Cat, The Tell-Tale Heart, The Murders in the Rue Morgue. Angela Vidal, the young television reporter who entered the building with the firemen, manages to make it out alive. But what the soldiers don't know is that she carries the seed of the strange infection. She is to be taken to a provisional quarantine facility, a high-security installation where she will have to stay in isolation for several days. An old oil tanker, miles off shore and surrounded by water on all sides, has been especially equipped for the quarantine. The action now takes place miles away from the original location and partly in broad daylight, giving the film an entirely fresh yet disturbing new reality. The infection has left the building. In a clever twist that draws together the plots of the first two movies, this third part of the saga also works as a decoder to uncover information hidden in the first two films and leaves the door open for the final installment, the future '[REC] 4 Apocalypse.' Maxwell Bastas is consumed by anger it starts to consume his soul until he realizes he is grappling with demons. Evan values family above all else, and anyone who gets between him, his wife, and newborn son learns that the hard way. But when it comes to violent tendencies, it seems the apple doesn't fall far from the tree. It has been over one year since the start of the outbreak. Our society has collapsed and the world has descended into chaos. Elvis and Tweeter are two of the last people left alive, and band together to flee the United States for a remote island somewhere in the Caribbean. On the island, they find a new community struggling to hold out against an army of corpses. They can join this band of survivors-- but only if they can do what must be done for the good of the group. A group of volunteers find themselves fighting for their lives when a drug trial goes horribly wrong. The story of a broken family striving to stay together while a curse and the ghosts of a haunted house try to tear them apart. When her child goes missing, a mother looks to unravel the legend of the Tall Man, an entity who allegedly abducts children. In a world without government, the surviving Unisols maintain order and choose the strongest of their ranks to rule, testing them in life-or-death combat. Wendy, her husband Dan and their kids have just moved to the small town of Stull, Kansas, where Dan is the new pastor. But in this sleepy community of friendly neighbors, a horrific series of occurrences awaits them: Their teenage daughter is being tormented by grisly visions. Her younger sister has been marked for a depraved ritual. And deep within the heartland darkness, one of The Seven Gates of Hell demands the blood of the innocent to unleash the creatures of the damned. A twisted suspense thriller about a manipulative teenage girl who convinces her widower/alcoholic/over protective father that the boy she asked out on a date beat and raped her, when in fact he turned down her advances. But no amount of facts can persuade this enraged father. No one hurts Daddy's Girl. A Marine Biologist is assigned to investigate the mysterious deaths of marine life in an inland salt water lake that have been attributed to a creature thought to have been the stuff of legend. In 1977 a group of young, horny, out of control Christians are spending a fun filled weekend at the mountain lakeside Happy Day Bible Camp. One by one these youthful sinners pay a BLOODY penance for their misdeeds. Flash forward 7 years, when another youth group of Bible toters return, lead by "Father Richard Cummings" (Reggie Bannister), "Sister Mary Chopper," (Tim Sullivan) goes bloody murder after the camp - emphasis on CAMP - with stand out performances by folks like Gigi Bannister, Jessica Sonneborn, Troy Guthrie, Deborah Venegas, Jay Fields, and Jeff Dylan Graham. In the end, Bannister and Troup must face down the a transvestite serial killing nun in a fight to the death, and call upon the higher graces of the infamous Ron Jeremy as "Jesus" guide them through! A hilarious campy equal opportunity offensive film that will have you DIE laughing! A woman and her childhood friend seek out revenge on those who victimized and abused them. 13-year-old Jimmy Morgan is possessed by an evil too powerful to be exorcised by any religion. After escaping from a mental institution, Jimmy is back with a vengeance - and an army of children who follow his every murderous desire. Alex is the film student forced by his college professor to stop making Jackie Chan "homage" films and make "something from the heart" in order to graduate. Lars is the painting student and Alex's roommate who is looking for a way to become a tortured artist... as long as he can keep his BMW and American Express Gold Card. Together, they meet Blue, who has recently moved into their apartment building. After discovering that she's a "hit woman," Alex appeals to her senses as a film fan and persuades her to let him film a documentary on her last "hit." As Alex becomes increasingly blinded by his obsession with capturing his documentary he risks everything and everyone, by convincing Blue to travel to New Orleans to find her foster father. Will they get back to LA in one piece... or will they become... Road Kill? A young girl relates what happened during her first LSD trip, when - among other things - her food began talking to her. A group of teens sneak out of their high school dance to cruise around and have some unsupervised fun. When their car runs out of gas on a deserted road, they discover an old farmhouse and the cannibal killer living inside. A platoon of eagles and vultures attack Hollywood, California. Why did the eagles and vultures attack? Who will survive? A Reader becomes trapped in an evolving autobiography of an executed killer. When a group of young people camping in the ruins of a medieval Turkish town play a party game called 'Murder in the Dark', they soon discover that someone is taking the game too far...Produced in an experimental shooting style, this murder-mystery features a cast of actors who were not allowed to see the script. The actors' choices interactively changed the shape of the story. They had to use clues to solve the mystery laid out before them by the filmmakers. Caesar and Otto are employed with Xmas Enterprises and have run into a little problem. It seems a disgruntled Santa (employee) has a new list this year...instead of checking who's Naughty or Nice...he has Who's Next on the Kill List. That's right Santa is on a Killing Spree and looks to blame Caesar and Otto! While digging into their town's infamous past, a group of high school students unwittingly unlock an even darker secret. Now, an evil spirit has been awakened and will stop at nothing to find his true heir. Seventeen years ago, Mike kills a new mother of twin girls and took the babies to a house in the woods, claiming them as his own to appease his wife's desire for kids. 10 years later Stacy flees to her uncle's old secluded cabin in those same woods to escape her abusive boyfriend. There she is haunted by the ghosts of the little girls crying for their mother. It's Halloween, and an elementary school teacher is being stalked by a mysterious caller. Meanwhile, sexy DJ Roxy Richards is making her scariest broadcast yet - but she may not realize how scary things are going to get when an old friend calls in... A micro-budget movie crew treks into the wilderness to shoot horror scenes for their unsellable indie-drama. They soon find themselves in the midst of their own real horror movie, as they are hunted by a large group of creatures. A teenager goes to the foothills of the Andes to deal with his phobias. A team consisting of a physicist, his wife, a young female psychic and the only survivor of the previous visit are sent to the notorious Hell House to prove/disprove survival after death. Previous visitors have either been killed or gone mad, and it is up to the team to survive a full week in isolation, and solve the mystery of the Hell House. A clueless, flamboyant college kid discovers that the soul of a great vampire king resides within him. Now he must choose between his friends and his destiny. Siblings Monroe (Monroe Mann) and Hilary (Crystal Arnette) have discovered that they have inherited a lake house and to make things even better, the famous horror author Stephen King is rumoured to live somewhere nearby. They decide to take their friends down to the lake house to check things out, only to find immediate resistance from all of the locals, who insist that King doesn't live in the area. Despite being completely unwelcome, they decide to stay and soon find that people are being killed one by one in a manner similar to several deaths in various Stephen King stories. Mortimer Clark, a forensic pathologist finds himself autopsying yet another teenage girl's body ravaged and torn by a large canine. The girls all have been slain on the full moon. A werewolf though? That's ridiculous. But the next full moon is drawing near and another body is expected.  Day of the full moon: Lauren Redd, a sixteen year old girl is being forced to spend the weekend with her grandmother. Here she steps into an elaborate trap laid out by a manipulative killer. But when Lauren's finally cornered, the tables turn and the prey becomes the predator.  Now the Redd family will go to any length to protect their daughter and hide their family secret but Mortimer is quickly following the trail that leads to the horrific truth: Werewolves do exist, and they have an appetite that must be satisfied. Chaos takes over a rural town after a trio of residents accidentally conjure a zombie outbreak. Shannon Whirry stars as Carrie and Terrie, a pair of twins who were separated in youth when their father murdered their mother and was in turn killed by his own bad twin daughter. Now the sweet-natured "good" sister has grown up to marry an abusive louse. Trapped in a sexless relationship, she seeks solace with a therapist (Kristine Kelly), but her problems are about to be compounded when her wicked sister arrives in town, intent on avenging herself on her double for past wrongs. Even the help of a private detective on her side may not be enough when her sister becomes allied with her own husband. In a small Florida town, the inhabitants are mysteriously disappearing. A hard core biker arrives in search of his missing daughter. He learns that a malignant force from another dimension,.. Phyliss McGee was a wicked woman when she was alive, but now that she's dead, she is far worse. Geno, the grandson of Phyliss, is reunited with his family after her death, but soon discovers that there's something wrong -- what appears to be the dead grandmother is going around with a meat cleaver in hand and butchering family members! Forced to cover it as a journalist, Geno gets too close and soon finds out what his family has been hiding for years... he discovers the FAMILY SECRET! After a strange meteor destroys a communications satellite and crashes into Tampa Bay, a sickly looking fish finds itself the meal of a beautiful nightclub bartender named Val. Moments later, as the bar is closed and locked tight, the infected Val becomes ill and all Hell breaks loose. Hidden from the others, the parasite she has unknowingly eaten rapidly grows, bursting from her throat and becoming the puppet master for the chaos ahead. With no possible way to reach help or escape, the trapped club-goers must fight to survive and plan to destroy the creature before it is let loose into the world. Part period melodrama, part film noir, part 50s road movie "JOSHUA TREE, 1951" is a portrait of screen legend and outsider icon James Dean as you have never seen him before. During the shooting of Reinart Kiil's feature film 'Hora' (in English "The Whore") a lot of mysterious things happened on set. This is the story that should have been told. On the last day of the first manned mission to Mars, a crew member of Tantalus Base believes he has made an astounding discovery - fossilized evidence of bacterial life. Unwilling to let the relief crew claims all the glory, he disobeys orders to pack up and goes out on an unauthorized expedition to collect further samples. But a routine excavation turns to disaster when the porous ground collapses and he falls into a deep crevice and near certain death. His devastated colleagues attempt to recover his body. However, when another vanishes, they start to suspect that the life-form they have discovered is not without danger. Two million fish washed ashore. One thousand blackbirds dropped from the sky. On July 4, 2009 a deadly menace swept through the quaint seaside town of Claridge, Maryland, but the harrowing story of what happened that Independence Day has never been told--until now. The authorities believed they had buried the truth about the tragedy that claimed over 700 human lives. Now, three years later, a reporter has emerged with footage revealing the cover-up and an unimaginable killer: a mysterious parasitic outbreak. Told from the perspective of those who were there and saw what happened, The Bay unfolds over 24 hours through people's iPhones, Androids, 911 calls, webcams, and whatever else could be used to document the nightmare in Claridge. What follows is a nerve-shredding tale of a small town plunged into absolute terror. After the events at Lake Victoria, the prehistoric school of blood-thirsty piranhas make their way into swimming pools, plumbing, and a newly opened water park. A clan of watermen capture a crew of sport fishermen who must then fight for their lives. A shy high schooler struggles to lose his virginity before the local Satanic cult can sacrifice him to the devil. Plot not eligible, described as an Arthur creepypasta mock short. Christmas Eve. On his way to his in-laws with his family, Frank Harrington decides to try a shortcut, for the first time in 20 years. It turns out to be the biggest mistake of his life. After losing her mother in a tragic accident, Beckett Warner realizes that her troubles may be far worse--her school is run by a coven of beautiful women who perpetuate their youth by drinking the blood of virgins. Detective Mark Corley storms his way onto an alien spaceship to rescue his estranged son. When the ship crashes in Southeast Asia, he forges an alliance with a band of survivors to take back the planet once and for all. A woman wakes up every day, remembering nothing as a result of a traumatic accident in her past. One day, new terrifying truths emerge that force her to question everyone around her. The Lashman is an independent film written &amp; directed by Cameron McCasland For the first time in 35 years, Daniel Lutz recounts his version of the infamous Amityville haunting that terrified his family in 1975. George and Kathleen Lutz's story went on to inspire a best-selling novel and the subsequent films have continued to fascinate audiences today. This documentary reveals the horror behind growing up as part of a world famous haunting and while Daniel's facts may be other's fiction, the psychological scars he carries are indisputable. Documentary filmmaker, Eric Walter, has combined years of independent research into the Amityville case along with the perspectives of past investigative reporters and eyewitnesses, giving way to the most personal testimony of the subject to date. Three scouts and lifelong friends join forces with one badass cocktail waitress to become the world's most unlikely team of heroes.  When their peaceful town is ravaged by a zombie invasion, they'll fight for the badge of a lifetime and put their scouting skills to the test to save mankind from the undead. Michael Wolffsen (Tyler Mane) receives an urgent phone call and takes his nephew and fiancee and makes the journey home to his only other living relative: his estranged, eccentric (and extremely paranoid) father, Gary (Muse Watson), who is obsessed with building an unassailable compound. Once they arrive at Gary's modest home, surrounded by acres and acres of grounds full of cameras and other security sensors, Michael is surprised and concerned to learn that his father is in the early stages of dementia.  The house is now also covered in supernatural and occult symbols. Welcome to the compound, COMPOUND FRACTURE. Will the stronghold that was designed to save them be their everlasting tomb? A Civil War ghost story with a modern twist. The City of Salem, Massachusetts is visited by a coven of ancient witches. Russian Winter is a terrible thing... especially if it arrives in mid-July. Out amidst the icy storm, something raises its hideous head - a Russian zombie - senseless and merciless. When Ghost Shark returns to terrorize Auckland, Mayor Broody calls in an expert ghost shark hunter to protect the citizens and finally defeat the creature. When aspiring model Jesse moves to Los Angeles, her youth and vitality are devoured by a group of beauty-obsessed women who will take any means necessary to get what she has.  When flaky novelist Mario turns up one day at the school where Daniel teaches, the educator is convinced the writer is a spirit from his repressed past, buried deep in his subconscious. As children, the two might almost have been brothers. But the marriage between Daniel's father and Mario's mother never materialised. This unexpected re-encounter brings both families together. When Mario slits his wrists and dies, Daniel and his wife Laura provide a home for the dead man's daughter. Laura, who is childless, loves the girl from the moment they meet, but Daniel feels increasingly nervous around her. The demons of his past guilt continue to torment him. Daniel suffers agonies - until things come to a head during a show down in the mountains. A short horror in which a nine-year-old boy kills his parents. The role of supernatural forces becomes apparent as the dark plot of this cleverly crafted narrative unfolds. A single mother and her mute, autistic son are terrorized by supernatural entities in this haunting story of love, loss and the occult. The Woods in Marion N.Y. have a past. Hunters report unusual activity, hikers describe chilling experiences , parents warn their children to avoid the woods, and the lucky few who survive the woods alone have all gone insane. When a young girl does not heed her parents warning, she goes missing in the woods. Three friends decide to document their search for the truth. What they witness can't be explained. In the end only one is left wandering Awake In The Woods! When a disgraced architect awakens from a coma, he is confronted by an agent of evil with a proposition; kill five people to reconcile his life's misdeeds and live, or decline the offer and die. As he proceeds with his grim assignment and begins collecting the fifth and final soul, he learns that his pact may have eternally horrifying consequences... A gut-wrenching, non-stop roller coaster ride through the hellish underbelly of inner-city America. A birthday celebration at an upscale restaurant sets in motion events that bring Sissy, her brother, Mikey, and friends, Kenny and Barbie, face to face with the macabre world of the Boneboys. Inspired by Jonathan Swift's cannibalistic tale A Modest Proposal, the Boneboys are international predators who deal in human flesh - dead or alive. Their hunting grounds are the cities of the world. Sean Reynolds, a highly acclaimed investigative journalist (who strongly believed in paranormal phenomena), destroyed his career when the most watched episode of his reality show, based on paranormal phenomena, turned out to be a hoax. Sean saw a news report on a "Bigfoot Hunter" (Carl Drybeck) who claimed to possess the body of a dead Sasquatch. He believes Drybeck is a phony and decides to create a new show that reveals people's paranormal claims as hoaxes. Sean assembles his old film crew and heads to Northern California's "Lost Coast" to meet with and interview Drybeck. Obsessed, Sean is staking his comeback, his life and the lives of his documentary film crew on proving Drybeck's claim to be a hoax. Yorkshire, 1974, the Maynard family moves into their dream house. It's a dream that quickly descends into a panic stricken nightmare as the family discovers a horrifying truth, a truth that will make the history books. The house is already occupied by the most violent poltergeist ever documented, a poltergeist that will tear you from your bed as you sleep and drag you helplessly into the darkness. 17-year old Eli moves with his family to the isolated farm of reclusive Waylon, a man whose dark past threatens to overtake him. Eli's family works to restore the desolate fields, while he becomes fascinated with the forests. While on the farm, Eli meets the mysterious Amanda when she gives him an apple. The next day she extracts a promise from him to avoid the deep woods. Reeling from a violent encounter with his father, one night he breaks this promise and finds her body hanging from a tree. fter killing the owner of a B-rated strip club, Burt, an indulgent vampire with a zest for life hides out (and dopes up) at an upscale drug den, until the strippers seeking revenge...and ... A twenty something has a psychotic break while quitting smoking. Two investigators of paranormal hoaxes, the veteran Dr. Margaret Matheson and her young assistant, Tom Buckley, study the most varied metaphysical phenomena with the aim of proving their fraudulent origins. Simon Silver, a legendary blind psychic, reappears after an enigmatic absence of 30 years to become the greatest international challenge to both orthodox science and professional sceptics. Tom starts to develop an intense obsession with Silver, whose magnetism becomes stronger with each new manifestation of inexplicable events. As Tom gets closer to Silver, tension mounts, and his worldview is threatened to its core. Arkin escapes with his life from the vicious grips of "The Collector" during an entrapment party where he adds beautiful Elena to his "Collection." Instead of recovering from the trauma, Arkin is suddenly abducted from the hospital by mercenaries hired by Elena's wealthy father. Arkin is blackmailed to team up with the mercenaries and track down The Collector's booby trapped warehouse and save Elena. U.S. federal agent Leon S. Kennedy sneaks into the "East Slavic Republic" to verify rumors that Bio-Organic Weapons (BOWs) are being used in the country's civil war, which the U.S. and Russia are making preparations to jointly intervene in. Right after his infiltration, the U.S. government orders him to leave immediately. Determined to uncover the truth, Leon ignores the order and enters the battlefield to end the chain of tragedies caused by the BOWs. Al Roberts, a New York nightclub pianist, hitch-hikes to Hollywood to meet his girlfriend Sue. The gambler he's riding with, Charles, unexpectedly dies. Afraid the police wouldn't believe the truth, Al takes the man's identity. In a gas station, he gives a lift to Vera, a woman that knew Charles and blackmails Al with tragic consequences. When Dracula leaves the captive Jonathan Harker and Transylvania for London in search of Mina Harker--the reincarnation of Dracula's long-dead wife, Elisabeta--obsessed vampire hunter Dr. Van Helsing sets out to end the madness. A family of Estrie hunters, unite with a demon hunter to destroy a union of dark cults and their demonic companions. A London detective tracking a serial killer finds the killers "truth or die" methods take him to New York to solve the case. The film concentrates on the camaraderie and the divisions between the troops as they ready for the big offensive. Told in a taut narrative, the men of the 101st, led by Van Johnson, wait out the winter in the Ardennes forest to confront the German army in what would be the last major offensive of World War II. The men are demoralized and trapped, with no hope of support from the Allies. After years of performing "exorcisms" and taking believers' money, Reverend Marcus travels to rural Louisiana with a film crew so he can dispel what he believes is the myth of demonic possession. The dynamic reverend is certain that this will be another routine "exorcism" on a disturbed religious fanatic but instead comes upon the blood-soaked farm of the Sweetzer family and a true evil he would have never thought imaginable. Henry Long desperately seeks a cure for the condition that leaves him unable to feel physical pain. A couple who have just moved into a new home to consummate their relationship, find peril around every corner due to an evil presence that haunts them whenever they attempt to be intimate. Three people driving into Los Angeles for a Dodgers game have car trouble and pull off into an old wrecking yard where they are held at bay by a bloodthirsty psycho and his crazy girlfriend. In this sequel, two juvenile detention officers must escort a group of criminally-inclined urban kids to the country where they are being forced to renovate a shelter for teens as punishment for their crimes. After one of them is shot by a local, the survivors seek refuge in the home of a voodoo woman, where they mistakenly summon legendary clown-faced demon Killjoy who begins hunting them down one by one.  Young Emily Walton, who has suffered from psychosomatic blindness ever since the car accident that took her mother's life, must summon every instinct at her disposal to protect herself and her loved ones from a mysterious intruder A gang of ruthless highway killers kidnap a wealthy couple traveling cross country only to shockingly discover that things are not what they seem. Four friends head to Vegas for a 21st birthday in hopes of finding adventure, debauchery and memories that will last them a lifetime. The son of a fundamentalist pastor becomes addicted to an irresistible witch. If he gives in to his temptation, he will be doomed to eternal life on the dark side. Inspired by Carmilla, the seminal 19th Century vampire tale by Sheridan LeFanu, STYRIA plunges the viewer into a haunted world of fantasy and obsession. In 1989, Lara Hill (Eleanor Tomlinson), accompanies her art historian father (Stephen Rea) to an abandoned castle across the Iron Curtain. From a car crash outside of the castle, emerges the beautiful and mysterious Carmilla. Lara secrets Carmilla into the castle and the two are drawn into an intoxicating relationship. But when Carmilla mysteriously disappears, and women of the town begin committing suicide, Lara's psychic wounds erupt into a living nightmare that consumes the entire town of Styria. A radio talk show host unravels a conspiracy about encounters with mysterious beings known as The Shadow People and their role in the unexplained deaths of several hundred victims in the 1980s. Aliens with a ravenous appetite for summertime campers descend upon a campground. In a California desert town, a short-order cook with clairvoyant abilities encounters a mysterious man with a link to dark, threatening forces. Desperate to put the traumatic loss of their infant child behind them, newlywed couple Khalid and Salama return to their home in the United Arab Emirates. Unknown to the couple, their new luxury apartment block, Al Hamra, was built on the site of an old abandoned fishing village of the same name. Legend has it the village was abandoned after manevolant beings haunted its inhabitants. Unsettled by her new surroundings and the eerie hallways of Al Hamra, Khalid worries his wife is failing to battle her personal demons - but could it be something far more sinister? A group of college students escape their troubled lives but only to find themselves fighting for their lives from a revenge seeking mad man. The town of Downers Grove looks like your average suburban neighborhood -- but Downers Grove has a disturbing secret.... For the past eight years, one senior from every high school graduating class has met a bizarre death right before graduation day. And this year, Chrissie Swanson has a terrible feeling that she is going to be the one to die. Can Chrissie survive the curse of Downers Grove or will she, like those seniors before her, fall prey to the town's deadly secret? A Harvard Medical School graduate takes a position at a mental institution and soon becomes obsessed with a female mental patient, but he has no idea of a recent and horrifying staffing change. Four stories that are more than just myths or fairy tales. These are urban legends with endings that are far from happy. A malicious art critic is transported into four tales of murder, monsters and mayhem. Four teenagers go looking for a legendary haunted house that gives you money back for every floor you can complete. Once finding it, they realize the house is much more terrifying than a normal Halloween attraction - the house knows each of their secrets and one by one uses them against the teens. Growing up can be a bumpy road, and it's no exception for Riley, who is uprooted from her Midwest life when her father starts a new job in San Francisco. Riley's guiding emotions-- Joy, Fear, Anger, Disgust and Sadness--live in Headquarters, the control centre inside Riley's mind, where they help advise her through everyday life and tries to keep things positive, but the emotions conflict on how best to navigate a new city, house and school. Sodium Party follows Claire through a harrowing childhood to university where she meets Danny, a frequently intoxicated photographer who exposes her to real life through a cocktail of love and drugs. Their relationship is tested when ghosts of Claire's tumultuous past manifest through super 8 home movie footage causing her world to unravel. Criminal psychologist Kate Fuller is assigned to the murder of a man who has seemingly been strangled in his sleep by his wife and the only witness is their eight-year-old daughter, Sophie. As Kate digs into the mystery of an ancient demon which kills people in their sleep, she experiences the same petrifying symptoms as all previous victims and spirals through a chilling nightmare to save herself and Sophie before she dares fall asleep again. In June of 1994, one of the most brutal mass slaughters in history occurred in the backwoods of northern New England. Four months later, history is about to repeat itself. The end of summer signals the brink of manhood for a group of lifelong friends who proudly call New Hampshire their home. But when they embark upon a local rite of passage - traveling north for one final weekend of debauchery together - it just might prove to be their final weekend PERIOD, as this rite is doomed to go frightfully wrong. When they find themselves ensnared in a struggle for survival amongst a sinister hunting party, a bloodthirsty tribe AND a mythical beast, what began as a comedy of errors devolves into an all-out Darwinian duel to the death, and less than 24 hours will pass before a slew of lives have been claimed and the last of the living remains. Mayhem and death follow when an earthquake traps a group of tourists in a Chilean town. Four friends leave NYC for Catskill Park and hear something unearthly during their camping trip. A loving father finds a clown suit for his son's birthday party, only to realize the suit is part of an evil curse that turns its wearer into a killer. A new drug promises out-of-body experiences, but users are coming back changed forever, and an otherworldly invasion of Earth is underway. Two estranged sisters are forced to rob a bank in order to save their brother. But this is no ordinary bank. It's Halloween. Time for the annual fall fair. Everyone is excited and ready to have fun. Clancy The Clown has something different in mind. Russell Carpenter reluctantly admits his wife Sadie into an experimental treatment facility for her life threatening disease. While locked in this prison like surrounding they, along with 6 others, are unknowingly subjected to a cure that might just be worse than the disease itself A couple and their young son retreat to their woodland vacation home, only to face sinister neighbors who intend to kill them and steal their identities. A teenage boy discovers the perpetrators of several brutal kidnappings in his home town. A rich woman and a calculating insurance agent plot to kill her unsuspecting husband after he signs a double indemnity policy.  Against a backdrop of distinctly Californian settings, the partners in crime plan the perfect murder to collect the insurance, which pays  double if the death is accidental. The story of Jorge, an ambitious hacker with few scruples, which is discovered to divert money from the company where he works and decides to flee. In flight, turns out to have an accident during a snowstorm and, despite being in despair, eventually finding a home. A psychiatrist involved in a radical new therapy comes under suspicion when his patients are murdered, each according to their individual phobias. Wendy Alden, a young secretary in Portland lacking in self- confidence becomes victim of a savage killer who has claimed the lives of a number of other women. Somehow Wendy finds the resources of courage to fight back and escape. The victim of an ancient Gypsy curse, a young Serbian woman's world becomes surreal and deadly. A psychopathic killer is on the loose dressed in a grim reaper robe and a skull mask. At first, the kills seem at random. But as the police investigate further, one girl seems to be the link between the killings and the victims, they start to believe she could be the killer. But many likely suspects and red herrings make a complicated case. Death strikes, Then The Night Comes. Three happy couples enjoy the holidays in a cozy secluded cabin in the woods when they are suddenly interrupted by an unprecedented event that will forever change their lives. Jocelyn hunts down the men responsible for building the perfect assassin. A young girl is wrongfully killed. The ghost exacts revenge on the guilty parties. On the night of her wedding, Brooke Porter finds herself pursued by a vicious psychopath, only to find her night grow worse from there. Horror anthology featuring nerve shattering short horror stories, that will make your bones freeze. A small town is haunted by the twin daughters of a wrongfully convicted man. Young Jordan is sent down the path to who the real killer is only to find the killer is very close to her. When nerds Dennis and Noah crash a party thrown by the local jocks and hot girls in a remote cabin, they must combat a brainy serial murderer known as the Driller Killer, who uses power tools to rid the world of idiots, one clueless teen at a time. A down to earth school psychologist tries to help a mentally ill student who actually believes his brother is coming back from the grave for revenge on the students who killed him. In the town of Dillford, humans, vampires and zombies were all living in peace - until the alien apocalypse arrived. Now three teenagers-one human, one vampire, and one zombie-have to team up to figure out how to get rid of the visitors. Tony de Guzman is an anti-hero. Life, according to him, is short, brutal. It's never on your side. Grab what you can, when you can. Settle scores. Be randy. Defy the rules. Cheat the system. Toughen it out. Tony knows nothing but tough times living, as he does, in the bleak circus of the slums he calls home. This is his story and the story of the world he lives in: a hopeless, closed-in decrepit world gone to seed. MONDOMANILA is an unflinching and unflinchingly funny look at life in the underbelly of the urban diaspora ... with songs. David O'Hara is a troubled medical student who kidnaps, rapes and murders women. He impregnates one of his victims, Melissa Daniels, in an attempt to replace the family that he lost as a young boy. However, the police rescue Melissa from David's warehouse, and David goes on a murderous rampage to get his family back. Heather is broke. She has a soul sucking job as a stripper. Her live-in girlfriend Victoria has a baby and a coke problem. Her boss Harry is an abusive maniac. Life cannot get much worse... or so she thought. Determined to get out of this living hell, Heather and her lover, Bunny, plan to rip off Harry, ditch Victoria, and leave town to live out their days on the Greek islands in peaceful bliss. One big score is all they need, and Harry gives them the opportunity when he asks them to take care of a drug deal with one of his clients at an old warehouse. Inspired by actual events, this thriller unravels the mystery of a single mother who believes a shocking family tragedy was caused by dangerously dark forces. Mitchell Goosen is sixteen/seventeen year old kid from California who loves to surf and roller blade. Yet, his parents, who are two zoologists were given a grant to work in Australia. The only problem was: Mitchell couldn't go with them. So, he gets sent to stay with his aunt, uncle, and cousin in Cincinnati, Ohio. When he arrives, he meets his cousin who is also his new roommate for the next six months: Wiley. Mitchell then goes to school and gets on the bad side the high school hockey players. Mitchell and Wiley end up enduring weeks of torture from the guys. Then, the big guys and Mitchell and Wiley have to learn to get along to try to beat the Central High School rivals in a competition down Devil's Backbone The events occur between 4:45 am and 6:15 am in the Colombian jungle. Mark, an American contractor wakes up doped, tortured and hung up by the arms next to a local prostitute that acts as interpreter whilst the kidnappers want to hack a 60 billion dollars bank account. Mark is forced to play a no-win game. Time is not on his side and the only thing missing is the password, the problem is: give it or not, Mark is meat dead Angels fall from the heavens. They then turn into Vampires. Only one man can save the world as we know it. Sick Boy stars Skye McCole Bartusiak as Lucy, a young woman who steps in for a friend to take a job babysitting a young boy confined to his room due to a mysterious illness. Lucy begins to suspect the child's mother, played by horror legend Debbie Rochon, is hiding something--the truth turns out to be far worse than she could imagine. Based on the classic works of Edgar Allan Poe, directors Bart Mastronardi &amp; Alan Rowe Kelly have assembled an award-winning cast and crew for the highly anticipated film TALES OF POE. A unique new spin on three of Poe's popular stories (The Tell Tale Heart, The Cask of Amontillado &amp; Dreams), Mastronardi &amp; Kelly weave together a compelling &amp; suspenseful anthology that will captivate Poe enthusiasts &amp; horror fans alike! A true story, Bela Kiss was one of the the most brutal serial killers, who killed 23 young women during the beginning of the first World War. The blood-drained bodies were found in metal barrels, conserved in alcohol. According to rumors, he was still seen decades later, in different parts of the world. He never was found and so the whereabouts of this man are unknown, even today. Almost a century later, five bank robbers search for a hideaway in a remote hotel, as they flee from the police. Brutal and unforeseen events take overhand and build a bridge to the past. The assumed safe house turns into a nightmare... is Bela Kiss still alive? The story of a Crack addicted prostitute named Honey. A girl who goes to a party out in the desert where she falls victim to drugs and gang rape. Spoon feeding herself crack, Honey decides to settle the score. Jason Jones is scheming, psychotic and malicious. He escapes from a mental institution where he was held for being criminally insane. Jason comes across an isolated motel on a lonely road in the area. He is ruthless to keep his identity unknown. Motel guests will confront Jason's nature and experience his insanity. On the run with the law on their trail, America's most anguished vampire family heads to England to find an ancient vampire clan. What they find instead could tear their family, and their throats, apart forever. A reality TV crew charter a boat to an island for filming, one which the boat's captain had been to before and attacked by giant shrews, more than fifty years earlier. Jamie and Christian are giving their marriage one last shot for the sake of love and their young son, Dylan. But when Christian proves unable to hold up his end, forces both within and outside their relationship will decide their future (IMDb.com). In the 1970s, a British sound technician is brought to Italy to work on the sound effects for a gruesome horror film. His nightmarish task slowly takes over his psyche, driving him to confront his own past. The creation of filmmaker Michael Emanuel, SCARY OR DIE tells five interwoven horror stories that take place in and around the "City of Angles". A flesh-eating clown desperately trying to protect the person he craves the most; a dirty cop and a hit gone wrong with a vengeful Necromancer; a beautiful but mysterious woman and a lonely man looking for love in all the wrong places; a gruesome, blood-splattered uprising of illegal Mexican zombies; and a Cajun conjurer grandfather whose gift of never-ending love goes terribly awry...SCARY OR DIE is a unique experience in horror filmmaking certain to fulfill all your twisted horror film experience needs. The video The Last Breath is the culmination of four performances under the title The Last Breath. The subject is derived from memories of two experiences of approaching death. The first was at Speakers Corner in 1967, when a speaker spoke of his immanent death. The other is derived from being the sole witness to a man burning to death in an East London park in 1998. One year ago, Agnes Rickover attended opening night at the Bates Motel and Haunted Hayride to see her best friend Lily's dramatic debut. A horrific accident resulted in Agnes witnessing Lily's fiery death in a spectacle gone wrong. After a year of obsessing over a murder investigation everyone else thinks is open and shut, Agnes goes to work at the Haunt in an attempt confront her trauma. Horrific events begin to claim the lives of her coworkers and Agnes must figure out what is behind all of the "accidents" before more people die. Friends head off to the remote island of Martha's Vineyard to celebrate New Year's Eve and reconnect. As tensions rise, an unforeseen presence halts celebrations and instead turns their holiday into a fight to live through to the new year.  A group of college friends celebrate the end of term with a party to end all parties. During a drink and drug-fuelled evening, an innocent game of 'Truth or Dare' has a very sore loser, sparking a terrifying sequence of events and a whole new twist on the game of truth or dare - where the truth can kill you. A hunting vacation goes horribly awry for 4 friends after they accidentally shoot the lease's land owner. A survivor of warfare born chemical attack, Cassie Becker faces a new world of terrible realization. The Human race has suffered terrible recourse in the wake of an attack that never should have been leaving the remaining inhabitants in a state far less then human. It has been six months since to the day in this new world of indescribable destruction and isolated fear. In search of the only person she holds dear Cassie must fight the onslaught of creatures once precious to her in an unstoppable journey to reunite. A police officer and a psychologist investigate the deaths of five people who were killed while trying to summon ghosts. Barbara Hershey stars as Carla Moran, a hard-working single mother until the night she is raped in her bedroom by someone - or something - that she cannot see. Despite skeptical psychiatrists, she is repeatedly attacked in her car, in the bath, and in front of her children. Could this be a case of hysteria, a manifestation of childhood sexual trauma, or something even more horrific? Old Bellousinni hates Christmas above all things. Living alone in his great mansion with his butler, his evil has no limits. But on Christmas night, the visit of an old friend and three ghosts that teach him the true meaning of parties and happiness ... or at least what they try. Black and scary comedy based on Dickens's "Christmas Story." Casper meets a baby kitten which isn't scared of anything, including dogs and ghosts. The kitten pursues a big dog and, just when the dog is about to wreak havoc on the kitten, Casper steps in and saves the kitten. Akane is a high school teacher who hears a rumor from her students that there is actual footage on the Internet of someone's suicide. The footage is said to drive anyone who sees it to also commit suicide. Akane does not believe the rumor at first, but when one of her female students dies after viewing the footage, she and her boyfriend Takanori are fatefully drawn into the horror that has been created by the man who appears in the suicide footage, Kashiwada. Kashiwada's intention is to create chaos in the world by bringing back Sadako and the power of her curse. Now Akane has to fight against Sadako and Kashiwada to save the lives of herself and Takanori. When Campbell, a vehicle-less 20-something slacker, innocently makes the mistake of answering a FOR SALE sign placed on a dilapidated van, suspense and action take over as he is suddenly caught-up in a deadly game of cat and mouse that puts everyone close to him in mortal danger. After quitting his job, a man decides to go after the one person responsible for ruining his life. Deep in the Pennsylvania hills, a cemetery for those who died during exorcism remains a dark secret for the church. In 1671, hundreds of men, women, and children suffered in bloody, torturous rituals at the hands of priests unable to contain the evil of the possessed. Were these possessions real, or is the story a hoax to cover up the sins of the deranged priests thirsty for human blood? Bill and his team of cynical paranormal investigators plan to find out the truth.  Armed with the church's historical record, they set out into the wilderness to uncover this series of forgotten atrocities. Alternately gut-punching hilarious and brutally violent, The Cemetery takes the best elements of the old-school slasher film and pushes them to the edge. Christmas wishes come true for Lobo, whose favorite cousin arrives for a surprise visit, and for Glorb, who wishes he could be everywhere at once! A group of unprepared weekend hikers go missing while snowshoeing in the Catskill Mountains. In March 1963, a black mass was held at a ruined church in Clophill, Bedfordshire by a coven of dark witches. Tombs were looted, animals sacrificed and human bones arranged during a macabre ceremony. Further defilements continued at Clophill in the following years, with cattle in nearby fields found mutilated, evidence of necromancy discovered and perpetual sightings of paranormal activity witnessed at the isolated ruin. 50 years on from the original incident, the Clophill legend remains etched on the psyches of the local populace. In 2010, a documentary team was assembled to investigate the legend of the Clophill witches and to try and uncover the truth behind the paranormal events. What followed during that long weekend at Clophill was a terrifying journey into the unknown. When Englishman Jonathan Harker visits the exotic castle of Count Dracula, he is entranced by the mysterious aristocrat. But upon learning that the count has sinister designs on his wife, Mina, Harker seeks help from vampire slayer Van Helsing. Fresh off the success of her first horror novel, Jessie is revered by the literaly world as the next Stephen King. While her editor anxiously awaits her next novel, she is suffering from writer's block. Out of fear of becoming a one-hit novelist, Jessie ventures to her deceased aunt's cabin in the woods to find inspiration for her new book. Having not visited in many years, Jessie has no memory of her childhood summers at the cabin or her time spent in the surrounding woods. But when darkness falls on Jessie's first night alone in the cabin, her memories begin to awaken. A dark presence resides here; one that seems to be watching Jessie every move and one that she has always been afraid of. A series of erotic, bizarre and terrifying events that force Jessie to question her own reality. Dunderland Valley, 1695. A young maiden is accused of witchcraft. Her persecutors end her life in the bottomless pits of the Djupkista Waters. In the years to follow, numerous horrendous events and tragedies strike the valley. In 2011, the young, aspiring theater director Laura arrives in the valley with an ensemble of Norway's premier actors. They are soon made aware of the valley's dark and bloody history. Then the star actor disappears. Lillian is a 21-year-old drifter engaged to a philandering loser and locked in her room with a strange man. She lives next to a failed violinist who won't stop playing his instrument. He lives next to a New Age fanatic who's into colonic treatments; she lives next to two drug addicts who mess with the wrong prostitutes and end up answering to a pimp named Mr. Tangerine. In a barrage of head-spinning vignettes, we are sucked into a surreal motel fantasy-land where society's riffraff dwell in that awkward place between freedom and desperation. The Umbrella Corporation's deadly T-virus continues to ravage the Earth, transforming the global population into legions of the flesh eating Undead. The human race's last and only hope, Alice, awakens in the heart of Umbrella's most clandestine operations facility and unveils more of her mysterious past as she delves further into the complex. Without a safe haven, Alice continues to hunt those responsible for the outbreak; a chase that takes her from Tokyo to New York, Washington, D.C. and Moscow, culminating in a mind-blowing revelation that will force her to rethink everything that she once thought to be true. Aided by new found allies and familiar friends, Alice must fight to survive long enough to escape a hostile world on the brink of oblivion. The countdown has begun. Six captive office workers are literally chained to their desks by a demented, escaped serial killer; former regional manager Thomas Reddmann (Redd). He assigns his 'human resources' the impossible task of proving his innocence or suffering gruesome consequences. The serial killer Silent Eyes is on the loose and no one is safe. The police thought they had caught the serial killer.. but they were wrong. A father's quiet retreat to the woods with his two children turns into a fight for survival. Directed by Gabriele Salvatores, Amnesia takes place in the Spanish island of Ibiza, where an odd mix of commercialism, ex-hippies, fisherman, and artists co-exist. Town locals Sandro (Diego Abatantunono), a pornographic film director, and Angelino (Sergio Rubini), the manager of a beachside watering hole, find their very different lives overlapping. Meanwhile, the island police chief (Juanjo Puigcorbe), who is currently at odds with his rebellious son Jorge (Ruben Ochandiano), is investigating the death of a drug dealer (which was accidentally brought on by Angelino). Jorge's plans to move to America have so far been thwarted by his father, but when he finds out about the affair his dad had been having with a male nightclub dancer, he uses it as blackmail fodder. In Victorian England, literary siblings Emily and Charlotte Bront vie for the affection of the Reverend Arthur Nichols. Along with their sister Anne, Emily and Charlotte also try to help their tormented brother Branwell, a gifted artist whose life is being destroyed by alcohol. A college student returning home for Halloween is forced to face his childhood fears when an escaped killer takes refuge in his family's "Haunted Hayride". When new parents Alex and Penny retreat from the city and move into a place outside town, the stress and massive sleep-deprivation caused by their infant has both of them seeing things in the house that may or may not exist. Persistent sightings of a strange woman has each of them wondering if they are suffering from hallucinations, or if their new home holds a dark, supernatural presence. As their fragile grasp on reality spirals into delirium, Alex and Penny find themselves nearly helpless to deal with the horrific truth of what is really going in this house. "My first film, THE PATH, was based on a dream about a group of people on an 'outing' or a picnic. The people in the dream meet and greet one another and then walk around and through old houses, barns, and buildings. Inside these structures they pass by other people involved in various activities. A woman is folding clothes. A man is making paintings. A young girl is sitting in front of a mirror trying on different necklaces." - Richard Myers As Stitch, a runaway genetic experiment from a faraway planet, wreaks havoc on the Hawaiian Islands, he becomes the mischievous adopted alien "puppy" of an independent little girl named Lilo and learns about loyalty, friendship, and 'ohana, the Hawaiian tradition of family. Meet Doctor Spine, a meek chiropractor with a very dark past that comes back to haunt him. Watch, as a life spent helping others spirals downward into a miasma of madness. Directed by John Wesley Norton. An exorcism comedy which follows the Order of Hellbound Saints (Brooklyn Parish), a highly secretive and profoundly blasphemous men of God, as they battle demonic forces too terrible to be cast out by traditional Vatican-approved methods. A historic Hollywood hotel houses a supernatural evil. It's been subdued for decades - but when renovations start, a series of murders take place. It's up to our heroine to solve the mystery. Long time friends George and Phinneas share a duplex in Los Angeles. Their Russian landlord, Mr. Romanovsky lives in the upstairs unit. George's girlfriend Kim and her friend Olivia come over and after some drinking, they bring out a Ouija board. That night, Phinneas begins to exhibit disturbing nocturnal behaviour. As George investigates more into his friends behaviour, he suspects  that his friend has become possessed by a dark entity A tailor's apprentice burns Count Broko's clothes while ironing them and the tailor fires him. Later, the tailor discovers a note explaining that the count cannot attend a dance party, so he dresses as such to take his place; but the apprentice has also gone to the mansion where the party is celebrated and bumps into the tailor in disguise... A search and recovery team heads into the haunted swamp to pick up the pieces and Marybeth learns the secret to ending the voodoo curse that has left Victor Crowley haunting and terrorizing Honey Island Swamp for decades. 4 young amateur-parapsychologists try to prove the non-existence of ghosts, spirits and souls by demonstrating purely the existence of residual energies in so called 'haunted houses'. Team leader Soren Stefansson (Ed Coupland) has a hidden agenda; he wants to communicate with these energies by taking the self-made hallucinate drug 'spo0K'. Tragedy strikes married couple Paul and Lily, when Lily's father dies. Lily has her father cremated, brings the urn home and now Paul has to come to terms with the death of his father-in-law whom he had despised. The situation gets a bit frayed when the lid to the urn mysteriously disappears, and Paul begins to experience happenings no one else is aware of. November 17, 1988, is a day of mourning for some... and for others, a lucrative opportunity. On that date, eight university students were found murdered in the old arts building at the college. An anonymous source told police the 20-somethings were in the midst of a local role-playing game, called Chill. The name of the game is to stay alive. But for the players that November evening, few would be getting up for another round. But when a scheming student decides to profit from the tragedy and revive the whodunit game as a web series, the new players soon discover, for some, this game is still all too real... A small town is being terrorized by a killer Bigfoot. One that is blood thirsty, vicious and kills without warning and without discrimination. A scientist by the name of Sarah Evans (Leilani Sarelle) shows up to help the town's sheriff (Reb Brown) and his deputy girlfriend Roberta (Sherrie Rose) hunt this thing down and put an end to the killings. At the same time, Hunter Crawford (David Campbell) is a thug-like character who along with his two henchmen, is hunting the creature himself, for his own personal gain and he does not care who he has to go through to accomplish his goal. Ungodly brutal beatings turns Chris, a young man, into a fiend that sets off a bloody, like never before seen, rampage.  Beauty is truly only skin deep - Watch a young paraplegic, whose body is also wrecked with spinal bifida, fight for her life as her older, beautiful sister tries to murder her. It's been 36 years since Jesse's loving mother was raped by his biological father. Now, after hiding and running their entire lives in fear of this murderous rapist --- He has found them!  A group of Christian teenagers are stalked, mamed and burned by a local legend in a haunted forest. Three legendary serial killers terrorize downtown Los Angeles by murdering countless innocent souls and the killer plan is to go out with a real bang. There's nothing like the sweltering heat of summer to set off a massacre. The Summer of Massacre is a 100 mph slasher ride that never slows down. Packed with enough gore and insanity to send you looking for your barf bag. A troubled teen is torn between a girl who loves him and a mysterious stranger who pushes him to kill. The skeleton crew of a dig site remain over the weekend as they continue with research into a mummy they've found. One of them takes the research a little too far, performing a ritual to bring the spirit of the mummy back to life. A family returns from a Grand Canyon vacation with a supernatural presence in tow. After inheriting the family mortuary, a pyrophobic mortician accidentally exposes hundreds of un-cremated bodies to toxic medical waste. As the corpses re-animate, the mortician's inheritance-seeking younger brother unexpectantly shows up, stumbling upon a full zombie outbreak! When a law student uncovers chilling secrets and places her life at risk, a bitter, rough-around-the-edges detective gets assigned to her case. There's a deadly zombie epidemic threatening humanity, but Wade, a small-town farmer and family man, refuses to accept defeat even when his daughter Maggie becomes infected. As Maggie's condition worsens and the authorities seek to eradicate those with the virus, Wade is pushed to the limits in an effort to protect her. Joely Richardson co-stars in this post-apocalyptic thriller. A couple facing marital problems after losing their child finds their life together further complicated by a mysterious visitor. Taking inspiration from The Human Centipede films, the warden of a notorious and troubled prison looks to create a 500-person human centipede as a solution to his problems. A group of six ex-high school cheerleaders are stalked by a killer with a medieval war hammer and battle axe during their first Spring Break from college. What happens when the white man brings their smack into Soda's hood? Mutant hordes are sent to annihilate mankind. Chronicling the genesis of one of rock's most outrageous figures, this nostalgic look at Marilyn Manson's career contains some of his earliest performances as he shared the stage with Daisy Berkowitz, Gidget Gein and Madonna Wayne Gacy. Showing Manson's promise as he launched what would become a legendary career, the video features vintage footage from 1989 and 1990. Tracks include "Misery Machine," "Lunchbox," "Thrift" and "Cyclops." A group of elite soldiers sent to infiltrate and extract the lead science team from Pine Gap, Australia's top secret underground military compound, after it comes under attack from unknown forces. The mission is compromised when they encounter a young woman with no memory of who she is or how she came to be there. As they try to escape, the group quickly discovers all is not as it seems and the facility has become a testing ground for something far more sinister. Beto works at a gym as a night security guard. He has no family. He is a lonely man and the secret he keeps isolates him even more: he suffers from a mysterious disease that is turning him into some kind of zombie. He struggles, but he cannot hide it, so he decides to quit his job. However, before doing so, he unveils his condition to the manager of the gym, Luly, and a very unusual friendship arises between them. Sebastian Hofmann's debut is not a horror film itself, nor is it a film about zombies. Halley is a drama that explores loneliness and body decay. A young couple travels to a deserted town to try and find their mysterious uncle, only to discover that ghosts are real and very dangerous. For the past four years, San Francisco cop Jack Cates has been after an unidentified drug kingpin who calls himself the "Ice Man". Jack finds a picture that proves that the Ice Man has put a price on the head of Reggie Hammond, who is scheduled to be released from prison on the next day. Ella discovers a terrifying secret when she becomes trapped in an underground storage facility. To survive she must join forces with a group of strangers, each with something to hide. After losing her son in the massive zombie attack Reagan is forced to walk the back woods of frozen Alaska. While doing so she meets Colby Jack and Chris in their custom Winnebago. She is safe for now. Taken back to a small store dubbed "Frost Bite" she will help the remaining survivors fight not only zombies but a religious mad man known as Regis. But all is not lost with leadership of ex-marine John Bannister they just might make it to see another day. Written by Pop Gun Pictures A blood virus infects a small group of hunters turning a father and son trip into a fight for survival. Two sisters of Mapuche descent, are hired as guides for a northamerican geologist, who works for an enterprise which want to build a dam, through an unexplored wood in Chile's south. Legend says woods are haunted by the spirits of dead Mapuche fighters, 500 years ago. A seedy downtown bar on a quiet Sunday morning becomes a battleground for Armageddon, when a batch of bad booze contaminates the alcohol supply of the local drunks. Carrying a mutated worm, the tainted tequila infects all who drink it, swiftly turning them into ravenous shots for brain-eating worms. Luckily, an intrepid group of drunks, losers and lost souls is on hand to save the day! Charlie, his sexy girlfriend, and his moronic best friend drink, drug, and self-destruct over the course of one day at Charlie's father home in Los Angeles. Villanelle tells the story of a hard drinking but honorable, down on his luck, Travis Burke. After a storied career as Boston Police Detective taking down high profile criminals, Burke has an indiscretion and is compelled to leave his life behind. Making the difficult decision to stay in law enforcement, Burke acquires the position of Chief of Police in the township of New Shoreham. American and British friends studying in Finland decide to take up an offer to travel to the Arctic Circle and experience the mysterious, pagan celebration of Midsummer's Eve. Bill Buckle has had a dream--he wants to buy back the family fishing boat, the Cascade, which the family had to sell years ago to pay for his father's funeral. However, the boat is now owned by a trio of fishermen, and their plans for the boat don't coincide with Bill's at all. When Daniel is possessed by a strange being it tries to bring back from the other world the rest of its companions in the bodies of Ana, Daniel's wife, and Sebastian, their six year old son. Ana watches in horror as her family is transformed and sees her own possession, and tries to stop the process that seems to be irreversible. Jordan Turner is an experienced 911 operator but when she makes an error in judgment and a call ends badly, Jordan is rattled and unsure if she can continue. But when teenager Casey Welson is abducted in the back of a man's car and calls 911, Jordan is the one called upon to use all of her experience, insights and quick thinking to help Casey escape, and not just to save her, but to make sure the man is brought to justice. Infected by a virus, a mild mannered HR manager attempts to fulfill his overwhelming desire for brains, all while trying to keep it together so as not to incur the wrath of his bridezilla-to-be.  Victor is a killer. Witnessing the brutal death of his parents at the age of seven has turned Victor into a monster. No one is safe in his path of destruction... Except Maxi. Or is she? ... Abby Russell, a beautiful, dedicated nurse with a sinister side, has a secret life in which she targets and punishes dishonest men. ZOMBEX tells the story of a post-Katrina New Orleans as it deals with a new disaster, a zombie apocalypse. NOLA residents are no longer experiencing the depression and post-traumatic stress due to the trauma of the hurricane, thanks to the revolutionary ZOMBEX - a rogue, yet, "clinically-proven" anti-depressant pharmaceutical manufactured by a nefarious organization. For those who call the Big Easy their home, everything is just now turning around for them. Or, could it just be the drug, ZOMBEX, talking... Just as things are turning around for the city and its people, they once again must face a disaster of epic proportions. Only this time, they're dealing with the prospect of losing the people of New Orleans as they turn into the city's walking dead. ENTRANCE is about the limits of our perception, how the things lurking on the periphery of our lives can lead to horrific conclusions; about how she fell out of love with the city, but it wouldn't let her go. The movie is a post-apocalyptic horror/science fiction film. the setting is in a near post apocalyptic future where a biological warfare program goes wrong, and turns most of humanity to mindless, murderous creatures. Hidden in the Woods tells the story of two sisters who have been raised in isolation, subjected to the torment of their abusive, drug dealing father. When they finally decide to report him to the police, he kills the two officers and is put in jail. But things go from bad to worse when the girls must answer to their Uncle Costello, a psychotic drug kingpin, who shows up looking for his missing merchandise which is hidden in the woods. Found footage helps a true-crime novelist realize how and why a family was murdered in his new home, though his discoveries put his entire family in the path of a supernatural entity. Toward the end of World War II, Russian soldiers pushing into eastern Germany stumble across a secret Nazi lab, one that has unearthed and begun experimenting with the journal of one Dr. Victor Frankenstein. The scientists have used the legendary Frankenstein's work to assemble an army of super-soldiers stitched together from the body parts of their fallen comrades -- a desperate Hitler's last ghastly ploy to escape defeat Born out of sin, Billy is given up for adoption and embarks on a killing spree, seeking revenge on his birth parents. He's pursued by detectives battling their own inner demons. Dead Shadows tells the terrifying story about a young man, Chris, whose parents were brutally killed 11 years ago, on the same day that the comet of Haley could be seen from earth. Tonight, a new comet is going to appear and everyone in Chris's building are getting ready for a big apocalypse party to celebrate the event. As the night falls, Chris starts to discover that people are acting strange and it seems to somehow be connected to the comet. People are becoming disoriented and violent and it doesn't take long before they start mutating into something from beyond this world. Matt, with the assistance of his new friend Riley, is moving out to Los Angeles California to fulfill his dream of making movies. Everything is off to a good start! That is until Matt's childhood best friend Chaps decides to crash the road trip and invite himself along. When old friends don't mix well with new friends, jealousy enters the picture. And if that wasn't enough to put a damper on the road trip, a menacing hitchhiker turns their world upside down leading to a maddening chase that spins wildly out of control. The true story of Billy Moore, an English boxer incarcerated in Thailand's most notorious prison. Thrown into a world of drugs and violence, he finds his best chance to escape is to fight his way out in Muay Thai tournaments. A group of young friends make an incomprehensible discovery in an abandoned mine, but the more they try to change the future, the more they seal their fate. Due to a near-fatal accident that has left her incapacitated and depleted of her long-term memory, a temporarily wheelchair-bound woman returns home after being abroad for six years accompanied by her bohemian boyfriend, the apparent cause of the accident. Unable to remember her family or her own childhood, she sets out, with the help of her boyfriend, to find the reason for her leaving all those years ago and quickly discovers her relatives may not be as loving as she'd thought Millionaire Mason Murphy renovates the haunted Mayhew mansion. He plans a tremendous lunar eclipse viewing party to celebrate his return to his hometown of River Ridge Iowa. At the party, magic runs out of control and the party guests are murdered one by one. Three childhood friends set aside their personal issues and reunite for a girls' weekend on a remote island off the coast of Maine. One wrong move turns their weekend getaway into a deadly fight for survival. Ghosts stalk an old guesthouse in the Aran islands, as two American backpackers vie for the affections of a young woman who is, literally, haunted by her past. A small secret society led by a famous book author underwent a series of test of human behavior delivering unto them the result that everybody wants and nobody expects. A supernatural thriller directed by Todd Alcott who co-wrote the script with Holly Golden, and features Michael Rady and Toby Huss. Golden produced the film along with Ilan Arboleda. The film revolves around Lucy, who has a new husband, a new home and a new baby, but old ghosts won't let her be. She has dedicated her life to helping families break the cycle of abuse, so when she and her husband, Wade, see the echoes of a violent family tragedy in their home, Lucy tries to help the tortured souls break free of their torment and move on. She finds, however, that these ghosts don't want her help -- they want to lead Lucy and her family to their doom. In Appalachia, blood always runs to the hollow. Listening with headphones is recommended. Quiver melds horror and passion with Virginia Woolf's idea of a woman requiring a room of her own in which to uncover her true identity. A young girl is transported into a magical world of gingerbread soldiers and an army of mice.  In Disney's magical take on the classic The Nutcracker, Clara wants a one-of-a-kind key that will unlock a box holding a priceless gift. A golden thread presented at her godfather's holiday party leads her to the coveted key--which promptly disappears into a strange and mysterious parallel world. There Clara encounters a soldier, a gang of mice and the regents of three magical Realms. But she must brave the ominous Fourth Realm, home to the tyrant Mother Ginger, to retrieve her key and return harmony to the unstable world. Two brothers team up to battle a creature under the bed, in what is being described as a "suburban nightmare" tale. A family gathers for a happy reunion and marriage announcement on Christmas Day at an isolated mansion in the Philippine mountains only to encounter a series of bizarre, demonic, and tragic events. Seven years on from the events of Monsters, and the 'Infected Zones' have spread worldwide. Humans have been knocked off the top of the food chain, with disparate communities struggling for survival. American soldiers are being sent abroad to protect US interests from the Monsters, but the war is far from being won. A horror movie about the mysterious happenings that happen to a pair of sisters after watching an unidentified video. Directed by Kim Tae-kyeong, Park Bo-yeong plays Se-hee who tries to save her sister Jeong-mi, her boyfriend Joo Won and Kang Byeol plays the sister. An ambitious anthology film featuring segments directed by over two dozen of the world's leading talents in contemporary genre film. Inspired by children's educational ABC books, the motion picture is comprised of 26 individual chapters, each helmed by a different director assigned a letter of the alphabet. The directors were then given free reign in choosing a word to create a story involving death. Provocative, shocking, funny and ultimately confrontational; THE ABC's OF DEATH is the definitive snapshot of the diversity of modern horror. Belle, her little sister, and her comatose twin brother move into a new house with their single mother Joan in order to save money to help pay for her brother's expensive healthcare. But when strange phenomena begin to occur in the house including the miraculous recovery of her brother, Belle begins to suspect her Mother isn't telling her everything and soon realizes they just moved into the infamous Amityville house. On the last day of the first manned mission to Mars, a crew member of Tantalus Base believes he has made an astounding discovery - fossilized evidence of bacterial life. Unwilling to let the relief crew claims all the glory, he disobeys orders to pack up and goes out on an unauthorized expedition to collect further samples. But a routine excavation turns to disaster when the porous ground collapses and he falls into a deep crevice and near certain death. His devastated colleagues attempt to recover his body. However, when another vanishes, they start to suspect that the life-form they have discovered is not without danger. A pianist plays in a huge theatre on a cylindrical piano, which is rotated by his dwarf assistant. The theatre is part of a huge, spherical city. Upon waking, he turns out to be a street musician, who has a restraining order, but wants to teach his daughter how to play the piano. The Ghost Club, an ancient organization of ghost explorers that included Charles Dickens and Sir Arthur Conan Doyle continue there brand in a prime time ghost show. A reimagining of the classic horror tale about Carrie White, a shy girl outcast by her peers and sheltered by her deeply religious mother, who unleashes telekinetic terror on her small town after being pushed too far at her senior prom. Simon Leach is a very, very sick man. Thriving on despair, pain, and panic, he unites a group of broken and desperate people in the middle of the desert. He showers them with the love and affection they're so desperate for, but Simon has a much greater plan for his followers. After a year passes since the sudden death of a child, a family gathering takes place whilst unexplainable events occur. Tension over peculiar circumstances cracks the veneer of cordiality and dark secrets emerge. The story of a lone drifter who has come to the end of a violent and bloody journey. He has the power to consume the sins of evil-doers. During an all-night, drug-fueled party at an abandoned asylum known for the horrific treatment of its patients, a group of ordinary teens decide to experiment with the occult, mysteriously leading to a violent possession. In an effort to find help, the group rushes to escape, only to find themselves locked inside with no means of communication. Tempers flare, trusts are broken and in attempt to save one of their friends possessed by the demon, the amateurs try to perform an exorcism. Instead of solving the problem, and unbeknownst to them, they unleash an even more powerful and vengeful spirit, one with a distinct motive and which wants them all dead. The teen's only chance of survival is to uncover the asylum's deep mysteries and find a way out before it's too late. Four friends head out into the desert for a weekend camping trip in the abandoned mining town of Wonder Valley. As the secrets of the empty town begin to be revealed, they'll be lucky to make it out alive. TV reporter Natasha McGrath is sent to a remote area. Along with her small crew and a couple of campers, they encounter a man who watches, taunts and kills them one by one: repeatedly. An anthology film comprising a ghost story, a creature feature, and a sci-fi slasher story. Borgman is the central character of this dark, malevolent fable. Is he a dream or a demon, a twisted allegory or an all-too-real embodiment of our fears? Borgman is a sinister arrival in the sealed-off streets of modern suburbia. His presence unleashes a crowing gallery of distortion around the careful facade constructed by an arrogant, comfortable couple, their three children and nanny. Hardcore gangsta Isaiah Knight decides to leave his gang, The Platinum Playaz, to go straight and look after his mother and sister. When he opens up his own nightclub, the members of his former crew see it as the perfect place to make a big drug score. Desperate to stay legit, Knight scuppers the drug deal, invoking the wrath of Lynch, the new leader of the Playaz, who decides to take revenge by ambushing Knight. Knight's mother and sister are killed during the hit and when Lynch escapes prosecution for the killings, Knight decides to exact his own form of bloody justice. In his quest to fulfill a promise made to his wife, Calvin sets out to right his wrongs and make it the best Christmas ever for his family. If only it weren't June and the majority of the population, including his wife and daughter, hadn't been turned into flesh-eating snappers by a mysterious atmospheric phenomenon, he'd be in pretty good shape. Driven by guilt in a race against the apocalyptic clock, Calving teams up with G.M., a wily ex-garbage man turned undead slayer, as together they attempt to deck the halls during the most magical time of the year. It's Christmas in June. And snappers be damned. . . The lights and decorations are going up. Frank (Nick Barkla, The Secret Life of Us) meets Madaline (Laura Gordon, Saw V) at a cocktail party held at a World Bank conference. He's a foreign correspondent whose recent work in Mali has left him traumatised. As the erotic connection between Frank and Madaline deepens, each gradually reveal secrets from their past that could have deadly consequences. The sensual, politically charged Embedded is an exciting anomaly in Australian cinema, marking a promising directorial debut for Sewell. Ed and Susan might seem to be a normal, suburban American couple, but they've got a horrifying secret: They create and sell snuff films in their inescapable deathtrap of a home. When Ed decides to create the world's first 'triple feature' - three victims, all killed in one night - the cameras hidden throughout the house capture the evening's terrible events. As their victims suffer their gruesome fates, Ed and Susan's relationship begins to unravel, causing their carefully laid plans to spiral into bloody chaos that will change their lives forever. Joey Boca is the owner of a pizza parlor located in Tacoma, Washington, and has been married to Rosalie for years. Rosalie is horrified to discover that Joey is a womanizer and has been cheating on her for a long time. Based on the true story of Frances and Anthony Toto. During a failed art heist, the Djinn is once again liberated. This time, to complete the 1001 wishes that he needs before the final 3, he lets himself go to prison, where he starts his evil reign twisting the hopes of the prisoners. Meanwhile, the woman who set him free accidentally, Morgana, tries to find a way to stop him, aided by a young priest. Following two Water Australia employees who travel out along the Nullarbor Plain only to discover they are being hunted by the mythological creature, the Nullarbor Nymph. A dark, twisted retelling of "Dante's Inferno," done in the torture-porn style of "Hostel" and "High Tension." To escape her abusive foster home, headstrong 18-year-old Danielle Hitches a Ride with an affable psycho who calls himself Virgil and has an axe to grind against women based on his warped religious beliefs. She realizes she hasn't quite found her knight in shining armor when she awakens half-naked, chained to a post in Virgil's basement. As Virgil, puts Danielle through a sadistic "moral cleansing" of debauched torture sessions that could kill her at any moment, she must choose either to fight back or to become as inhuman and deranged as Virgil himself. What Virgil doesn't know is that Danielle may be more than up to the challenge of his psychotic head games. In a world where past meets present and the present gets lost in time, reality is blurred for 5 College psychology students who are pushing all boundaries during an ESP experiment over a lost weekend... Delivery tells the story of Kyle and Rachel Massy, a young couple who agree to document their first pregnancy for a family-oriented reality show. The production spirals out-of-control after the cameras capture a series of unexplained events, leading Rachel to believe that a malevolent spirit has possessed their unborn child. This is the story of Romeo. A dude who was living the life. He had the works - the mansion to live in, the chicks to party with and the cars to be driven around in. Until one day, the family he was the favourite pet of, decided to move and left him back, abandoned on the mean streets of Mumbai. Romeo is now faced with situations he has never been in before. He encounters four strays, who scare the daylights out of him. But soon, he smooth talks his way into their hearts and he makes friends. Then, Romeo finds love! He encounters the beautiful, ravishing Laila, the most beautiful girl he has ever seen - and he loses his heart to her at first sight. Finally, he encounters a villain! The dreaded Don of the area - Charlie Anna. The Don who everyone is scared of. So hop on to the adventure as Romeo, wins friendship, love and a new life - in spite of Charlie Anna and his gang! Beneath the fake blood and cheap masks of countless haunted house attractions across the country, there are whispers of truly terrifying alternatives. Looking to find an authentic, blood-curdling good fright for Halloween, five friends set off on a road trip in an RV to track down these underground Haunts. Just when their search seems to reach a dead end, strange and disturbing things start happening and it becomes clear that the Haunt has come to them... A young medical student struggling to pay tuition is drawn into the shady world of underground body-modification. Beautiful vampire Djuna tries to resist the advances of the handsome, human screenwriter Paolo, but eventually gives in to their passion. When her seductive and highly volatile sister Mimi unexpectedly comes to visit, she threatens Djuna's new relationship, and the whole vampire community becomes endangered. Real estate agent John Dante has a problem. He's stuck with a house he can't sell. Despite his best efforts, he can't seem to overcome the house's past and the macabre tales that precede it in this haunting anthology. In the first story, THE MORNING AFTER, a group of friends wake up from the party of a lifetime to find a nightmare in the form of the worst bug invasion any homeowner has ever seen. Then there's Freddie Cooper and his band, FREDDIE AND THE GOBLINS; a tale of how Freddie's band mates try to kick him out and get caught up in the young singer's growing psychosis. With his hopes of selling the house fading, John is horrified to hear the story of Robbie, a young veteran of the war in Iraq, who returns home to live with his father Brad in FATHER LAND. Something isn't right, though, as Robbie's dark secret slowly bubbles to the surface. As the house's dark past comes to life, John becomes weary and is convinced the house is cursed and unsellable. Sadie dotes on six year old son Jacob. He is her only source of comfort and her only true friend. But, deep down Sadie has always known that there is something not quite right about 'her boy'. That is why she tries to keep him out of sight from the rest of the world. For years she has dealt with the strange noises in the night, nightmares and ghostly apparitions but when friends and family start to meet with brutal and tragic ends Sadie is left with no choice. It's time to accept the truth and confront the evil... Jacob's Hammer... When a mother's love is no defence... A visual incursion into the troubles psyche of a young boy whose unstable and manipulative mother committed suicide in front of him. When five friends head to the woods for a weekend of drug fueled madness their night soon descends into chaos when they pitch up next to the grave of a local missing child. The film centers around retired police detective Derrick Stanswood (Mann), who is called by a successful doctor about an unsolved case involving his wife Maggy (Cottrel) and their son, Cole (newcomer Kevin Fennell). Chasing after loose ends in a backward rural town, Derrick has no idea that Maggy has been held captive for the past eight years by farmer Lukas Walton (K.J. Linhein, "Jebediah"), who is raising Cole as his own son in a wrongful world that holds its own horrors (http://mrpotent.com/deerCrossing/). It's 1981 and the girls of Alpha Gamma Theta sorority are having a party. As the new pledges arrive, so does an uninvited guest. Little do the sisters know someone is watching them in the shadows. As the girls shower, study, eat and sleep the stalker studies the girls. One by one he finds the girls at their most vulnerable and murders them. The police hunt for the missing girls and their killer, but will they find them in time? Or will the girls be forced to fight for their lives.. When the staff inside a renovated film studio finds a co-worker dead one morning, the pieces of a forty year puzzle add up to an angry ghost who has let the last person step inside her house. But will they ever get out alive? When aspiring model Jesse moves to Los Angeles, her youth and vitality are devoured by a group of beauty-obsessed women who will take any means necessary to get what she has. When a group of ghost hunters investigate the infamous Jericho Manor, they soon realise it's not just ghosts that go bump in the night! As people get murdered, the survivors need to discover who or what's killing them before it's too late. Flight 7500 departs Los Angeles International Airport bound for Tokyo. As the overnight flight makes its way over the Pacific Ocean during its ten-hour course, the passengers encounter what appears to be a supernatural force in the cabin. Eccentric scientist Victor Von Frankenstein creates a grotesque creature in an unorthodox scientific experiment. An ailing father, who is about to undergo a potentially life-threatening surgery, takes his teenage kids into the woods to try and recapture their early closeness, before he and his wife divorced and everything changed. But the three are swept into a supernatural adventure, in which only their Father, Chris, "The Healer," has the ability to control their destinies. Lost in a haunted forest from which there seems no escape except death, this moving and sensitive script tells a beautiful story of a family's tragedy &amp; resilience A young schizophrenic who felt threatened by a presence he was unable to define turns up gruesomely dead in his bathtub When a college student (Annalisa Kyler) dissappears along the road, her friends quickly form a search party to find the lost woman. Unfortunately, these college slackers (Martin Seijo, Lauren Brown & Kayte Giralt) are in way over their heads. Also trying to piece this mystery together is the local Sheriff (Allan Medina) and the coroner (Ed Donovan). Womanizing jerk Bruce (Michael Thomas Dunn) and tomboy Vanessa (Carrie Grafton) decide to tag along for the wild ride. Growing up can be a bumpy road, and it's no exception for Riley, who is uprooted from her Midwest life when her father starts a new job in San Francisco. Riley's guiding emotions-- Joy, Fear, Anger, Disgust and Sadness--live in Headquarters, the control centre inside Riley's mind, where they help advise her through everyday life and tries to keep things positive, but the emotions conflict on how best to navigate a new city, house and school. Michael is committed to getting his best friend Chris to sober up and get his life back on track. With the best of intentions, Michael implements a plan to convince Chris to go to rehab before his drug addiction leads to an early death. But what begins as an attempt to save his friend's life quickly takes an unexpected turn as the two friends confront personal demons, the consequences of past actions, and forces beyond their control. A rich heiress and her friends head for a weekend of fun at her isolated ranch house in the middle of no man's land. They soon find that the caretaker's dark past, has taken him down a bloody killing spree. In a remote part of the countryside, a bungled kidnapping turns into a living nightmare for four central characters when they cross paths with a psychopathic farmer and all hell breaks loose. Taylor, a former juvenile delinquent, convinces straight-'A' student, Cammi to join her and her friends on a Spring Break road trip through the California desert. Ignoring evil premonitions from Cammi, the 8 friends party heavily as they get farther and farther away from civilization along old Route 66 with a killer in pursuit. Anxiety builds as each stop along the way proves stranger and stranger until the group is lured to an abandoned amusement park with a mysterious past far off the main highway. There the group discovers that the park comes complete with broken down vintage carnival rides, shocking surprises, the smell of death, and an enticing, young tattooed serial killer named Spider. Vampires and humans live in a future world where they co-exist - barely. Now, both groups find themselves under attack by a new species of super vampire. The surviving humans and vampires join forces to obliterate the vicious man-sized bat vampires which threaten to shatter the uneasy peace between the two species. A twisted horror about a dinner party gone wrong. Set against an 80s backdrop, the good time takes a dark turn when one in the group hijacks the evening in an attempt to help the others come clean about their secret betrayals against one another-and is willing to cut through the bone in order to expose the truth. Cass and Mark are a couple on a camping trip to the distant countryside. When their seemingly secluded getaway is interrupted by an ominous scream, they start to think someone might be stalking them, and encounter two strangers who are also in the woods near them. Despite everything appearing to be harmless, they can't shake the feeling that something is wrong. The truth, however, is far more disturbing than meets the eye. Alienated teen Pauline struggles with the pressures of fitting into high school, pleasing her mother and a burning desire to lose her virginity. With a grotesque curiosity for the darker side of life, Pauline is considered a social outcast by everyone around her. Enticed by flesh, she retreats into her own fantasies and hopes to become a great surgeon - that is, if she doesn't go insane first. Undisturbed for over 20 years, this remote forested island in the Pacific Northwest is visited by a group of campers on horseback. The camp tranquility is broken by violence and terror. Tedi Sarafian, writer of TERMINATOR 3: RISE OF THE MACHINES and TANK GIRL makes his feature directorial debut with this horror/sci-fi thriller based on true events. King's Ransom Winery is known as one of the most haunted places in North America. Gruesome suicides and murders, suspicious fires, and strange otherworldly phenomena have occurred with disturbing frequency throughout the dark history of the estate, all linked back to a past shocking slaughter where the victim was stabbed thirteen times. And that unlucky number has appeared a constant throughout every unexplained bizarre incident. Now a group of six paranormal investigators have been given 48-hour weekend access to the winery to conduct a search for evidence of the other side. Soon they begin to see things and witness strange happenings causing each to act out of character as a sinister presence forces long-buried memories and deep-seated fears to bubble to the surface. A small suburban town receives a visit from a castaway unfinished science experiment named Edward.  A legacy of terror for more than 150 years. Haunted by a tradition of blood and mystery. Aaron's House is a place visited by few, but known about by many. A paranormal debunker, a dead serial killer and his protege, two FBI agents, a mythical cult, and the legend of Aaron Wiley, culminate and collapse upon Aaron's House. Something nasty is lurking inside a secure storage unit. When a group of people get trapped inside, they need to find a way to get out of a building that's designed to keep things in... A group of friends who venture into the remote Texas woods for a party weekend find themselves stalked by Bigfoot. The story centers on a group of strangers trapped in a time warp house where a terrible event transpired exactly 100 years prior. An old man and his sister are concealing a terrible secret from their adopted teen daughter, concerning a hidden abandoned farmhouse, located deep in the woods. A serial killer kidnaps a young boy after murdering his mother, then raises him to be his accomplice. After years in captivity, the boy must choose between escaping or following in his captor's bloody footprints. A French waiter living in New York City witnesses a murder and must go on the run from the police and the mob. A beautiful diva is murdered on the set of horror director Vincent Augustine's latest film "Chapel Blood." Somewhere between the crime scene and the coroner's van, the body mysteriously disappears. Meanwhile, the city's supply of donated blood is being dangerously depleted. Suspecting a connection between the events, detectives Mike Hung and Sasha Colfax go undercover at the studio to investigate. Their attempt to crack the case quickly turns into a desperate battle for survival when they uncover an age-old war between rival vampire covens that threatens to consume humanity in a final, grisly assault of Teeth and Blood! A group of six tourists looking to go off the beaten path, hire an 'extreme tour guide' who, ignoring warnings, takes them into the city of Pripyat, the former home to the workers of the Chernobyl nuclear reactor, but now a deserted town since the disaster more than 25 years earlier. After a brief exploration of the abandoned city, the group members find themselves stranded, only to discover that they are not alone. England, early 20th century. The future writer and philologist John Ronald Reuel Tolkien (1892-1973) and three of his schoolmates create a strong bond between them as they share the same passion for literature and art, a true fellowship that strengthens as they grow up, but the outbreak of World War I threatens to shatter it. What's college without beer, babes, and vampires?!? Campus life (or lack thereof) is about to take on a whole new meaning when the University, and potentially the rest of the world, finds itself in danger from an army of the undead. A spoof of all the "found-footage/documentary style" films released in recent years. Recently released from an institution and determined to contain his homicidal urges, a young man attempts to piece together his broken life with increasingly disastrous results... A pharmaceutical company recruits a well-known scientist to help develop a vaccine against a deadly virus. On the trail of a missing girl, an ex-cop comes across a secretive group attempting to summon a terrifying supernatural entity. A woman creates a man from the bodies of the dead...and falls in love with him. On Halloween night at a horror theme park, a costumed killer begins slaying innocent patrons who believe that it's all part of the festivities. Desperate to help her ailing brother, a young woman agrees to compete in a deadly game of "Would You Rather", hosted by a sadistic aristocrat. Six individuals are caught up in a supernatural perfect storm as an evil lays claim to one of them while threatening to tear apart the soul of a small Pennsylvania town. Directed by Dorothy Booraem. A young man named Josef visits a dilapidated Sanatorium to see his father Jakob.  On his arrival, a sinister doctor informs him that his father had stopped breathing but hasn't died yet, perhaps due to Josef's arrival which may have halted time in the sanatorium.  Josef undertakes a strange journey through the many rooms of the sanatorium, each which conjures worlds composed of his memories, dreams and nightmares Lured by the promise of an Australian holiday, backpackers Rutger, Katarina and Paul visit the notorious Wolf Creek Crater.  Their dream Outback adventure soon becomes a horrific reality when they encounter the site's most infamous local, the last man any traveller to the region ever wants to meet--Mick Taylor.  As the backpackers flee, Mick pursues them on an epic white knuckled rampage across hostile wasteland. Jack is a children's author turned crime novelist whose detailed research into the lives of Victorian serial killers has turned him into a paranoid wreck, persecuted by the irrational fear of being murdered. When Jack is thrown a life-line by his long-suffering agent and a mysterious Hollywood executive takes a sudden and inexplicable interest in his script, what should be his big break rapidly turns into his big breakdown, as Jack is forced to confront his worst demons; among them his love life, his laundry and the origin of all fear. A glimpse into a suburban street, but not everything is as it seems. A dark twisted apocalyptic shocker about a group of humans and demons who must band together to fight for the fate of humanity. When an ancient prophecy unleashes an evil spirit, hell is brought upon the world. The deceased have risen with the instinct to feed on the living as a family is trapped during a zombie apocalypse. Wales. Based on George A. Romero's classic "Night of the Living Dead". How far would you go to feel - anything. A young woman's gradual descent into madness. A couple with marital problems gets lured to a remote retreat. They must put aside their problems to survive after they discover that their lives are in danger. On the trail of a missing friend who had been experimenting with mind-altering drugs, a young journalist - aided by a rogue counter-culture writer, The Silence of The Lambs -- finds herself drawn into the dangerous world of top-secret government chemical research and the mystery of a disturbing radio signal of unknown origin. A fast-paced thriller blending fact and fiction, Banshee Chapter is based on real documents, actual test subject testimony, and uncovered secrets about covert programs run by the CIA. PK, an English orphan terrorized for his family's political beliefs in Africa, turns to his only friend, a kindly world-wise prisoner, Geel Piet. Geel teaches him how to box with the motto "fight with your fists and lead with your heart". As he grows to manhood, PK uses these words to take on the system and the injustices he sees around him - and finds that one person really can make a difference. An earnest life-coach/author, Thomas Carter, is mysteriously abducted by a deranged client, Angel Sanchez, who delves into Thomas' teachings and uses his spiritual messages of Karma - action and reaction (Vipaka), against him to terrorize him and his family for their past sins. In California, an old man grieves the loss of his wife and on the next day he also dies. However, the space soldier Eros and her mate Tanna use an electric device to resurrect them both and the strong Inspector Clay that was murdered by the couple. Their intention is not to conquest Earth but to stop mankind from developing the powerful bomb "Solobonite" that would threaten the universe. When the population of Hollywood and Washington DC sees flying saucers on the sky, a colonel, a police lieutenant, a commercial pilot, his wife and a policeman try to stop the aliens. The town of Leffert's Corners has been plagued by unearthly beings for decades, and now there is only a few people left, including the local priest and a woman traumatised by the death of her sister. But when John Martense turns up to claim his illicit family fortune, with bad guys in pursuit, the last stand had become a lot more complicated. Based on the writings of H P Lovecraft. The Devil's Dozen is a supernatural horror/thriller where twelve strangers find themselves in a life or death game where sins are judged and every choice a testament to their character. The innocent must strive to maintain their integrity, while the guilty can only hope their deaths lead to the truly innocent walking out alive. A woman tormented by ghostly apparitions and a professor of psychic phenomena investigate other-worldly disturbances and unlock the secret of a malevolent force reaching out for vengeance from beyond the grave. Ethan is suffering enormous guilt after his parents are killed in a car accident. He quits a promising future at MIT and work on a revolutionary experiment in order to care for his younger siblings. A relentlessly-paced hybrid of gritty crime thriller and Lovecraftian supernatural horror, "The Devil's Mile" follows a trio of kidnappers who take an ill-advised detour en route to deliver their hostages - two teenage girls - to their mysterious and powerful employer. When they accidentally kill one of the girls during a botched escape attempt, their simmering mistrust explodes into shocking violence. But what they thought was their worst case scenario is only the beginning, as they are engulfed by the hellish forces that haunt the road - a road they realize they may never escape. Now captors and captive must fight together to escape the monstrous forces pursuing them and somehow survive ... Guillermo del Toro presents Mama, a supernatural thriller that tells the haunting tale of two little girls who disappeared into the woods the day that their parents were killed. When they are rescued years later and begin a new life, they find that someone or something still wants to come tuck them in at night. Crystal and her boyfriend Leo embark on a tense and mysterious road trip through the desolate yet hauntingly beautiful landscape of central Florida. After learning of an urban legend in which a demented serial killer named SMILEY can be summoned through the Internet, mentally fragile Ashley must decide whether she is losing her mind or becoming Smiley's next victim. When a college girl who is alone on campus over the Thanksgiving break is targeted by a group of outcasts, she must conquer her deepest fears to outwit them and fight back. Four teenaged lads set off to get laid in order to stay alive. However, the boys have to attract the girls first in order to complete their mission. Otherwise, they will be hunted and killed by a vicious Werewolf which only seems interested in Virgins. As Nell Sweetzer tries to build a new life after the events of the first movie, the evil force that once possessed her returns with an even more horrific plan. After a zombie apocalypse spreads from a London prison, the UK is brought to its knees. The spread of the virus is temporarily contained but, without a cure, it's only a matter of time before it breaks its boundaries and the biggest problem of all... any zombies with combat skills are now enhanced. With the South East of England quarantined from the rest of the world using fortified borders, intelligence finds that the scientist responsible for the outbreak is alive and well in London. With his recovery being the only hope of a cure, a squad of eight Special Forces soldiers is sent on a suicide mission to the city, now ruled by the undead, with a single task: get him out alive within 72 hours by any means necessary. What emerges is an unlikely pairing on a course to save humanity against ever-rising odds. After a series of bad experiences with men, Shae teams up with her co-worker, Lu, who has a simple, deadly way of dealing with the opposite sex. Five medical students want to find out if there is life after death. They plan to stop one of their hearts for a few seconds, thus simulating death, and then bring the person back to life. A science fiction thriller from the early 1990's with a star studded cast. Three years after a tragic accident leaves a student dead at the annual Homecoming dance, a group of senior friends anxious about the return of Homecoming Night to their sleepy Southern town find themselves visited by a deadly presence from their past in the dark and desolate halls of their very own high school. A man recently released from a mental institute inherits a mansion after his parents die. After a series of disturbing events, he comes to believe it is haunted. On the eve of their ten year high school reunion, six people are summoned to the isolated country estate of one of their former friends, now a famous horror writer. Once there, separated by guilt, yet bound together by a terrible secret, seven adults try to reconnect with each other, and take stock of their lives. Outside, the storm clouds gather. Rain, lightning and wind isolate the house by washing out the road and knocking down the power lines. And then, they begin to be brutally murdered one by one. Someone is out there in the wind and the rain, someone who has waited for ten years to wreak a terrible vengeance on this group. Seven friends find themselves in a struggle to survive and outwit a diabolical killer who is savagely committed to sending them all to an EARLY GRAVE. After their mother passes away, sisters Nicole and Annie reluctantly return to their childhood home to pay their last respects. While staying overnight in the house, the sisters sense a mysterious presence in their midst: noises startling them in the night, objects moving about, a fallen picture of an unknown woman posed next to their mother. Annie begins experiencing a series of intense and disturbing dreams - visions that lead her to uncover something terrible about her mother's past that is finally revealing itself. A group of friends awake one morning to find all electricity and power shut off and an immense alien aircraft hovering in the air above their heads. Suddenly this regular group of friends is battling to survive as the entire human race is threatened by the alien army hovering ominously above. A dramatic thriller about a couple who own an advertising agency. The husband apparently commits suicide, but the police and the insurance company decide to investigate his death. From the director of CANDYMAN and the producers of PARANORMAL ACTIVITY comes a found-footage nightmare of lust, possession, and destruction. Jill's an artist. Ian's a filmmaker. And their love life is off the chain. There's no experience too wild, no dare too dangerous--not even when Jill lets Ian strap her to a gurney in the abandoned hospital they're scoping out for their next art show. But he shouldn't have left her alone. Not even as a joke. Now, Jill's hookup with horror has awakened something in that place. Something with a lust for more than flesh. Two women, a missing roommate, some taxidermy, a creepy blind man and a lot of booze. Bunnyman is the story of a group of friends on their way back from a spontaneous weekend trip to Las Vegas, and while driving through the remote regions of southern California they suddenly find themselves in a sickening game of cat and mouse with a five ton dumptruck and, when looking for help, stumble upon a nightmarish family who takes pleasure in dismembering and eating as many of the kids as possible. Yearning to break free from their sordid pasts, three sisters unite for a simple plan: steal enough drugs to set themselves up for a new life. But when the eldest sister Teig decides they're going to hide out in their old, abandoned family house, its painful memories quickly become too real to fight off. Three sisters with a history, a suitcase full of stolen drugs, and a family house with a dark secret is the recipe for terror in House of Bad. A giant alien mosquito-type insect is drawn to earth from the CO2 pollution in search of blood. Del, a government agent, loses loved ones to the creature and is on a personal vendetta while the Dr. Kempler is captivated by it and attempts to help the creature cleanse the earth. In Nightscape, an emotionally guarded drifter, Kat (Galesh), crosses paths with a phantom car responsible for a wave of supernatural violence. The drifter must learn to trust again if she is to end a lifetime of bad luck and help her new found companions survive the growing chaos and carnage. A man returns home to Atlanta to help and turn around his family's struggling restaurant with the help of a new chicken recipe. Dirty little secrets are exposed when five friends become stranded at an abandoned motel haunted by a dark secret of its own. It should have been just a normal day of sex, fun, alcohol, hormones and debauchery for Tabitha and Mimi, two over-privileged twenty-somethings. But that so-called normalcy gets tossed out the window when a devastating event occurs at a pool party. Thomas Capper is an unconventional and mysterious serial killer who takes aim at a Hollywood film set, by unleashing his own brand of retribution on the cast and crew. A man takes his family on a camping trip and becomes convinced they are being stalked by the legendary monster of the New Jersey Pine Barrens: the Jersey Devil. Four little league teammates reunite after fifteen years to solve the mystery behind a horrible killing from their childhood. A mysterious letter sends the gang on a mission to unearth the grave of their old coach and prove that their incarcerated friend is innocent. Little do they know the real killer is stalking them and hungry for their blood! Prequel to the Henry James classic "Turn of the Screw" about the events leading up to the deaths of Peter Quint and Ms. Jessel, and the the slow corruption of the children in their care. Two gangsters named Lukas and Marc planned to have a nice evening in an brothel. When both of them selected their girls for the night, a bunch of demons starts to attack the brothel. The few ones who survived this attack are confronted with the daugther of the devil herself. She needs the blood of 666 victims to resurrect her father. Lukas and Marc must stop her! Drowning in debt as he's about to get married, a bright but meek salesman receives a mysterious phone call informing him that he's on a hidden-camera game show where he must execute 13 tasks to receive a multi-million dollar cash prize. Alexandra is a lively college student returning to live with her roommates Jessica and Breanne after the summer holidays. After a night of drinking, Alex agrees to a psychic reading to learn about her future with her boyfriend, Brian, but during the reading a dramatic turn of events causes SOMETHING to go drastically wrong. When Alex awakes the next day, she cant remember the events of the night before. She begins to hear creepy noises, hallucinate, black out and receive unidentifiable scratch marks all over her body. Afraid shes going crazy, she seeks help from her friends but Jessica, Breanne and Brian are incapable of comprehending the scope of the darkness descending UPON her. Instead, Alex receives help from a school professor and his father who have dealt with the supernatural before. But as Alexs condition worsens, it becomes apparent that it may already be too late to stop the entity from using Alexs body as a gateway into our world (IMDb.com). Survivors of an airplane crash find themselves within the borders of a government testing area and pursued by predators. Johnny is a successful banker with great respect for and dedication to the people in his life, especially his future wife Lisa. The happy-go-lucky guy sees his world fall apart when his friends begin to betray him one-by-one. The Italian mafia takes on the Mexican cartel on the Mexican border. The cartel has captured the son of an ex-mobster in witness protection. He calls on his mob buddies to come to Arizona to help him. Seven strangers find themselves trapped in an underground storage facility, struggling to survive while being hunted by a supernatural beast that resides inside the mysterious 13th unit. Christina's ghost haunts the mansion where she was born. Harmless prank or violent revenge? Three high school students, sick of living in fear of bullies, plan the ultimate payback. But when their prank goes way too far, they come to realize that getting even can have deadly consequences. Packed with unpredictable twists and turns, this cutting-edge thriller pulls no punches and delivers a shocking conclusion you'll never forget. Just remember...no matter how sweet revenge might taste, there's always a price to pay Damien Shadows introduces you to 5 blood curdling horror films, all of which are actually enchanted and or cursed. Damien shows you how to ward off the spirits after each terrifying tale in this anthology. From demented sisters, to panty raids gone wrong, to killer mimes and bad periods, this film will take you on one wild ride! 1983: A group of high school students are having a great time near Hollywood Hills at the weekend when they bump into the Loser from their school, Sam, who's just on his way home. Sam would do anything in order to get Jenny's attention, one of prettiest girls in school. Unfortunately she's also the girlfriend of the school's bully, Biff, the quarterback of the football team. Biff and his buddies are keen to take Sam to the old abandoned amusement park to make him prove his courage as part of their initiation ceremony. They involve Jenny in their cruel game as the grand prize of the competition. Sam accepts the challenge, but the girl wouldn't let him go in by himself; she follows him into the amusement park and a night they'll never forget. Deep within the underbelly of Paris, there is a club which is the home of a secret, wicked society. At first it resembles an ordinary fetish or Goth nightclub, but within the cavernous building are many hidden rooms, one of which is known as "The Room of Souls," a private gathering place of the world's richest and most evil people. Their host is the elegant yet frightening Madame Sabatier. For their amusement each member takes a turn and spins a true tale of depravity. The year was 1973 . . . Justin Thomas Wilson was hunting the fallen with an ax and a shotgun. Sam, his young disciple, documented their adventures with the first 8mm camera ever to record sound. The story begins but the battle rages on. Two best friends, Grant and Paul, hit the country road for a night of fun, but unfortunately take a short cut to their fate... where they meet the Locals. A man recently released from a mental institute inherits a mansion after his parents die. After a series of disturbing events, he comes to believe it is haunted. Adult film star Jennifer Bond has everything a girl could want: looks, power, a fabulously dangerously sexy boyfriend...and immortality due to the fact she was transformed into a vampire circa 1979.  But as her 50th birthday draws near, she returns to the town she left in search of the love of her life, the aging porn director John Welles. Unfortunately, one of her travelling companions and former co-star takes a shine to one of their midnight snacks, a pizza delivery boy, and she creates a new vampire with a taste for bloody revenge!  As the four ex-porn stars ravage the town as part of their nightly fun, the pizza boy hooks up with the beleaguered mayor and the Moral Majority to stomp out the dangerously porn star-vampire menace. Artie is pure bred trailer trash. He has zero ambition, is everyone's favorite punching back at school and bears the burden of his virginity in silence. And then April moves out of the state. She's his best friend and support since kindergarten and the love of his life. Three years later Artie finally has the courage to take to the road and go see April to tell her how he feels about her. One car-crash later Artie wakes up in the middle of the zombie apocalypse. But this time he's not going to hide. Artie's love for April doesn't give him wings, but does give him the courage to hack, slash, punch and kick himself a part towards the girl he loves. Time is of the essence, because that bite on his hand will make the difference between a French kiss and a bite out of April's brains. In this final installment, the Ninjas and their friends find themselves pitted against the most evil and memorable monsters of them all - Dracula, Frankenstein, the Mummy, the Werewolf, and MORE! Loaded with martial arts action, bloody horror, gun play, magic, comedy, pop-culture references, and a tightly woven twist-filled plot Their relationship on the rocks, a young Brooklyn couple heads to a remote B&amp;B to work things out. But from the moment they arrive at The Happy House it's one disaster after another, and they soon begin to suspect they've wandered into a real life horror movie. Events escalate from weird to terrifying as they contend with the house's batty owner, her imposing son, a moody Swedish lepidopterist, a pedantic English professor, an extraordinarily rare butterfly, the world's best blueberry muffins, a .44 Magnum, a demented serial killer, and one very strict rulebook. Wrath of the crows is very gory and brutal, but tied by a strong concept and the whole story is focused on the characters' development. So there's not only splatter sequences, but also atmospheric moments, a few dream-like sequences and a final twist that will shock you all. A man living in rural Wisconsin takes care of his bed-ridden mother, who is very domineering and teaches him that all women are evil. After she dies he misses her, so a year later he digs her up and takes her home. He learns about taxidermy and begins robbing graves to get materials to patch her up, and inevitably begins looking for fresher sources of materials. Based closely on the true story of Ed Gein. While defending her family's historic plantation from destruction, Charlotte, a reclusive Southern-belle spinster, calls for help from her cousin Melanie, but Melanie's arrival sparks a chain of melodramatic events that send Charlotte into madness.  A man awakes-- without memory -- in a pit full of bodies and must figure out if the people who rescued him are the killers, or if he is the murderer. One year after a tragic incident tore their family apart, a grieving son and his estranged father embark on a journey into the wild to reconcile their past. When a horrifying accident leaves Russell badly injured, and strands them in the wild, it is up to October to save them both. However, this wilderness is not what it seems, and as they deteriorate, so to does their concept of reality. When Todd takes his girlfriend Cammie up to the family cottage for a reclusive proposal, the last thing he expected to be doing was dealing with was his slacker brother and his hippie girlfriend.  But in this comedy of errors, Todd and Cammie, have to deal with his accidentally murdered brother in order to live happily ever after. Doreen is about to marry the man of her dreams, Hank, a mild-mannered guy who is equally as excited about marrying Doreen. However, Doreen's older brother, a wild man named Travis who's been estranged from her for several years, shows up to make amends, but instead he accidentally curses her. Doreen is now possessed by the devil. In Las Vegas is a homeless man known as Johnny Priest, who is the last known person to perform an exorcism in America. It's up to Travis and Hank to put aside their differences and travel from Chicago to Las Vegas to get Doreen an exorcism before it's too late and her soul is lost forever. A psychiatrist involved in a radical new therapy comes under suspicion when his patients are murdered, each according to their individual phobias. I Am ZoZo is a psychological thriller about five young people who play with a Ouija board on Halloween and attract the attention of a malevolent demon. The film is based on real experiences with an ancient and malevolent spirit called ZoZo that attaches itself to people exclusively through Ouija boards.  I Am ZoZo was shot on location on San Juan Island, WA and Seattle entirely on Kodak Super 8mm negative film stock. A disturbing portrait of contemporary youth culture where the lines between reality and fiction are blurred with often frightening results. Emily, a troubled spirit, haunts her own house every day, wondering why she can't leave. With the help of Sylvia, a clairvoyant hired to rid the house of spirits, Emily is forced into a 'patient/therapist' relationship, uncovering disturbing mysteries about her past that may help her move on to 'the next place Rows is a psychological thriller, a Gothic fantasy inspired by Grimm's tales. A young woman, Rose, is tasked by her developer father to deliver an eviction notice to a reclusive woman in a ramshackle farmhouse. The woman has strange powers, derived from the house itself. The enchantress puts Rose and her friend, Greta, under a spell. They become lost in a seemingly infinite cornfield and must repeat a series of surreal or terrifying events in order to solve the mystery and break the spell. Rose's father is drawn into the mystery, and Rose's relationship with him is tested. A series of shocking reversals leads to a haunting climax. What happens when a screenwriter (Brooks) loses his edge, he turns to anyone he can for help... even if it's the mythical "Zeus's Daughter" (Stone). And he's willing to pay, albeit reluctantly, whatever price it takes to satisfy this goddess, especially when her advice gets him going again on a sure-fire script. However, this is not the limit of her help, she also gets the writer's wife (MacDowell) going on her own bakery enterprise, much to the chagrin of Brooks, who has already had to make many personal sacrifices for his own help. Sacrifice is the story of consultant surgeon, Tora Hamilton, who moves with her husband, Duncan, to the remote Shetland Islands, 100 miles off the north-east coast of Scotland. Deep in the peat soil around her new home, Tora discovers the body of a young woman with rune marks carved into her skin and a gaping hole where her heart once beat. Ignoring warnings to leave well alone, Tora uncovers terrifying links to a legend that might never have been confined to the pages of the story-books. After getting a taste for blood as children, Hansel and Gretel have become the ultimate vigilantes, hell-bent on retribution. Now, unbeknownst to them, Hansel and Gretel have become the hunted, and must face an evil far greater than witches... their past. A PC becomes a vigilante after a head trauma. Vanessa, a documentary filmmaker, and she is making a film about folklore. Her best friend Brad was meant to help her, but he instead decides to go on a date with new love Jessica, who he met online. His new girlfriend persuades Vanessa to join him by telling her the house is haunted and would be a good subject for her film, but it turns out she has been lured into a trap and she is a creature from Hell. Quite how she will be impregnated by a female demon will be revealed in the movie. A unique peek behind the scenes of the making of The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. It offers an amazing look at how those radical reptiles were born. In depth interviews, and behind the scenes footage of how the stunts and action scenes were filmed. A first ever inside visit to Jim Henson's Creature Shop shows how the four Turtles, and Splinter and Shredder, were developed and given their individual characteristics. In-depth interviews with designers, artists, and model makers and Michael Pressman, the film's director tell the whole story. See exciting behind the scenes footage. If you love the Turtles, then don't miss this once in a lifetime behind the shells look at the film's most fabulous foursome. A bacteriological weapon developed by the US Government to create a super soldier - spreads an epidemic in a quiet little town in the middle of Eastern Europe. All citizens have been turned into infected zombies. The plan is to bring an atomic bomb into the city's nuclear plant to pretend a terrible accident occurred. No one has to know the truth. A team of mercenaries is hired to complete the mission. The battle is on. Hordes of monsters against the team. Who will survive? Six ambitious forensic undergrads are pitted against one another on a scientific expedition to a remote island, vying to win an esteemed trainee position with the FBI. Unbeknownst to them, the site was formerly used as an illegal biological testing ground for life-term criminals who were then left for dead. The arrival of the students disturbs the resting place, unleashing a pack of zombie criminal convicts who systematically hunt them down, one by one. Eight aspiring actresses are thrown together in a house to compete for title of Scream Queen. Little do they or the crew know that the house is haunted by a ghost seeking revenge. Who will live, who will die in this horror comedy that pokes fun at both reality shows and horror Four stories, represented by each season, with diverse groups of people and the challenges they face after a zombie apocalypse. Trying to create a new life under the most dire of circumstances and dealing with letting go of their former lives, while coping with the constant danger of the infected. Will they survive? Will they want to? The Band Iwrestledabearonce goes on a wild horror tour with the demonic soul of a dead rock star Mirai and Haruna are shooting a show streamed on smartphones which introduces different viewer submitted videos. That day the videos were all of paranormal phenomena, carefully selected alleged accurate accounts of haunted occurrences. In the middle of one video, the image gets interrupted, immediately turning back on to show a footage that was not in the script. The video capture an urban legend rumoured at Haruna's school. A psychic on the show assesses that a certain demonological ritual must be performed in order to rid the school of this phenomena. The director, agents and the two girls go to the school accordingly to find there is more to the video than meets the eye... Mack and Jesse are a father and son survivalist team, in the making. Jesse just wants to do his own thing, his own way. A sudden outbreak of zombies centers on an office building, trapping the occupants. Mack and Jesse happen upon the scene, on their way to an underground bunker. Against Mack's better judgment, they stop and try to help. The situation becomes grim as the zombies breach the building, and the office workers are picked off. Mack and Jesse attempt to lead the remaining group to safety. Can they some how learn to see eye to eye, during a zombie holocaust and save humanity? Percival Pirate goes on a journey to discover his Grandpappy's hidden treasure chest. What he believes is treasure turns out to be four never before seen horror films. The Draymen Estate has become an urban legend. Amongst the sinister stories of unsavoury locals and brutal violence, several people have apparently gone missing. Even the police won't go there. Eter two naive student filmmakers with a well-meaning plan to make a sympathetic documentary of life on the estate. The unlucky duo quickly discovers that problems of drugs and crime in this community go way beyond the norm. This is a community which is about to present the students with material of unimaginable horror - turning their final project int their darkest nightmare. A battered and mysterious VCR...A bevy of lethal video- tapes... These are the building blocks of horror in "DEATH BY VHS". A mind blowing descent into madness and death. Five shocking vignettes, designed to take your sanity and devour your soul! Mild curiosity leads to severe consequences when a couple rents a supposedly cursed video cassette recorder. An urban legend renowned for leaving a trail of agonizing and torturous death. Unbelieving, they take the plunge... And another legend is horrifyingly born... Do you dare give fate a winning hand, and test yourself against the hellish consequences of the VHS machine? Insert Cassette Press Play...DIE! Action/horror story centered on a secret organization formed by the Catholic Church to counteract the rising number of cases of demonic possessions across the country. The story follows a young godless man who is being recruited into the cloth in order to prepare a new generation with the tools needed to stop the rise of the ultimate evil; Beelzebub. Craters of the Moon is a National park in Idaho. A young couple on a cross-country road-trip loses their way in a blizzard and gets stranded, apparently in the middle of nowhere. As the days pass by, their relationship slowly deteriorates, and this slow-burning psychological thriller builds to a horrifying climax in the Craters of The Moon National Park. Five college pals head out of town for a fun weekend, but plans quickly change after they encounter a strange 7-year old girl at an abandoned roadside cafe and offer to drive her home - and come face to face with evil incarnate. Samuel Peters (Edward Furlong), once an ordinary man, dabbles in the laws of voodoo to bring his wife back from the grave. He soon encounters the God of malevolence 'Kalfu' (Corey Feldman), and makes a pact with him to destroy the underworld and bring chaos to earth. In return, he will become 'The Zombie King' and walk the earth for eternity with his late wife. But, as the ever growing horde of zombies begins to completely wipe out a countryside town, the Government set-up a perimeter around the town and employ a shoot-on-sight policy. Trapped within the town, the locals, an unlikely bunch of misfits, must fight for their lives and unite in order to survive. Can our heroes unravel the clues in time and survive or will The Zombie King and his horde of zombies rise on the night of the dark moon? A crew from a paranormal reality television show lock themselves in a haunted psychiatric hospital. They search for evidence of paranormal activity as they shoot what ends up becoming their final episode. In a post-zombie world, where the infected live normal lives, their retroviral drug is running out. When a group of friends decides to follow a car they've seen posted on an Amber Alert, things start to go very wrong. A precocious and obsessive teenager develops a crush on a naive writer with harrowing consequences. In the wake of an apocalyptic viral outbreak, Charlie Russell treks through the wilderness to reunite with his girlfriend, Samantha. As Charlie's journey brings him closer to his destination of Wausau, WI, he must face physical exhaustion, malicious survivors, and perhaps most menacing, his own emotional burdens. With his newfound traveling companions, Charlie must attempt to break his obsessions with the past. He must learn to let it go. A troubled group of children living on the same block are haunted by a talking dog named Labby who brings them on surreal hell-rides between different dimensions and time periods. Set in the small coastal town of Bright Leaf, North Carolina, "Pieces of Talent" centers around Charlotte, a disillusioned aspiring actress working a night job as a cocktail waitress in order to make ends meet. Charlotte catches a break when seemingly chance circumstances put her in contact with a local filmmaker, David Long. David and Charlotte form a quick friendship that leads to Charlotte landing the starring role in David's newest project. David quickly becomes obsessed with Charlotte and begins building his masterpiece. He films each encounter with the ultimate goal of filming Charlotte as his final installment. David is a happily obsessed individual willing to do whatever it takes to make "true art." He utilizes his charm and skills to make something dark and deranged seem utterly beautiful and loving. After becoming infected with the virus that killed superstar Hannah Geist, Syd March must unravel the mystery surrounding her death to save his own life . Barbara Hershey stars as Carla Moran, a hard-working single mother until the night she is raped in her bedroom by someone - or something - that she cannot see. Despite skeptical psychiatrists, she is repeatedly attacked in her car, in the bath, and in front of her children. Could this be a case of hysteria, a manifestation of childhood sexual trauma, or something even more horrific? Actor Eric Roberts stops an interview to recount a horrific nightmare he'd experienced earlier in the day. We enter the nightmare.  While on a GPS treasure hunt in the Palatinate forest four teenagers come across an old US military radio tower station. Back in the days of the Cold War it was part of a secret military program that produced horrific side effects, but has long since abandoned. Until now, when the station is mysteriously powered up again. Famous lake in Carpathian mountains -- lake Synevir -- is known for its rich history throughout the hundreds of years as a place of mystical unexplained events. There is a group of students who decided to spend a weekend at the lake. They did not believe in those stories about lake Synevir and the strange creatures around it. Too bad for them.... Members of a school expedition in Tunisia become accidentally involved in industrial espionage. A group of friends head to a deserted Caribbean island for a surprise overnight bachelor party only to discover that the island isn't deserted. It's actually the home to a secret medical facility. Not only that, there's something wrong with the water surrounding the island... November 17, 1988, is a day of mourning for some... and for others, a lucrative opportunity. On that date, eight university students were found murdered in the old arts building at the college. An anonymous source told police the 20-somethings were in the midst of a local role-playing game, called Chill. The name of the game is to stay alive. But for the players that November evening, few would be getting up for another round. But when a scheming student decides to profit from the tragedy and revive the whodunit game as a web series, the new players soon discover, for some, this game is still all too real... As he helps a young artist with her upcoming exhibition, the owner of a mannequin shop's deadly, suppressed desires come to the surface. When a group of misfits is hired by an unknown third party to burglarize a desolate house and acquire a rare VHS tape, they discover more found footage than they bargained for. A group of wannabe ghost hunters set out to shoot a pilot in the old Hewitt house which is rumored to be haunted, faking everything, and get more than they bargain for. Eventually, things begin to happen at the house that cannot be easily explained. Is the house really haunted? Can anyone be trusted? We are at our most vulnerable when presented with our greatest desires or confronted with our greatest fears. While watching two children on Halloween night, a babysitter finds an old VHS tape in the kids' trick or treat bag. The tape features three tales of terror, all linked together by a murderous clown. As the night goes on strange things begin to occur in the house. It isn't long before the babysitter learns the horrifying truth... the maniacal clown is slowly working his way into her reality. Cosette is cursed. Demons Ghouls and Ghosts from the darkest corners of Hell are summoned to bring her to the other side. Now Cosette and Klaus her protector must face an unspeakable evil in an attempt to free her from this demonic curse. In the wake of the American Civil War two vampires rise and fight to reclaim their land from the inhabitants of a sleepy Southern town. Fowl-mouthed villain Turkie carves through the likes of a rapping grandma, a mindless puppet, a wig-wearing inventor, a bisexual space worm, and their equally ridiculous friends on his quest to recover the last copy of "ThanksKilling 2". Also known as "Turkeys, In, Space!". We were warned in an ancient Mayan prophecy that the 21st December 2012 would be the beginning of the end, but not how and where this new era would unveil itself. Until now. In the near future, zombies have become a protected, endangered species, held in captivity and legally wandering the streets free from harm by the living. But for the loved ones of those who die, sometimes coping is just too much to handle, especially when not everyone feels the dead have a right to exist, and are willing to break the law to rid the world of this new population of the dead. A married couple loses their children while on a family trip near some caves in Tijuana. The kids eventually reappear without explanation, but it becomes clear that they are not who they used to be, that something terrifying has changed them. Set in a university campus attached to a hospital, "Ikiterumono wa Inainoka" revolves around a girl who escapes from the hospital, a strange man, students who talk about an urban legend, students involved in a love triangle, coffee shop workers, men who witnessed an accident, an otolaryngologist who has a crush on a hospital employee, idol university students, a mother who looks for a child and suddenly the characters disappear. Laughing, the world comes to an end. Siskiyou County, California has the most reported Bigfoot sightings in the world. In August of 2009, a documentary filmmaker went to investigate these alleged sightings. After their friend goes missing, five road-tripping friends must confront a violent biker gang, but after they narrowly escape, their nightmare goes from bad to spine-chilling. It has been five years since the disappearance of Katie and Hunter, and a suburban family witness strange events in their neighborhood when a woman and a mysterious child move in. An animated short film produced by Pixar included as a bonus on the DVD edition of the 2004 feature film "The Incredibles." After Sabrina is abducted, she finds herself in an underground lair, forced to do battle with other innocent women for the amusement of unseen spectators. Each of these reluctant warriors has something to lose, but only one will remain when the game is done. An actor in low-budget films called Willie Molina retires because he wants to practice his greatest hobby: hunting. One day in the mountains, accidentally shoots some young who walk beside the weed, wounding one of them. It's a small wound, but the man insists on bringing them home and heal properly, and incidentally to the girls spend the day at home. When they arrive they realize the wealth of man. The reality is that the girls pretend to be damsels in distress, using her charms to rob men like Willie. But when the man gagged, this manages to escape and start the real hunt there. Norwegian folklore turns out to be real when Leo and Elvis encounter a girl called Thale in a basement. A regular cleaning job turns into a struggle for survival, while they're trying to figure out what or who Thale is.  Could Thale be a huldra?  A seductive forest spirit who appears from the front to be a beautiful young woman, but who also has a cow's tale and whose back appears to be like a hollowed out tree. The huldra has been known to offer rewards to those who satisfy them sexually, while death to those who fail to do so and are also prone to stealing human babies. THREE TEARS ON BLOODSTAINED FLESH is a modern, Midwesternized spin on the Giallo. This is the tale of Dominic, a man with a dark past who returns to the small town he's long since abandoned, to bury his niece Lexie, who has recently passed. Dragging his troubled daughter Kendall along with him, he simultaneously reunites with his estranged sister, Stella and reignites a past rivalry with the corrupt town sheriff, Rex Drisko. Convinced that there is more behind Lexie's death than is being said, Dominic begins digging around the town, probing its strange inhabitants, and in the process unearths his own demons and uncovers the town's dark secrets, which include a mysterious cult, a supernatural curse, a masked killer, and a very high body count. Everyone is both a suspect and potential victim, and only one thing is for sure: the Earth will be stained red before Dominic uncovers the truth. Professor David Reynolds applies fresh thinking to the now-familiar story of the 1918 armistice that effectively brought World War I to an end. Simultaneously an exploration of nature and psyche, 'In The Pines' documents a  young woman's hunt for extraterrestrial meaning. Part science fiction, part psychothriller, part poetry - this film crafts a scene viewers will be eager to revisit. Strange events in the open sea haunt two young lovers in this supernatural fantasy. When the couple finds rare gold, they unlock a dark adventure filled with zombie pirates out for vengeance. Six college friends unite for a weekend getaway where they find themselves fighting for their lives after a terrorist attack turns the local residents into rage infused zombies. A pharmaceutical company recruits a well-known scientist to help develop a vaccine against a deadly virus. Adaption of H.P Lovecrafts The Dreams in the witchhouse A female doctor struggling to find her daughter after a long lost World War II biological weapon explodes on a U.S. military base in Bulgaria, turning people into mutant zombies. When ten-year-old Lewis is suddenly orphaned, he is sent to live with his Uncle Jonathan in a creaky (and creepy) old mansion with a mysterious ticking noise that emanates from the walls. Upon discovering that his uncle is a warlock, Lewis begins learning magic, but when he rebelliously resurrects an evil warlock he must find the secret of the house and save the world from destruction. A young tech worker takes a job at a powerful Internet corporation, quickly rises up the company's ranks, and soon finds herself in a perilous situation concerning privacy, surveillance and freedom. She comes to learn that her decisions and actions will determine the future of humanity. A horror film that combines classic monster movie elements set within the backdrop of unpredictable Kansas weather. Start with a mother and her three daughters forced to take shelter from an advancing tornado in a local storm cellar. What is waiting for them underneath is another story entirely. In Highgate London, five young teenagers hoping to witness Pagan activity, camp in historic Queen's Wood on Halloween but soon discover they are part of the ritual when a mysterious Biker hunts them down. Sometimes therapy doesn't work for everyone A group of students participating in an experiment where they're isolated from one another aside from social media connections begin to fall victim to someone in their circle with a hidden agenda. The story of a group of intoxicated lads driving to a music festival, who seriously injure a young nurse in a night time collision. They make matters far worse by trying to cover up their mistake by hastening the demise of their victim. This, they come to seriously regret as they realise the extent of their culpability and as an unseen killer proceeds to take brutal vengeance. Veronica, the new girl in town, is lured into the woods by a group of senior boys looking to make her a victim. But the boys don't know that Veronica's been trained to handle herself in surprisingly lethal ways. Michael Wolffsen (Tyler Mane) receives an urgent phone call and takes his nephew and fiancee and makes the journey home to his only other living relative: his estranged, eccentric (and extremely paranoid) father, Gary (Muse Watson), who is obsessed with building an unassailable compound. Once they arrive at Gary's modest home, surrounded by acres and acres of grounds full of cameras and other security sensors, Michael is surprised and concerned to learn that his father is in the early stages of dementia.  The house is now also covered in supernatural and occult symbols. Welcome to the compound, COMPOUND FRACTURE. Will the stronghold that was designed to save them be their everlasting tomb? On December 16th, 2011, eight people on their way to Las Vegas stopped in the ghost town of Garlock, California. This footage documents what happened. A harmless game of "Truth or Dare" among friends turns deadly when someone--or something--begins to punish those who tell a lie--or refuse the dare. A couple are given a camera and a set of instructions which they must follow or else someone will die. The clumsy and unfunny clown Richard "Stitches" Grindle entertains at the 10th birthday party of little Tom, but the boy and his friends play a prank with Stitches, tying his shoelaces. Stitches slips, falls and dies. Six years later, Tom gives a birthday party for his friends at home, but Stitches revives to haunt the teenagers and revenge his death.  A woman steals her abusive boyfriend's drug money for her three teenage daughters to seek better lives for themselves and a bloody pursuit ensues. The story takes place in the year 2034, two years after the events in Ghost in the Shell: S.A.C. 2nd GIG. Female cyborg Major Motoko Kusanagi has left Public Security Section 9, an elite counter-terrorist and anti-crime unit specializing in cyber-warfare, which has expanded to a team of 20 field operatives with Togusa acting as the field lead. In a small town, a serial killer mutilates the bodies of his victims and leaves a flower on the corpses. The sheriff and his wife/deputy investigate the murders while trying to keep from alarming the citizens. They team up with an autistic hound dog trainer to try to track the killer. In 1945, the members of P.I.A. (Paranormal Investigation Agency) landed in Nazi Germany and defeated Hitler and his evil scheme to unleash genetically engineered man-monsters on the world. What they didn't know was that Hitler's right-hand assistant, retained a vial of his DNA! Now she plans to bring him and his creatures back and start the Fourth Reich. Only Teen Ape and his new team can save the world from doom! The untold story of Katherine G. Johnson, Dorothy Vaughan and Mary Jackson - brilliant African-American women working at NASA and serving as the brains behind one of the greatest operations in history - the launch of astronaut John Glenn into orbit. The visionary trio crossed all gender and race lines to inspire generations to dream big. Brought to you by the biggest Scream fans you will ever know, Scream: Generations is the terrifying story following a group of high school students being stalked and ultimately killed by Ghost Face. But wait a minute... he isn't real. He's just a fictional character created for a 90's slasher flick... but not to all of us. To some, he's a legend. And now, the world's biggest Ghost Face fan is bringing him out of the movies and into the real world. Remember... IT'S JUST A MASK. Anyone can put it on. A spoof of all the "found-footage/documentary style" films released in recent years. When Hamilton High's Prom Queen of 1957, Mary Lou Maloney is killed by her jilted boyfriend, she comes back for revenge 30 years later. Bill Nordham is now the principle of Hamilton High and his son is about to attend the prom with Vicki Carpenter. However, she is possessed by Mary Lou Maloney after opening a trunk in the school's basement. Now Bill must face the horror he left behind in 1957. A couple meet at a wedding near a forest, where they spend the night together. The next morning, they cannot find their way back and must confront strange forces that will push their personalities to the limit. High school girl and four other people were forced to play a X-game to take responsibility for what they did in the past. Two weeks after the events in "Terror at Black Tree Forest" young Mare Strode returns home from Falls City Memorial Hospital. She brutally murders her mother and "escapes" back to Black Tree Forest. There, she dons the original psycho's outfit and continues the cycle of murder with a whole new group of adventure-seeking teens. When an ingenue's sudden popularity threatens to shove her out of the spotlight, a movie star uses black magic in an attempt to derail her career. After being left at the altar, Farrah has a mental break. When her mother announces her upcoming wedding, Farrah seeks help from her jailed love to plot out the perfect murder. A couple of depraved killers find themselves in a different situation when the survivor takes matters into her own hands It's Christmas Eve, and a soon-to-be-shit-canned maintenance gopher (Dan Palmer) is changing light bulbs and cleaning toilets instead of drinking egg nog and making out with drunk receptionists at the annual office party. Unfortunately for this forlorn floor-sweeper, he chooses to use the ladies restroom the very second a zombie outbreak occurs! Will he bowl us over and flush away the undead or (like in his pre-apocalypse life) simply remain ...Stalled? A young woman returns home to care for her gravely ill grandmother, only to begin sleepwalking and envisioning spirits. Ida and Albin are a happy couple. They set off to a cabin in the vast Swedish woodlands to have a fun holiday with their friends. But under the floorboards is an evil that waits to be unleashed. A group of elite soldiers sent to infiltrate and extract the lead science team from Pine Gap, Australia's top secret underground military compound, after it comes under attack from unknown forces. The mission is compromised when they encounter a young woman with no memory of who she is or how she came to be there. As they try to escape, the group quickly discovers all is not as it seems and the facility has become a testing ground for something far more sinister. Osama bin Laden returns from his watery grave and creates an army of zombie insurgents. Four young college students agree to fix up an abandoned home for rent, only to discover the demons within and an open doorway... to Hell. Following a group of students who leaves hateful comments on the page of a fellow pupil who recently committed suicide. Martin (Luis Fernandez) is the star of "Camp Blood", a hit TV show and one of the biggest teen idols of the time. One morning wake up locked in a huge house after a wild party with three girls I met last night. Through a mobile from which can't call, start receiving videos showing the deaths of younger locked in the house, run by a mysterious figure dressed as the murderer who appears in the series starring Martin. Serial killer Countess Elizabeth Bathory believed that bathing in virgin blood would keep her young and beautiful forever. Still alive today, she's found a perfect hunting ground for her "botox" as an abstinence educator in conservative America...but will she finally be stopped by a brave young blogger and reporter for the high school paper? "Nongkrong" features three different men named Aman (Angah), Bada (Sam) and Cumi (Epy) who try to obtain riches through lazy means, by buying lottery numbers. Cumi is desperate to propose to his longtime girlfriend, Lin (Nuremy) while Bada and Aman just want to change their families' lives for the better. The three then decide to meet a Malay shaman in order to obtain winning lottery numbers. The shaman summons a beautiful sea princess to help them, on the condition that Bada weds the princess. However, when the princess transforms into a hideous creature on the day of their wedding, the three of them turn tail and run, and so the chase begins... In 2009, the small town of Cohasset, Massachusetts was rocked with tragedy. A 17-year-old high school senior named Collin Mason murdered three classmates. All the murders were videotaped and uploaded to the Internet via bit torrent sites and for three days, the world viewed the murders of these three innocent teens. Through legal action, the parents of the victims were able to remove all footage from the Internet and the town tried to save face by pretending it never happened. Bootleg copies of this footage are still passed around and downloaded through illegal means. The impact of this video is still being felt in Cohasset today. The video has become infamous, and is now referred to as The Cohasset Snuff Film. Telly Paretta is a grieving mother struggling to cope with the loss of her 8-year-old son. She is stunned when her psychiatrist reveals that she has created eight years of memories about a son she never had. But when she meets a man who has had a similar experience, Telly embarks on a search to prove her son's existence, and her sanity. A computer science student becomes obsessed with finding an algorithm for ensuring certainty in life after his father dies in the 9/11/2001 attacks. In 2007 author Phillip Muirhouse was left alone in a haunted homestead called 'Monte Cristo'. He was there making a documentary that was to accompany his latest book. He also broke the rule of all ghost hunters.... Never Be Alone. The following is video documentation leading to he is arrest. Fifteen years ago, a group of men's lives were forever changed by a strange occurrence. Now, the same group of men will spend a night together ... in terror. The investigation of two horrific mass murders leads to the capture and trial of the psychotic pseudo-hippie Charles Manson and his "family". Patrick lays comatose in a small private hospital, his only action being his involuntary spitting. When a pretty young nurse, just separated from her husband, begins work at the hospital, she senses that Patrick is communicating with her, and he seems to be using his psychic powers to manipulate events in her life. Seven college friends spend their spring break in a remote waterfront cabin only to discover that their happy vacation is about to turn into a hellish trip, as shadowy locals threaten to pick them off one by one. 6 models arrive at a warehouse to audition for a fashion show being hosted by the biggest talent agency in the city. Little do they know, the MC hosting the audition knows their innermost demons and intends to judge them for past sins. A Korean zombie coming-of-age story. Convenience store clerk/film student Mu-Young, gets a chance to make his first movie, a zombie melodrama. The dream project turns into a nightmare. Everything that can go wrong, does. Barely surviving his disastrous shoot, he comes to realize making a movie is like love, you can't do it alone. A movie for people who love movie making, making love and zombies. This Christmas Eve is going to be one the most pleasant that Gerard has ever spent. However it turns into a nightmare when the Christmas tree suddenly springs to life and attacks him with its balls and decorations... As the Dark Lord finalizes his plan to dominate our world, intrepid reporter Carl Kolchinski investigates A troubled teenage girl finds herself in a web of lies and deceit when her stepmother attempts to murder her by sending her to a discipline camp. Marty is the ideal fifth grader--he gets good grades, listens to his teachers and doesn't start trouble in class. But a darkness is beginning to fall over Marty's life, the kids at school won't stop picking on him, his parents just don't seem to understand him, and now Marty must grapple with a terrible secret that threatens to destroy life as he knows it--his big brother is a serial killer! A writer, possessed by a terrifying story hunts for its secret heart in a mysterious landscape. He journeys into unknown, dreamlike places, haunted by the infamous Hum emitted from a strange factory. A story of revenge from beyond the grave, centering on a group of teenagers who unknowingly supply the catalyst for the murdered Jonah's return from the grave. The whole "zombie thing" has been hyped up so much that everyone thinks it's the end of the world! Of course, where one man sees the dead rising from the grave, another sees opportunity. Q had a plan: drive the robbery getaway van, deliver everyone to the safe house and get paid - a nice, simple, plan. Unfortunately, life is never really that simple, and to top it all off, this is the first time Q has been a getaway driver. He's coping pretty well though, considering; TONY (the guy who is 'in charge' of the job) is a murderous nut case, DANNY was shot and is now bleeding all over the money in the back of the van, the Sat-Nav has a mind of its own, there's a guy in the back living up to his name "CRAZY STEVE", the safe-house already has police at it, and this whole "zombie thing" seems to be quickly becoming more of a "zombie apocalypse thing"... A dark figure appears in the night, bringing with him a virus that turns people into monsters. Hoping to gather stories to take back with him to the other side, he meets his opposite, a light figure prepared to do battle with the dark man in order to save the human race... After playing a pagan ritual on a dare, a group of high school students find themselves trapped in an endless cycle of their worst fears. Madara Resort Guest goes missing one by one Wanting to be rich and to be loved by Chery (Arumi Bachsin), Deden (Azis Gagap), consults a clairvoyant called Tante Sun. Her instruction is quite busywork: Deden has to fetch a shroud from a corpse that hasn't been buried overnight. But he gets through. Unfortunately Tante Sun dies when performing a ritual. Having gotten all he wants, Deden lives in anxiety because Sundel Bolong haunts him, trying to collect a pay-off. Not to mention there's the robber ghost demanding his loot that's in fact the source of Deden's wealth. A woman wakes up locked in a small room with no memory of how she arrived there. Unable to escape, and tormented by a series of paranormal entities, she must uncover the riddle of who she is and how she got here. The film will focus before the birth of the twins. It was a set-up arranged marriage for their father Don Luisito Go Dong Hae played by Ariel Ureta to a lady with Korean Sang Kang Kang played by Alodia Gosiengfiao. Go Dong Hae refuses to marry and chose Kimmy and Dora's mother as his wife. In the present, an unexpected ghost is surfacing the family's lives and they found out that Sang Kang Kang that is supposed to be married by their father was already dead and they need to quest for the tranquility of their lives by travelling all the way to South Korea.[4] As Kimmy and Dora accepts the proposals of their boyfriends played by Zanjoe Marudo and Dingdong Dantes, strange things began to happen leading their boyfriends and their father in a comatose condition. Sang Kang Kang is back for revenge, and Kimmy and Dora are trying every possible solution to fight against the revenge ghost. College students are invited to play a game sponsored by a website. When students start the game in the mountains of Colorado, they discover that the stakes they are playing for are not just a cash prize. Ben and Liz are a married couple still coming to terms with Liz's recent miscarriage. Too distraught in the weeks after it, she quit her nursing job, and Ben is struggling to hold on to his accountancy job after a round of redundancies. Things are not that great between them right now. In a bid to make some money on the side to help out, Liz accepts a shady modeling job for Philip, an intense photographer who works from his sprawling house in the middle of nowhere. But Philip isn't what he seems... After a terrible accident leaves Goldman Andrews scarred for life, he spends the next eight years as a recluse living vicariously through reality TV. His wealthy parents come up with the idea of producing a fake reality dating show so that Goldman can pick his wife. Nine women fly to France looking for love and adventure. As private information about their lives is revealed, Goldman narrows down his choice for a wife. The "elimination process" is about to begin. A young girl is being haunted by a ghost spirit, in the shape of a clown, while babysitting. Padak is beautiful and cruel, sad and lively. Planned in 2007, this feature-length CG animation film shares the realistic trend of the recent Korean animation, but manages not to lose the delicate sensibility inherent to animation. The world seen by the live fish in the water tank of a sushi restaurant shows the stifling modern city life of people who live according to set rules. The fish do not know when their life would end, and the power game and conflicts created in small tank provide interesting allegories. The unique characters tailored for a mackerel, flatfish and bass add funny and moving stories. The fish's movement and water texture enhance the true beauty of animation. Also, musical-style scenes that appear at intervals display a feast of colors and lines flowing across the screen with sorrowful music, as if to console the exhausted life of city people. As playwright Victor and director Jessica Mitchum venture into their new dark musical, "Apocalypse Tomorrow" (inspired by Leadbelly's "Goodnight Irene") they suddenly find themselves seduced by an underworld that is being created to preserve the few. WAY DOWN IN CHINATOWN is a surrealistic horror film in the same vein as "Eraserhead" and "The Rocky Horror Picture Show." When aspiring model Jesse moves to Los Angeles, her youth and vitality are devoured by a group of beauty-obsessed women who will take any means necessary to get what she has. A doctor works to cure patients suffering from crippling phobias by placing them inside his invention which induces and controls hallucinations. Driving, lost and tormented in the night, primal fears of the dark and the unknown give way to fear that you have let the evil in, or that it is already there. Jake is the overnight security guard at a highly-secured Self Storage facility in rural Rhode Island. When his friend's party plans fall through, he invites them to his job site to throw a fiesta of his own. There couldn't be a better location: removed, no people, nothing but party... right? Innocent mischief turns a naughty night of fun into an evening of horror. We soon learn that some things were meant to stay under lock and key and certain places were supposed to be left undisturbed. The kids aren't the only ones at the self storage facility who are looking for a night of fun. Young members of 3 New Orleans school marching bands grow up in America's most musical city, and one of its most dangerous. Their band directors get them ready to perform in the Mardi Gras parades, and teach them to succeed and to survive. MANGKUKULOB starring Marvelous Alejo is considered by some as one of the best psychological thriller Filipino film of 2012. Written and directed by RON SAPINOSO. A party held in one of the most haunted houses in the country as a publicity stunt to launch a new liquor company ended with 51 people dead. The police arrived on the scene to find the house on fire. They managed to rescue one person from the blaze, a beautiful model from New York who is not the prime suspect in the murder trial. A camera containing footage from that night was also found in the house and delivered to investigators. This is the restricted footage leaked by a jury member in one of the most infamous murder trials in US history and the first of its kind of include paranormal evidence. Two American teenagers in search of cheap drugs, trespass into the seedy town of Barrio, Mexico. What they find instead is a disturbed story teller and three tales filled with blood, witches and a cannibalistic taco chef. The legend of Yamashita's Gold lures a treasure hunter and his group deep into the Indonesian jungle. Once they are trapped in an abandoned World War II Japanese bunker, they face the terrifying reality that the only way out is to go further in. Two years into the outbreak, SICK roam the land and the remaining survivors struggle day-to-day trying to rebuild civilization. With the SICK more active at night time, three people need to seek shelter in an empty home. A bio-attack by Islamic extremist terrorists causes a sudden zombie outbreak. A small group of survivors at a university struggles to reach a professor's lab where a possible cure to the pathogen resides. Michelle is a typical high school student until one night she is bitten by a strange animal while running in the woods. Her best friend tries to help her understand the changes she's going through, as she becomes a Vampire. Challenged by immortality and hunted by a group obsessed with fulfilling a prophecy about the end times, Michelle finds solace in a brood of Vampires whom she can't figure out if they are trying to help her or kill her. The fight is on! Will it be Immortality or Humanity? Tonight the destiny of one of these races will change forever. It's 1897 and a city is in turmoil; poor souls are being taken, vanishing without a trace. When the local doctor disappears, word travels to his brother, a young country vet by the name of Newlyn Howell. Spurred on to discover the macabre truth by the enigmatic Alexander Pyre, Newlyn stumbles into a twisted web of deception, murder... and villainous vampires. Sam Wheat is a banker, Molly Jensen is an artist, and the two are madly in love. However, when Sam is murdered by his friend and corrupt business partner Carl Bruner over a shady business deal, he is left to roam the earth as a powerless spirit. When he learns of Carl's betrayal, Sam must seek the help of psychic Oda Mae Brown to set things right and protect Molly from Carl and his goons. Two men witness an unexplainable event in the sky as a historic solar storm approaches, and they try to survive as a terrifying life form hunts them. 7 friends head to the wilderness of Connemara, Co. Galway for a weekend break to celebrate the first year anniversary of a close friend. First night in they come across a beaten and bloodied male looking for help as he warns them that three masked men attacked him and took his girlfriend, some of the group head into the wooded area in search as others return to their cars which have disappeared. With no houses for miles and no transport they must walk themselves back but are not alone! All caught on camera "Somebody's There" is a intense rollercoaster that will bring documentary style to another level. In a post-apocalyptic land consumed by "Rottens", a simple farmer and his teenage daughter struggle to survive. Meanwhile, an unruly gang make a plan to kidnap and sell the daughter for their own selfish profit. One year after Mary Horror's rampage, Sheriff Tom has her spell book and wicked intentions of his own. A group of tech-savvy teens stream their wild party online. But when Brie (Alice Darling) wakes up, she's all alone. A sinister smiley message tells her that her friends are each trapped in separate boxes. They've all got their phones, but if anyone attempts to call the police or their parents, the penalty will be deadly. Alpha Girls is about a Sorority House terrorized by an unholy curse of their own creation. Fellini exposes his great attraction for the clowns and the world of the circus first recalling a childhood experience when the circus arrives nearby his home. Then he joins his crew and travel from Italy to Paris chasing the last greatest European clowns still live in these countries. He also meets Anita Ekberg trying to buy a panther in a circus. 25 year-old Dwayne McLaren, a former athlete turned auto mechanic, dreams of getting out of tiny Cut Bank, Montana the coldest town in America. But his effort to do so sets in moton a deadly series of events that change his life and the life of the town forever... A woman reeling from the death of her parents becomes attached to an alluring man whose sudden disappearance sends her and her friends into a haunted high-rise to find him. Italy, 1947. Attilio is a Fascist and disgraced former movie star. Out of desperation, he joins a band of robbers for a heist. After the robbery, Attilio and the robbers take refuge in a house that proves to be deadly. Arrogant, self-centered movie director Guido Contini finds himself struggling to find meaning, purpose, and a script for his latest film endeavor. With only a week left before shooting begins, he desperately searches for answers and inspiration from his wife, his mistress, his muse, and his mother. A couple trapped in a cinema are manipulated into becoming unwilling actors in a film being captured by CCTV cameras. Adriana finds out the son she's expecting suffers a brain malformation that won't allow him to live outside her womb. As therapeutic abortion is illegal in Chile, she must wait until her baby is naturally born. Emily Burns is being held captive in a room with no idea as to why or how she got there. Determined to escape and return to her daughter and husband, Emily discovers clues within the room that help explain what she's doing there. They even provide clues about who she is...but will they help her escape? In late summer of 2011, five young friends on a road trip went missing after being attacked by nomadic cannibals in a huge RV. Video was recorded by the victims &amp; recovered by police as evidence in their still-unsolved murders. Horror - Jose Yenque, Noel Gugliemi, Neil Brown Jr. A group of friends are having a party on a boat. In the distance, a small town watches them in silence. Suddenly, one of them is seriously injured and the group approach the village for help. No one attends, the few inhabitants they find order them to be quiet and disappear into the darkness. The group split for help and strange and terrifying things start to happen, some of them are killed in terrible circumstances. Those who still live, increasingly terrified, discover the reason for all these murders. If they want to leave the village alive and the house where they are locked, they will have to survive in absolute silence. After the death of his wife, a grieving man becomes the victim of a horrific experiment to cure his addiction. Gore, Quebec tells the story of two acquaintances who are set up by their mutual friends on a cottage weekend in Quebec. What was supposed to be an exciting and fun weekend, quickly turns into the blind date from hell, as the Couple discover that the cottage is not safe, and that their friends are already dead. The film begins in a home movie found-footage style, but quickly shifts into a more cinematic style once things start unraveling. With a serial killer terrorizing them, the Couple have to either protect one another to survive, or try to escape separately. Do you protect your fellow man, or is survival a solitary journey? When several beautiful models end up dead at the hands of a serial killer, a successful fashion photographer finds himself in a race to clear his name -- and save his life -- after he becomes the prime suspect. After a fatal accident occurs, Nathan Perry is assigned to the Milwood facility for young adults. During his time at Milwood, Nathan becomes a victim of unforeseen terror and unusual behavior. Michael and Madison Roland had planned to spend the rest of their lives together, until one day Michael's controlling ways turned their perfect marriage. With the help of her best friend, Madison decides to get away. After adopting a new identity, she meets Alex Stone and learns to love again. All is well, until Michael discovers Madison's whereabouts, and recreate the nightmare she once lived all over again. For three years after being forced from office, Nixon remained silent. But in summer 1977, the steely, cunning former commander-in-chief agreed to sit for one all-inclusive interview to confront the questions of his time in office and the Watergate scandal that ended his presidency. Nixon surprised everyone in selecting Frost as his televised confessor, intending to easily outfox the breezy British showman and secure a place in the hearts and minds of Americans. Likewise, Frost's team harboured doubts about their boss's ability to hold his own. But as the cameras rolled, a charged battle of wits resulted. Months after the brutal car accident that killed her parents, sensitive college student Lindsey still struggles with overwhelming grief. Pressure from her brother to sell the family home, financial stressors and failing grades send Lindsey spiraling into a dark pit of depression, her only resource a new friendship and possibility of romance. But when romance turns into vicious betrayal, Lindsey unearths a capacity for violence and bloody revenge from beyond the grave! The film follows the deterioration of a relationship told through the eyes of a man whose brain has been curdled by isolation. So desperate for companionship the man plays out a relationship between himself and a woman that he has killed but it isn't long before the corpse begins to deteriorate and the relationship follows suit. As the world the Man has built around himself begins to spiral out of control he watches on helplessly as it unravels the grim reality and the devastating truth of what he has done and what he must do... New kind of horror films are added to "Kaidan Shin Mimibukuro" series directed by a cult filmmaker, Noboru Iguchi (Machine Girl). The series has four episodes starring a Japanese idol group, S/mileage! Dave Dommin documents a demon invasion in his hometown offering shelter to four people.  Together they struggle to survive the demonic infestation, all the while fighting amongst themselves. Given the country's overcrowded prisons, the U.S. government begins to allow 12-hour periods of time in which all illegal activity is legal. During one of these free-for-alls, a family must protect themselves from a home invasion. A Norwegian independent low budget horror/splatter film. A group of young, hot new actors and crew move production to a new studio in a remote area of a Midwest town. Little did they know, but the killer has a score to settle when everyone on set is stranded in the remote studio with a van that has run out of gas and no cell phone service. No one is immune, not even the tree hugger, land developer or news crew covering a nearby construction project infringing on the habitat of an endangered bird species. Vigilante Dr. Sylvia Trumbull sets out to slay the Pumpkinman, a serial killer who has been terrorizing the women of a small Mid-western town. After years in a mental institution, Ethel is taken in by her aunt. Many people including the head nurse of the institution and a local detective believe letting Ethel leave that hospital was a huge mistake. Kari, Lydia, Chloe and Molly play in a band called the Lolita Dolls. Their best friend Lenny accompanies them on a road trip. During this trip, they visit an old Sanitarium to shoot a music video. They were never seen again. A group of lucky draw winners win a dream vacation on a seemingly idyllic island resort. Yet, all is not what it seems as people start disappearing... one by one. after the electric fence that has kept the natural habitat and the human visitors apart starts to malfunction. Myra, an entertainment journalist, soon uncovers the reality of them being trapped on an island infested with deadly and hungry pythons. Without access to telecommunications for help, the only way to get off the island is via a passenger boat that is scheduled to arrive in three days. A thriller centered on an institutionalized young woman who becomes terrorized by a ghost. It was supposed to be an adventure of a lifetime as three young girls spend the summer in Thailand. But their adventure quickly becomes a nightmare when the trio unleashes the spirit of a murdered child with only one thing on her mind - revenge. 4 friends that Glenn, Pipin, jadoel and Rivet. They are fairly well-known boy band, which often appear in the cafes. Until one night, on the way to a cafe, Pipin, jadoel and Rivet suffered the unfortunate fate as a tragic accident that killed them. After the death, they were still hanging around like any other human. Pipin still pursuing his love for a beautiful lecturer, while jadoel and Rivet are still looking for their love. In a world of fake castles and anthropomorphic rodents, an epic battle begins when an unemployed father's sanity is challenged by a chance encounter with two underage girls on holiday. On his 18th birthday, Johnny finds out that he's come into an inheritance - and his family were a lot stranger than he ever knew... 20 men are chosen to participate in the roles of guards and prisoners in a psychological study that ultimately spirals out of control. A docu-thriller that sets out to uncover the details surrounding the life, brief career, and mysterious death of horror filmmaker Karl Atticus, referred to by some as the forgotten father of the "slasher movie." The film includes interviews with various horror historians and aficionados including Eduardo Sanchez (director of The Blair Witch Project), who posits the question: Why, for 40 years, has the story of Karl Atticus been all but eradicated from the annals of cinema history? This film uses stop motion animation of still photographs to convey images of politics and science in the nuclear era. The advancement of science allows man to do things he never would have been able to do without, for good or bad. Politicians are either behind the scenes manipulating those scientists or are using that science for their own goals, primarily in the space race. Everyday items and people are projected upwards - many in the form of rockets - followed by iconic structures, such as the Empire State Building, the US Capitol, the Washington Monument, the Eiffel Tower and the Kremlin, being rocketed skyward as visual representations of that race into space. A washed-up musician teams up with a teacher and a kids show personality to protect young children from a sudden outbreak of zombies. A struggling actress tries to help a friend prove his innocence when he's accused of murdering the husband of a high society entertainer. Video diary footage as found by New Zealand police. After arriving in India, Indiana Jones is asked by a desperate village to find a mystical stone. He agrees - and stumbles upon a secret cult plotting a terrible plan in the catacombs of an ancient palace. A naive business graduate is installed as president of a manufacturing company as part of a stock scam. A killing spree takes place in a northern China's hospital, an old elevator goes to the 18th floor - underground. Four documentary filmmakers find themselves in Nowhere Else, population 2, in the Australian outback, where the one remaining resident rents them trailers and warns them not to wander around outside at night. After stealing a book on cryptozoology from their host, the filmmakers get an idea of what they're dealing with. But will they heed the warning or risk getting something extraordinary on film? Action epic sees a passionate young man transform into a brutal warrior as he travels the unforgiving landscape in search of his long lost brother Hakan The Ferrocious, whose people are relying on him to restore order to their kingdom. A psychological horror film based on the short story by H.P. Lovecraft. Daniel Upton's relationship with his friend Edward Derby is abruptly changed after Edward becomes romantically involved with Asenath Waite, a hypnotist with an odd reputation. As Edward's behavior becomes more erratic and events unexplainable, Daniel investigates. Is it madness...or something far more terrifying? A male chauvinist guru guides his best prodigy through the art of controlling women, only for the student to find out he is not everything that he seems. She survived a brutal massacre, but lost her life. What happens to the final girl once the credits have rolled? Five years ago, a masked killer brutally murdered a group of friends. Since then, Camryn, the lone survivor, has tried to make sense of the homicidal events and struggled to reclaim her shattered life. Wracked with guilt and paranoia, can Camryn ever have a normal existence again or is she destined to cope alone forever? Part slasher movie, part character study, take a penetrating and intimate look at what happens to the remaining true victim of every horror movie. Perfidia, begins with a heartfelt version of the immortal title track, while the camera records the journey by a route through a snowy landscape and melancholy, the traveler is the enigmatic and silent Gus Chilean Gonzalo Valenzuela, in his first international role in cinema, who arrives in a city in upstate New York, to a hotel where he is staying for a day, while developing meticulous grooming and cleaning routines and expect a phone call that can change your life. A bus load of American students, all jocks, cheerleaders and nerds, are on a culture trip in Europe when they stumble upon a mysterious Hamburger stand in the deep European woods, selling 100% American Burgers. A visit to the Burger Factory behind the stand, renders them trapped in this unknown territory, and they are about to realize that European notion of American Hamburgers is terrifyingly different from what they're used to... The road trip descends into a battle for survival as Americans are treated as cows. Who's going to end up in the slaughterhouse? Will the nerds ever get to score with the cheerleaders? Cliques are formed... Strategies are made... And in the midst of it all they learn a thing or two about friendship, survival, consumerism, horny teenage urges and, perhaps most importantly, to never visit a fast-food restaurant ever again. And the nerds somehow end up having the... Best. Summer. Ever. Mental patient Dwight Stroud (Nick Baldasare) escapes from an asylum and is mistaken for a motivational speaker named Artemis Finch who has money and women at his command. Dwight accepts the craziness of the situation, but as strange faceless figures begin to hunt him down, Dwight must deal with an escalating spiral of supernatural danger and hallucinations. Simon is a motel owner looking to expand business by marketing his motel as haunted. He invites a reality television crew to spend the night collecting paranormal evidence. The crew gets more than they bargained for, however. The level of paranormal activity is higher than usual, which concerns Ted, the crew's leader and television host. There is no turning back, but will Ted and his team survive? Laura Maters, a psychologist attempting to help a mentally ill patient, makes a bargain: She will look after his daughter, and he will stick to bed rest in order to rehabilitate himself. However when she begins to be followed by a mysterious man in a suit, she starts to question whether or not her patient's phobias are in his head, or reality. The amazing true story of Frederic Bourdin, who after having plundered all the centers for runaway minors and deliquents in Europe, even thought he has come of age, now passes himself off as Nicholas Barclay, a 13-year-old American who had vanished three years ago. To his astonishment, Nicholas's family welcomes him like their son, leaving Interpol and the FBI aghast. It is the beginning of a race against time for the investigators, family and Bourdin. But who is manipulating whom? And who is Frederic Bourdin in reality? A year after a tragic car accident, Grace James was beginning to cope with the loss of her fiancee. Until disturbing hallucinations and horrific dreams consume her life, as the days grow closer to the year anniversary. A dance troupe trapped in their theatre by the Zombie Apocalypse discover that the threat doesnt just lie beyond the chained doors, and that there are indeed worse things than being torn apart by critics.  In danger of losing his badge, a big city detective agrees to aid a small town sheriff in a routine missing persons investigation only to discover that at least one girl has gone missing in this sleepy fishing town each year for the last twenty years. When a body finally emerges on the lake and suspects literally crawl out of the hills, the two lawmen realize they're being toyed with and to make things worse, the killer seems to have set his eyes on a group of sorority girls who are not only isolated by the lake, but have their own nefarious plans in mind. Outnumbered and out of options, the two lawmen must solve the mystery of the missing girls or suffer the same fate. A horror comedy about a couple, Aminah dan Hussin, who decide to pay a visit to their hometown with their three children, Azri, Epul dan Rina. In actuality, Aminah longs to ask her mother, Nek Temah, to care for her three children. A well-known shaman in the village, Nek Temah tells the three siblings about the dos and don'ts of the house or they will have to face the consequences. First, they cannot go out of the house after evening prayers. Second, they cannot enter the mysterious room in the house that is sealed with a red tape. However, when Nek Temah goes out to see a patient, Epul hears a sound of a bottle falling from the sealed room. He tries to open it, only to be stopped in time by Nek Temah. A bunch of young movie maker from Jakarta arrived in Bantul, Yogyakarta to prepare for the shoot. Things were normal until the second day when they started to experience unexplained phenomenon. It is as if someone or something doesn't want them to be there. he movie revolves around Arshad, Mona, Zakiah, Ashraf, Daud and Murni who are orphans in an orphanage undergoing an experience that has haunted them since they moved in to a new house. As the orphans were cleaning the house, they come across an antique cupboard and decide to move it to another room. Arshad found a mysterious mirror and gives it to Mona but doesn't know that there is something special the mirror. People in the school begin to suspect that Mona is possessed. The orphans must now plan something to capture the force that is dwelling in Mona - but they must first find out what is the significance of the mirror and the cupboard. The story begins when Mila, a girl plagued with acne, becomes too ashamed with her looks that she goes to see a local shaman to obtain a charm needle treatment. However, the treatment comes with the condition that Mila cannot look into the mirror for 44 days, to which she agrees. At work, Mila experiences a huge change in her life when men start giving her second looks and attention. Elated, Mila runs home to look into the mirror to see the change that has come over her, only to realize that she has broken the condition that she had been given. Her face then becomes uglier than before, and Mila returns to the shaman to restore her face, only to be given another condition much worse than before. Sinners are invited to a theme park where they endure the repetition of their transgressions. What chances do a conniving kleptomaniac, a gullible teenager, and an obsessed father stand when facing their own moral failings? Lucifer and his colorful cast of singing carnies invite you to grab a ticket to The Devil's Carnival to find out! A new night market mysterious pops up in a small village and, one by one, patrons begin disappearing. This doesn't dissuade five young friends from deciding to hold a birthday party there. A family moves into a Model Home and finds more trouble than they bargained for when the mother begins modeling the rest of their lives. The Oxbow Cure is a winter tale of Lena, a middle-aged woman who has recently been diagnosed with a life-altering disease. In an attempt to come to terms with her transforming body, she leaves her home in the city for a new life in remote northern Ontario. While exploring the natural world outside her cottage, she begins to create an interior routine. A frozen lake, mere steps from her front door, is a source of both fear and fascination. After narrowly escaping an ancient burial ground, long forgotten and buried underneath the marshes of Cape Cod, a group of friends emerge from the thick, marshy darkness, tattered and bloody, lucky to be alive. They have already lost two of their friends in the marsh, presumably dead. They stumble upon an empty Cape Cod vacation house alongside the foggy marsh and break in to take shelter. Whatever was in the marsh is still after them and soon after one of them goes for help, the rest of the group learns that the evil in the marsh is not the only thing that wants them dead. Something worse, something more savage, was lying in wait just outside the marsh, in the house. What happens next is unspeakable, horror that cannot be unseen. These unlucky travelers spend their St. Patrick's Day trapped between two evils forcing them to fight, die, or go back the way they came. It's not just a matter of one spirit, it's a matter of multiple possessions in one body. A documentary crew who specialize in recording paranormal phenomena accept a stranger's offer to shoot in his house. As the house begins to reveal its secrets, though, the friends discover that they've stumbled onto something truly evil. Following a deadly viral outbreak, private military soldier Max Gatling leads a handful of survivors and a ragtag band of robots against an army of the infected. On 28 November 1979, an Air New Zealand jet with 257 passengers went missing during a sightseeing tour over Antarctica. Within hours 11 ordinary police officers were called to duty to face the formidable Mount Erebus. As the police recovered the victims, an investigation team tried to uncover the mystery of how a jet could fly into a mountain in broad daylight. Did the airline have a secret it wanted to bury? This film tells the story of four New Zealand police officers who went to Antarctica as part of the police operation to recover the victims of the crash. Set in the beautiful yet hostile environment of Antarctica, this is the emotional and compelling true story of an extraordinary police operation. Andrew, a young, cocky man, misbehaves in a restaurant, something he will regret soon. The abandoned home of Wilfred Butler, a wealthy but troubled man who committed suicide in 1987, has been willed to his grandson, Jeffrey. The house has sat in disarray since Wilfred's death, standing in the way of developers who want to turn the property into residential homes. Just before Christmas 2012, many years after Wilfred's death, Jeffrey and his lawyer appear in town to negotiate the sale of the property. But an Axe wielding maniac has set up residence in the house, and he doesn't take kindly to strangers. Meet Mike, A man whose only goal in life was to bring joy to children... As "Sloppy the Clown". After a cruel twist of fate finds him without his beloved job he goes into business for himself. After a bout of bad luck Mike spirals completely out of control. Witness a good man go bad, then totally mad in... Sloppy the Psychotic. A pervert, murderer, and hopeless romantic, Allen Dean is on a 7-day journey to discovery his real true love. He is torn between Denise the waitress, who he believes he loves, and his first true love, murder. Strange attacks plague the township's women, leaving the town leaders at a loss to defend them. At the same time Mthnuzi, a shrewd businessman, is becoming wealthier and more popular with the ladies - something is amiss. The local reverend, Simon Nkosi, learns that Mthunzi is controlling a Tokoloshe to fulfill his greedy desires. In his greed he breaks a golden rule of maintaining control over the beast and it goes on a rampage. Now its thirst for blood is strong and comes after Mthunzi's women, saving the one he loves for last. Together with Reverend Simon they must take on a mythical beast that has never been defeated, to try and save. After the police find Derek's daughter brutally murdered on the beach, he vows to make the culprit suffer for his actions, even if that person is 'part of the family.'  With careful research into the history of torture, Derek prepares himself and his basement for a week of brutal tactics that will make his daughter's killer feel the pain that he has inflicted upon so many others.  In a time when stranger danger is ever present, a single father learns that it's the ones you trust most who have to be watched the closest. A full length documentary by Sacha Stone exposing the 5G existential threat to humanity in a way we never imagined possible! A new comedy horror film set in the vein of old 1950's and 1960's movies of this popular genre. Co-written by IFTA award winning writer Pat McCabe (Breakfast on Pluto, The Butcher Boy) and British writer and director Kevin Allen (Twin Town), Flat Lake is currently in pre production in Co. Monaghan, Ireland. "Flat Lake" follows the peculiar activities of Sir Charles Wimsgrove who has hatched an eccentric plan to convert the entire area into some sort of crazy Eden-like paradise. However, his plan is thwarted by local journalist Sinead McSwain, who, with the help of Historian, Doctor Guy Bensley, discovers her own unique other-wordly powers that ultimately enables her to put a stop to Wimsgrove's lunacy. Demons and Evil spirits attack a number of families without warning. What is their reasons and endgame to their sinister plot. A group of teens set out to investigate, but soon fall victim to, the legends of Whiskey Hollow Road in Baldwinsville, New York. Lisa Templeton begins a new job as a cleaner at High Hopes Hospital, a mental institution in Amityville, Long Island. Initially delighted to get the job, Lisa soon realises that all is not as it seems. Intimidated by staff and the psychotic ramblings of the patients, she is further unnerved by apparent supernatural occurrences on the night shift. To preserve her sanity Lisa must uncover the mysterious history of the institution and it's inmates. But the truth is far more terrifying than she could ever imagine. A 300-year-old Hungarian vampire/succubus disguises itself as a female high school teacher. The teacher seduces and possesses popular students and sends them out to kidnap promiscuous school girls with the intention of draining and drinking their blood in order to retain her erotic beauty. A group of college friends reunite for a trip to the forest, but encounter a menacing presence in the woods that's stalking them. A action thriller directed by Richard Friedman. 3 interlocking stories from the dark days of World War 2. A soldier on a suicide mission. A troubled family with a monster in their bomb shelter. A supernatural investigator on her most dangerous assignment yet. Earth as we know it is gone. A virus has destroyed the planet and rendered all its women infertile, all but one. An elite team of soldiers are tasked with bringing the woman to safety on the newly habitable Earth Two. But when they are forced underground they find themselves fighting for survival from an bloodthirsty creature in a maze of ever shrinking tunnels. As the team's ranks start to dwindle, the tunnels shrink and the ammunition run out, the crawl for survival becomes more and more desperate. The city is a centre of population and culture. It is also a concentration of built infrastructure, capital and architecture. Megalomania is a short film that perceives the city in total construction; inspired by the incomplete states of world icons such as The Shard and Burj Khalifa. The built environment of the city is explored as a labyrinth of architecture that is either unfinished, incomplete or broken. Megalomania is a response to the state of many developing cities, exaggerating the appearance of progress into the sublime. A high stakes poker game. A drug lord. A million dollars. A set of ruthless killers who want it all. Jessica and her fiance Evan just moved from the city into their dream home on a quiet suburban street. Soon after, Jessica catches her seemingly friendly new neighbor, Simon, in a strange lie and can't let her suspicions rest. The danger escalates when Simon lures her inside his home and imprisons Jessica in his secret bunker, meticulously decorated in the idealized style of the 1950's. An FBI agent and an Interpol detective track a team of illusionists who pull off bank heists during their performances and reward their audiences with the money. Four kids take part in a pervert game - a torturer, the blog's master, four victims, none of them really innocent. This story revolves around a famous poet who meets a woman who is in trouble. In order to treat her, he takes her to Shimla in a big hospital, but soon that woman gets possessed by devil and goes out of control. Now the question remains that what is the relation that poet shares with her which compelled him to go to any extent to save her, why she was possessed by devil and who is the devil. During the troubled shooting of several movies, David, the prop man's assistant, meets an aspiring actress who tries to find work in the studio. Things get messy when the stagehands decide to go on strike. Two goofy hick brothers (Elvis and Aaron), their crazy redneck Momma and sexy sister (Prissy) must exorcise their mobile home of an ancient demon set free to fulfill an end-times prophecy, with the help of a low rent TV evangelist named Reverend Wiggems, or the world will be destroyed. Peaceful, rustic Metzburgh is a quiet village which was a former industrial town whose glory days are long past after the collapse of Metzburgh Grain. Teenager Mark Lowe (Jason John Beebe) and his ex-girlfriend Lucy Greenheart (Sarah Manzella) are stuck in a lovers quarrel when a meteorite crash lands in the passive community. Glen (Robert Bozek ), an ex-employee of the grain silos who became homeless after the collapse of the mills, stumbles upon the fiery crash. Unaware that his find could be dangerous, he gets too close and a chemical poison sprays out of the meteorite, enveloping him. The chemical agent known as Ombis begins to turn his insides into a slimly substance. Unable to stop the spread of the infection, Glen runs onto the road where Mark and Lucy find him. The two take him to the only Doctor in town, Doctor D (Deborah Manzella) Mark and Lucy are shocked by their gruesome discovery and immediately contact the local Sheriff Thomas Brackett (Richard Satterwhite). The haunted Lambert family seeks to uncover the mysterious childhood secret that has left them dangerously connected to the spirit world. Zombie A-Hole takes place in a world that's a bit different from our own. A realm that teeters on the edge of sleaze and comic book stylized awesomeness. It's Planet Terror meets Sin City meets The Good The Bad and The Ugly. All the men are hard-asses, and all the women are bombshells. Just because vengeance is your way of life doesn't mean you can't look damn sexy while you dole out hearty doses of whoop-ass. Everything is just a bit bigger and more interesting than their real life counterparts. This is a an exploitation flick with a southern gothic flair. Written by Dustin Mills Zara loses her child due to miscarriage. Bilal and Zara decide to adopt a child but they don't know what is going to happen to them. When her parents decide to separate, sixteen year old Anna Brooks is sent to spend the summer in a small coastal town with her old fashioned aunt and uncle, Jennifer and David Collingwood. Anna is narcoleptic and suffers traumatic hallucinations as side effects to her medication. Whilst living in small town suburbia several bizarre incidents take place which lead Anna to question her own sanity. Is it really all in her head or is something more sinister going on in the small sleepy town? Meagan Mullen, freshly moved in her new home, keeps in touch with her friends and family through a video blog. As her entries (and her life) become more complex and emotional, strange things begin to happen in her room: and the camera captures all of it. Told primarily from the point of view of an ordinary wireless webcam, The Death of April documents the unsettling activity in an otherwise average girl's bedroom - and the mysteries that surround it. KELLY is a beautiful young 16-year old who, like many teenagers, feels her life has become unbearably dark and depressed. Unable to make a meaningful connection with anyone around her, least of all her workaholic mom LAURA LEE, Kelly decides she'd rather be with her dad, who died several years before. The suicide attempt fails, but Laura Lee gets an urgent wake-up call and is determined to give Kelly some desperately needed attention. Hoping a change of scenery will help, mom and daughter rent a house for a long summer vacation. THE BIG HOUSE ON THE HILL offers peace, quiet, and ... mystery. A defense attorney begins to suspect that her client, who is charged with the murders of a vacationing family, might be more than meets the eye. Two men exploring the Louisiana swamps run into a Bigfoot-type creature. After the passing of her mother, a young woman in a wheelchair since birth, is forced to deal with her sister, brother-in-law, niece and their nanny as they say their goodbyes to mother. When people start turning up dead, Nica discovers the culprit might be a strange doll she received a few days earlier. Darren Mullet, a bullied asthmatic, is driven to suicide by his tormented life - ignored by his parents, ridiculed by his teachers and bullied at school. He returns from the dead to pay his teenage tormentors a final visit. Tony Luke, Jr. stars as Joey Nardone, an out-of-shape boxer, who after 8 years in prison for an unfortunate accident leaves prison and gets a shot at redemption by fighting for one young boy's future - 14 year old Jesus. Tortured by the ghosts of the demonized insane asylum that killed the crew of GRAVE ENCOUNTERS, film students fight to escape death as their own paranormal investigation goes terribly wrong in this horrifying sequel. Two somewhat insane hicks are sent forth by their father to resolve the feud between two families in as bloody a manner as possible. A young man is fired from his job at the sea port and begins to stalk his boss and his beautiful wife. After a blood chilling turn of events, he attempts to escape his past by moving into the lavish mansion previously owned by his boss. The embittered young man tries to assume a new identity and lead a luxurious life, but nothing will prepare him for an unsettling visit by a vaguely familiar guest. After that unnerving encounter, the house will no longer be a safe haven, becoming, instead, a twisted and dangerous trap haunted by menacing spirits. Cassie is tormented by visions of murder. Terrifying images flood her dreams and attack her waking hours. Her dreams are her curse and keep her isolated from the everyday world. Cassie's life is thrown into disarray when a mysterious detective comes to her with a bombshell: He tells her that her visions are depictions of real murders, murders that she couldn't possibly have seen. Cassie's pain now has a face, and she must stop the killing at all costs. The twisted, childlike killer targets Cassie's loved ones, and the race is on to stop her. Cassie is thrown together with her former lover as they scramble towards a shocking revelation that will change everything. A psycho with an insatiable appetite for women's flesh is tracked by a detective. When a single mother begins to experience symptoms of the stigmata, she seeks the help of a local priest and nun to help her understand what is seen and unseen. An eccentric Entomologist tells three dark tales about the creeping crawling insects that burrow through the walls of homes, eat through our intestines, and for some of us, driving us slowly insane. A series of brutal, cult-like murders are taking place at a New England college. Josh Greene, a shy freshman, is the lone survivor of a series of murders that are reminiscent of a similar string of killings some twenty years prior. As he seeks to uncover the secret behind the attacks, he is joined by Detective Forrester, who was instrumental in halting the bloodshed before, and his daughter Meg, who had barely escaped being a victim previously. Zara loses her child due to miscarriage. Bilal and Zara decide to adopt a child but they don't know what is going to happen to them. A cataclysmic impact on the moon signals the beginning of the end for mankind as a vampire apocalypse sweeps across Earth. Four strangers are thrown together in a desperate attempt to stay alive as vampires and their human henchmen try to murder the world. The newly turned vampire Michael and the "Renfields" are but the tip of the spear as The Four Horsemen and Satan himself seek to rule the world. Directed by Indie horror mainstay John Vincent for Evil Genius Entertainment, VAMPIRELAND is a special effects thrill-ride filled with goons, guns, guts, and gore. Written by jdv  (IMDB.com) There is a Japanese style inn located in an out-of-the-way area near Mount Fuji. No one knows if it's in business or not, but the inn is owned by two people: the expressionless host, and his bewitching daughter. The host lures six patrons to stay at his inn for one night. All the guests feel the inn has an odd feel to it, but none of them pays attention to it in particular. In reality, the host and his daughter have a hidden agenda. They are hunting in order to feed the host's son: a huge living zombie hidden away in a locked room, whom these cruel hunters dote on as if he were still part of the family. A twisted tale illustrating conflicts of consciousness, cold-blooded insanity, and the depths one will sink to for the love of one's family is about to begin... Police Chief Jesse Stone, who was suspended by the Paradise, Mass. Town Council, begins moonlighting for his friend, State Homicide Commander Healy, by investigating a series of murders in Boston, leaving Rose and Suitcase to handle a crime spree in Paradise on their own. Jesse pours his energy into his work in an effort to push away his twin demons: booze and women. When his investigation leads to notorious mob boss Gino Fish, Jesse's pursuit becomes hazardous. Five college friends go on a hiking trip in a remote area.  What starts as a beautiful sunny day, turns into a deadly  nightmare.  After an encounter with a strange kid who just  wants to play a game, their car mysteriously dies in the night.  Stranded in the middle of nowhere, they decide to wait it out  and find help in the morning... But not all of them make it through  the night.  As they desperately search for their missing friends,  they stumble upon the haunting truth behind the strange kid, who  has actually been dead for decades, and find themselves  unwilling participants in his deadly game. Elmer takes up wildlife photography A university student and some classmates are recruited to carry out a private experiment -- to create a poltergeist. Their subject: an alluring, but dangerously disturbed young woman. Their quest: to explore the dark energy that her damaged psyche might manifest. As the experiment unravels along with their sanity, the rogue PHD students, led by their determined professor, are soon confronted with a terrifying reality: they have triggered an unspeakable force with a power beyond all explanation. The Pinup Dolls are a hot retro act who put the tease back in striptease. But when an old friend (Suzi Lorraine) hires them to put on a show at a secluded campground, the girls find themselves being stalked by a homicidal maniac with a sick obsession with ice. As they're hunted one-by-one, they soon realize they'll have to rely on more than just their looks to survive this nightmare named Moe. Five friends play a game in a "mysterious" forest with a long history as a beacon for troubled young people contemplating suicide. Sometimes the Dead have unfinished business. A storm from hell brings mysterious strangers . . . who come with secrets. Emma is a struggling romance writer. David is a traumatized war veteran struggling with his past and sleeping in his van. They face an evil and terrifying menace as the strangers appear. Veronica arrives naked. Coby has blood on him. Then the Others come. Sex and murder, lust and deadly vengeance make this a night that the romance writer and her new friend will never forget . . . if they survive. Set in an antique house amidst the haunted saltwater marshes of Cape Cod, like the Sixth Sense, the film marries Hitchcock and the paranormal in a tightly plotted thriller. The Watcher Self is an unsettling psychosexual chiller written and directed by Matt Cruse about one woman's descent into hell. Cora (Karen French) begins her day facing the consequences of a nightmare. Struggling to maintain a normal routine, she engages in a series of emotionally detached encounters and experiences a confusing psychological connection with the strange and elusive Van (Julian Shaw). Then echoes from the past threaten to derail her tenuous state of mind, and Cora becomes increasingly dislocated from her surroundings. Is she going insane, or is it something else? The Watcher Self is about what remains when the layers of sanity are gradually stripped away... and what may or may not be real. Long ago in the Iron Age a shadow loomed over a lonely village. For generations the village youths are stolen from their families and delivered as sacrifice to a mythical beast - the Minotaur, that dwells beneath a great palace. Theo, haunted by the loss of his love in an earlier sacrifice is convinced that the beast isn't real and that his girl still lives as a slave within the palace. His father Cyrnan, the village leader, tries to reason with Theo not to go but Theo is driven by blind rage. He devises a plan and is taken with the other youths who are dragged screaming from their families. Pro wrestling legend Steve Austin stars as a man with no name, no memory and absolutely nothing left to lose. But when he finds himself hunted by both the FBI and the Russian mob, this amnesiac decides to fight back. Pursuit cannot stop him. Torture will not break him. And with every beating, bullet and betrayal, he'll remember another piece of the horror that took away his career, his family and his identity. Now the puzzle is nearly complete, and one man is about to take back his past...by ending a whole lot of futures. Erica Cerra ("Eureka") and Adam Beach (Flags of Our Fathers) star in this explosive action-thriller about collateral damage, stone cold vengeance, and a double-crossed killing machine known only as The Stranger This film is set in the 1930s, and starts with a strange murder in a beautiful Jiangnan river delta. At the scene, all that is left is an exquisite pair of embroidered shoes. An innocent seamstress is suspected and put to death, but the bloody murders do not stop.. Across the world, demonic possessions are on the increase. Two specialists are brought in and uncover a dark and terrifying worldwide plot. With dark shades on and a burning cigarette between his lips, Makoy will do whatever it takes to get back his girlfriend Sonia, who's pregnant with their child. He makes the trip to remote Pulupandan, her hometown, and is quickly rebuffed by Sonia's mother Fely. But Makoy has never been one to give up. With the help of Sonia's father Nestor and his ever-dependable helper Bart, Makoy stays in town to surprise Sonia on her birthday. But alas, Makoy gets into trouble with a group of townsfolk who transform into tiktik--horrific, man-eating creatures with a taste for fetuses that are still in the womb! They are angry, and they are hungry for revenge. Will their thirst for blood and retribution be quenched? Will Makoy finally get his act together, protect Sonia and their baby, and once and for all prove himself worthy of their love? Who will win in the battle between men and monsters? The Franchise Shane Douglas accidentally kills a wrestler in the ring. The wrestler's brother Angus seeks revenge by surrendering his soul to an ancient demon to gain the power to raise the undead. Angus then pays for a private show at an empty prison to lure Douglas and his friend Rowdy Roddy Piper into a death trap. There is an old wives' tale that you should hold your breath when passing by a cemetery lest an evil spirit rejected by both heaven and hell gets inside of you when you inhale. Someone in a carload of college kids on holiday doesn't hold his/her breath when driving by a graveyard, allowing the spirit of a recently executed serial killer to get inside him/her to begin a spree of body-jumping carnage. A documentary of serial killer Wayne Montgomery and his followers. A psychological horror/thriller depicting a backwoods family with a dark secret. In the third installment of the hit Nazi Zombie action horror movie, Outpost: Rise Of The Spetnaz, we discover the horrifying origins of these supernatural soldiers and see them in ferocious gladiatorial battle against the most ruthless and notorious of all military special forces: the Russian Spetsnaz. When Paul, an unemployed writer, decides to rent and live in a house that's rumored to be haunted, he puts his life and his relationships in grave danger as he obsessively attempts to get the story that will finally make his career. Retrospective documentary about the making of "Halloween II." Meet Zach. Nice guy. Terrible taste in women. They leave him, but they never forget him. He's heading into the next bad break-up when the newest fad in H2O drinks starts turning his ex girlfriends into zombies who have one idea - getting back together with Zach! Three friends must stop the Ex's and save the world. Since her childhood, Jessica has been haunted by recurrent nightmares whose meaning escapes her. This peculiarity has led her to study the psychophysiology of dreams and to follow a therapy with Sean, her mentor and boyfriend, to try and understand the origin of her nightmares. Following the death of her maternal grandmother she hardly knew, Jessica reluctantly returns to the family home. Jessica then begins to wander in a nightmarish world inhabited by twisted versions of her family members. She gradually improves her skills as a lucid dreamer and investigates to solve the mystery that gnaws her and haunts the family home... Four teenage friends go on a road trip through Argentina. On their way, they find a castle left abandoned in the middle of a forest. They decide to investigate further, only to discover it's gruesome secrets and former residents. Fourteen souls were left to winter-over on Britain's largest Antarctic base, but nearly six months into winter all contact was lost. When a rescue team was sent into investigate no one was found alive. . . . . . . Cut off from the outside world, the small community gradually become fractured and antagonistic. From out of this dark crucible of malcontent, a killer emerges. In the isolated and disparate group, members are picked off one by one, paranoia ensues and no one is safe. Filmed and edited entirely on location in Antarctica, the story demonstrates that, even in the most inhospitable environment on earth, the most malevolent threat lurks inside ourselves An Indian family decide to stay at home and drown rather than make way for the Narmada dam Three choices. Move to the slums in the city, accept a place at a resettlement site or stay at home and drown. The people of Jalsindhi in central India must make a decision fast. A small group of survivors are left behind after millions of people suddenly vanish during the rapture and the world is plunged into chaos and destruction. Following on the heels of the film, "Please, talk with me", comes: Surviving Evidence. This paranormal thriller is set in the present and seeks to raise as many questions in the viewers' minds as it may answer -- acting as a 'what if' exercise in regard to the relevancy, morality and application of paranormal experience in relation to free will, societal customs and what the future may hold. The Prince of Darkness casts his undead shadow once more over the cursed village of Kleinenberg when his ashes are splashed with bat's blood and Dracula is resurrected. And two innocent victims search for a missing loved one... loved to death by Dracula's mistress. But after they discover his blood-drained corpse in Dracula's castle necropolis, the Vampire Lord's lustful vengeance begins. After spending the night partying at a condemned river creek, the atmosphere is soon lost for quiet teenager Reece and his friends. Headaches and heartaches give way to a terrifying race back to civilisation as a grossly disfiguring virus takes hold on the most vulnerable. Hukluban examines the plight of the cursed woman, Mira, over the span of three eras over six generations and her search for true love and a man. A wager is made, a book of horror fiction is written. It becomes know as, "Frankenstein, or a Modern Prometheus", by Mary Shelley. Though what happens if fiction was fact? Can a soul be immortal. Is everlasting life worth such misery? A young man is held captive by a deranged surgeon and faced with the choice which can alter his life and the life of his loved ones forever. The Tentacle's Claw is the story of one man's quest to use the power of mind control to take over the world, and the one woman who could stop him. Dr. Demonious Horlack has set up his laboratory of horrors in a quiet, seaside town. The former Nazi scientist has devised a way to control simple creatures using the power of the mind. With the help of his assistant Gunda, he has gained power over a giant cephalopod, and is using the creature as his personal assassin. Fortunately for the people of the planet, there is a schoolteacher, Marie LeMay, living in the same town. As the traumatic tentacle attacks start to take their gruesome toll, Marie begins to unlock innate, psychic abilities. Her brain scientist boyfriend, Professor Dick Goodwin, helps her recognize the potential she has deep within the recesses of her mind. The stage is set for an epic, psychic showdown. But can she prevail... A deranged undertaker kills various people to keep as his friends in his seedy funeral home. An over-the-top horror/comedy that centers around a small Texas town terrorized by evil possessed baby dolls! When a crisis threatens to destroy their high school, four teens hatch a daring plan to raise $10 million. Step one? Breaking into the U.S. Mint. Two friends Dennis and Joe join the military together. While on a routine mission, the two are quickly surrounded by enemy fire. When Joe stands up in the line of fire to run, Dennis pushes him out of the way and takes a bullet in the throat. Dennis wakes up in hospital to find Joe rewarded as a hero. Joe told a lie and took all the glory, and Dennis was left as a mute from the accident. Dennis can't talk, but actions speak louder then words. The two return home to N.Y. and now the war rages in the streets. Dennis wants revenge on Joe, so he will kill everyone close to him. A worldwide filmmaking collaboration. Composed of fifty 2 minute scripts by different writers, with each script to be filmed by a different filmmaker they will be edited together to make one feature length film. Following the release of Zombie Women of Satan, the movie about the events of the first film, Pervo's career hasn't quite gone to plan. Shunned and unwanted, he's a fading star. But not to be defeated, he returns to this sequel with a new manager, a trusty bodyguard and the beautiful actress Dahlia Von Rose as they tour the country promoting their new movie. With things looking bleak though, it seems Pervo's fifteen minutes of fame are just about over. However, a chance encounter with a mystery millionaire could turn all their fortunes around. But is it a chance encounter? Or a diabolical revenge plot? Lured to a party at an enormous mansion, all is going well until those zombie women escape and end up running wild. Lisa Boeri is at the top of her corporate career. At night she frequents the notorious Club Tulpa, owned by a mysterious Tibetan guru. Unshackled from repression and guilt, Lisa will do anything with any stranger to attain a higher consciousness. However, when her lovers start getting murdered in shocking ways, Lisa can't go to the police because the scandal would impact her day job. Foolishly she tries to unmask the assassin herself, with truly nightmarish consequences. A family goes on its weekly outing to the movies. Complications ensue... An evil is unleashed in a small town when a logging company sets up shop in the neighboring woods. Isolated and threatened, a mysterious force hidden within the trees outside the small town of Maiden Woods, strikes fear in the townspeople as Sheriff Paul Shields attempts to overcome the demons of his past while protecting those that he loves. A troubled young woman must finally come to terms with her horrific past as she is propelled through dreams into the terrifying fairytale world of the Red Kingdom where she encounters figures reminiscent of her memories and fears. 'Red Kingdom Rising' is inspired by 'Alice's Adventures in Wonderland'. It is a story of two sisters with different personalities, Maya and Lila. Lila is a tender woman with strong religious faith while Maya, her elder sister, believes in the mystic and magic, and practices sorcery.  Lila is raped by four young men and dies. Maya then avenges her sister by way of sorcery toward the four young men. And so begins a terrifying ritual: the dispatch of atrocious witchcraft to Robert and his crony, that is "Erotic Black Magic". One by one they die mysteriously by Maya's sorcery, aided by Lila's ghost. It is an omnibus; Wayang Koelit (Leather Shadow Puppets) -- Chairun Nissa and Adi Baskoro. Pasar Setan (Ghosts Fair) -- Adriyanto Dewo. Kotak Musik (Musical Box) -- Billy Christian and Adi Baskoro. Loket (Ticket Booth) -- Harvan Agustriyansyah. Palasik (Palasik is a mystical creature of West Sumatra, believed as a beheaded figure who's thirst for blood) -- Nicho Yudifar. Sarah and Isolde share an interest in the traditional music and dance of the Balkans, but it turns out that shared interests don't always unite them. Their trip, initially a fun bonding experience, takes a southward turn when Sarah becomes interested in handsome fellow camper Steph. A seemingly innocent romantic overture touches off an abrupt shift in the dynamic between the two girlfriends, steering a previously ecstatic camp outing down a psychological rabbit hole. A horror feature film about 4 girls who move into their first off-campus house only to find that the owner is a soul-eater. A tale of magic and murder unfolds after a young girl discovers an old family chest. On the way to the hospital, a man and his pregnant wife are both murdered while she's in the middle of giving birth. And then the men responsible for the deaths start mysteriously dying. Brought up in a criminally corrupt town local psychic Glen Parsons is no stranger to crime but when his beautiful wife and unborn child are brutally murdered and he is left seriously wounded; something snaps.  Detective Lance Steel is a corrupt cop whom uses the badge to exploit the innocent and corrupt. He soon crosses paths with Glen and finds himself battling the xenophobic young man's furore. As more and more bodies show up bearing Glen's mark a relentless criminal investigation is unleashed, entangling Steel and everyone around him.  The gift of foresight was once a tool Glen used to help the desperate but now with a haywire brain the line between good and evil, sanity and insanity blur in a crescendo of blood-splattered violence. Vampire Barnabas Collins is inadvertently freed from his tomb and emerges into the very changed world of 1972. He returns to Collinwood Manor to find that his once-grand estate and family have fallen into ruin. Irina is dying. A predator who stalks streets at night looking for blood, she has lived over a century; tormented by memory, living in a run-down motel by the sea, Irina has reached the end. Her perceptions skewed, her body and mind revolting against themselves, she waits for an exit. Her private hell is echoed by the motel manager, driven by an obsession to protect Irina and keep her secrets safe, and a broken prostitute whose desperate plight may be worse than Irina's. It's the tale of three people living a life on the fringe, trapped in world of literal and figurative decay. Manny has moved to a new school, and it's not easy to fit in. After wishing he had more friends, Manny finds a mysterious collar and puts it on Rufus, the family dog. Suddenly, Rufus turns into a boy! Manny's not sure what to do, so he enrolls Rufus in school. When the other students notice Rufus's silly dog antics -- chasing squirrels, eating without utensils, asking for belly rubs, and catching a soccer ball with his mouth -- he immediately becomes the most popular kid around. Manny is jealous of his new best friend but eventually learns that a dog's loyalty to his owner always comes first. Killjoy is back in the fourth installment of the demonic clown series. This time Killjoy is being accused of not being evil, since he let one of his victims(Sandie) get away. Killjoy must rely on his only chance of proving how evil he really is... get Sandie into hell as his witness. The Desmond - the building's pleasant sounding name hides a troubled past. The high rise has a long history of fires, murders, madness and even colonial era genocide upon the site. The towering building has stood empty for the better part of a century and even squatters dare not enter it's fortress like walls. But now Johnny Craig, the host of the popular TV paranormal investigation show 'America's Most Haunted' is planning to do a prime-time special from inside The Desmond. With no known way in, or out, Craig has contacted a group of urban explorers to help him and his film crew enter the building. But when Craig and his team set foot inside The Desmond the events that caused the building to be abandoned in the first place begin to repeat. Robbie Levinson and Trey McCoy suddenly encounter intolerance and hostility at the hands of their new neighbor, Chris Boyd, the son of a fundamentalist preacher. With creative ambition and a mission to ride that which has never been ridden before (longest chain ride on a bike) inspired me through the production of this film. With an amazing director and original music score, it is my delight to offer you CRUX!!!  Bonus Content includes my video segments from:  The Collective  Roam  Kranked 6  Leaps &amp; Bounds  Freeride Fundamentals  ES2 Fully Loaded  CRUX defined: a particular point of difficulty.  This singular word precisely describes the riding formula of the film. Each and every line that the featured athletes, Ryan Leech, Dylan Korba, and Thomas Ohler ride has a CRUX. These three riders, aggressively pursuing Leech's Manifesto Style, execute mind-bending feats of bike mastery.  Combining shear difficulty with an elegant and creative style, CRUX is a film that redefines technical riding standards. Lee Hanlon, the smartest student at an elite military school called the Complex, is intrigued by the academy's Black Skulls brotherhood but finds himself thrust into the role of global savior when he discovers their devilish origin. A Harvard Medical School graduate takes a position at a mental institution and soon becomes obsessed with a female mental patient, but he has no idea of a recent and horrifying staffing change. This creature feature tells the story of a an old grumpy man (the hermit) on revenge, a pack of hunters and a rugby gorilla mascot running for his life, with one thing in common: an alien being that has crashed to earth, eating anyone in its path. Now it's up to the heroes to stop this menacing creature at all cost. A young man leaves his job as a fisherman and falls in love abroad. Poverty stricken lovers Eden and Matilda have enough trouble just getting through the days, but when Eden buys a pet spider the real troubles start. Two high school filmmakers decide to create the illusion of a haunting on an unsuspecting neighbor. Damien Shadows introduces you to 5 blood curdling horror films, all of which are actually enchanted and or cursed. Damien shows you how to ward off the spirits after each terrifying tale in this anthology. From demented sisters, to panty raids gone wrong, to killer mimes and bad periods, this film will take you on one wild ride! Two couples go to a Haunted House Amusement where the two girls are taken by a Demon that has been risen from hell and his henchman . A rock singer makes a deal with a mysterious doctor who promises to return his voice with horrifying consequences. Once, Rui has aimed at a singer. However, now, she was frustrated and was doing the hostess's work in the country. When Rui goes home together with a friend's Tsunko, She met Momoko, the rival at the time of her having aimed as a singer. Momoko became an idol singer and was successful. On the grounds that Momoko has ridiculed Rui, Rui killed two friends, her and her. In order that Rui may escape a crime, She formed the idol group together with Tsunko pretending to be Momoko and others. This rare film of Steve Carter's play features many of the leading actors of the era before they went on to achieve international fame, was shown on WABC in New York, and has not been seen since. An emotionally charged drama of family, friends, and former lovers confronting the ghost of the family patriarch at his funeral. Based on George Bernard Shaw's PYGMALION, the story concerns a professor of phonetics who attempts to teach a zombie woman to be a proper English Lady. Set in an English woodland countryside, Debra and her best friends Jamie and Nancy pick up Dan, Nancey's ex, to go out to the woods to score some weed. Unknown to them a killer who resembles death is cleansing the countryside. With a wannabe policeman and an assortment of the public out for some fresh air, the woods are no place to go down today. On the anniversary of their grandmother's death, four cousins, as close as brothers, reconnect on a road trip to the Texas Rio Grande Valley to pay respects to the woman who helped raise them. Hidden beneath their friendship, the truth of their childhood surfaces to reveal a darkness in the family that won't stop until the cousin's lives are changed forever.  Blending comedy, Mexican folklore and terror, Blood Cousins puts a new spin on revenge films and defines the word,'retribution'. A struggling young couple stumbles upon a cache of dirty money after a shootout in their apartment building. 15 months after the apocalypse, a group of survivors are forced to take refuge in an abandoned school, where they encounter a mysterious zombie with the power to bring the undead back to life. British horror anthology with 9 different tales. New mom battles the evil lurking within as her adulterous husband hides a dark secret that may lead to the human extinction. A team of astronauts on the first mission to Mars crashes onto the surface, losing contact with Earth. With no other recourse, and help millions of miles away, the crew is forced to make desperate choices in order to stay alive. Will they be able to survive as the minutes slip away?  When an eccentric practical joker dies, he divides his fortune among four heirs. But before they can collect the cash they must each do something which goes completely against their nature. Bingo, the runaway circus dog, is off the leash and saving Chuckie's life! Bingo and the boy become the best of friends in this canine comedy featuring doggy disguises and skateboarding, pinball and prison. Chuckie and his parents (Cindy Williams and David Rasche) are moving house, a thousand miles away, but Bingo won't be allowed to join them. Chuckie and Bingo's determination to be reunited is t Five college students wake up in an abandoned, locked-down insane asylum - with no idea how they got there and no means of escape. They discover that they are the subjects of secret experiments, but these tests have awakened something that cannot be explained by science. The group must now fight to escape both the human and supernatural threats if they are to survive and break out of their prison. Set in Iquitos, the story follows Andrea (Airam Galliani), a 15-years-ago teenage girl, who suffers the death of his father. With the help of his friends from school, encourage her to contact him using the ouija. However, this triggers a series of terrifying events. Meet John Wolfman - politician, single parent and werewolf. A man whose (hairy) hands are definitely full. Not only is he trying to stop his opponents from selling the US to China (by way of the controversial CHIMERICA Bill), but also solve a series of grizzly murders in the capitol. Add to this a crazed Mad Scientist, Smokey the Bear, a Miss Teen Beauty Pageant and a race against time to save his 8 year old son Bobby Wolfman from a murderous Vice President, and you have a movie that will keep you howling. Made entirely from recycled, stock &amp; public domain footage with a newly scripted, scored &amp; re-voiced soundtrack with enhanced visuals &amp; post production. You've simply never seen anything like it before. After a nuclear attack in Tokyo, the female population is attacked by infected males who have become sex-crazed zombies, hungry for human flesh. Officeworker Momoko and nurse Nozomi seek shelter in a Shinto Shrine, where they meet housewife Kanae and school girl Tamae. With no choices left to them, the group of girls decides to take a stand and arm themselves with assault rifles and explosives to fight off hordes of horny zombies. What is the secret to killing the zombies for good? No overview found. Two roommates deathly afraid of ghosts both fall in love with a girl who believes their home is haunted. In rural Connecticut, baseball players Ben and Mickey are trying to survive a zombie plague. They are forced to form a battery: a catcher and a pitcher who work together to outwit the batter, the one who hits the ball. And the batter in this case just happens to be a zombie. Tough Ben and gentle Mickey frequently disagree on the best way to go about the situation. Then they suddenly hear a human voice through their walkie-talkies. Is salvation nearby, like Mickey thinks, or is Ben's suspicion justified? A group of friends head off for a secluded getaway and encounter more than they bargained for. "Nothing good happens at this lake, " warns Ol' Mr. McAvoy to a group of unsuspecting campers looking forward to a sex and alcohol fueled romp at a secluded lake. Little do they know the lake's sordid past, horrible atrocities, and the resident of the lake who does not take kindly to visitors. Third in the Nunsense series of musicals. A young American Veteran gets involved with a gang of Venice Beach psychos who are killing people to extract a psychedelic compound from their victim's adrenal glands. Bloodsucka Jones rises from the pages of legend to help a chronically confused David and would-be vampire hunter Tony, save David from his vampire girlfriend's brother and his pop-collared cronies. A horror comedy centered on a guy who learns that his unusual stomach problems are being caused by a demon living in his intestines. Former pin-up model and actress Ginny had been cast aside by the heartless and exploitative modeling industry when she was a young woman due to her body type. Ginny didnt take rejection well and over the years developed into a revenge seeking, blood thirsty, broken woman. When her new neighbors Debbie and Sal move in, Debbie begins to notice strange things going on next door. Sal credits it to Debbies psychological instability and believes she is seeing things, falling deeper into her psychosis. Debbie is obsessively determined to figure out what secret life Ginny is leading. Her new nosey neighbor throws a damper on Ginnys lifestyle activities; such as her cannibalistic food addictions and ever growing body count. Both women become determined to put an end to the others obsession. A group of people try to survive an attack of bloodthirsty zombies while trapped in a rural Pennsylvania farmhouse. When a small town is overcome with a blood lust, the local Witch Doctor is thought to be the source. What they don't know is that he has a different agenda. When a hopeless stag party goes on a mock zombie survival weekend, an unfortunate turn of events leaves them fighting for their lives. Bret Fitzpatrick (Joe Ciminera), a wealthy real estate investor located in New York, is caught between reality and the supernatural. There he crosses paths with people who are in a stationary place for the terrible things they have done in their lifetime. As Bret begins to wake up to the dark forces from his devastating past, he confronts members of the underworld and has 24 hours to redeem himself. When a beautiful young housewife is murdered in cold blood, a private community is turned upside down as the killer picks off stay-at-home moms one by one. Two detectives are led into the heart of suburban America, where power, money and sex rule. With time running out and body count growing, can they solve these crimes before more housewives fall prey to the slasher? Four beautiful girls spend the weekend at a charming holiday cabin. But all is not how it seems. They quickly discover that maybe they are not alone.  On October 31, 2011, in North Hollywood, California, a group of high school friends decided to document their halloween night out.  What they end up documenting is a horrific bloody attack that quickly becomes the worst night of their lives. This film is the compilation of the footage found that night. Many years have passed since the tragic events at Blood Fart Lake, where Jimmy dispatched a bunch of party going, cabin dwelling kids before he could be stopped by Ben Scrivens &amp; his red neck pal, Leo Dechamp. Now Jimmy has returned, this time preying on a group of "Spirit Hunters" searching for the truth to his killings, &amp; Ben must track down Leo before they're added to his list of victims! A young couple plans to have a rockabilly themed wedding out at the old farm, despite warnings of a West Nile Virus outbreak. Things go horribly wrong when the virus spawns zombie-creating mosquitoes, who begin to feed on the wedding guests. When their daughter is kidnapped by experienced nappers (Bacon and Love), the Jennings' (Theron and Townsend) turn the tables on this seemingly foolproof plan. In  Mexico City, there is a building where supernatural events happen. It seems as it is just one more construction, but those who risk to go inside know that there is something different. A desperate woman, moves to this building where she will face supernatural events that her will push her to the limit. Return to the Class of Nuke 'Em High follows a young couple that are up against the school glee club. Unfortunately, the glee club has mutated into a gang called The Cretins. When the other students begin to undergo mutations, our couple must solve the mystery and save Tromaville High School Four college students rent and live in a house in Riverside, California. Two of them, Nick and Darren, are film majors at nearby UC Riverside. After receiving an assignment to create a home-made reality show in one of their film classes, they start filming themselves and mount security cameras throughout the house. Unexpectedly, they unearth an ancient Aztec Sarcophagus in their backyard. Unexplained events started occurring at the house following the unearthing of this Aztec relic. Do You Like My Basement? tracks how one man's creative frustration bore a need to make the perfect horror film. Stanley Farmer was rejected universally by the film world. His frustration provoked a darker side and soon cunning, guile, devilish charm and a sociopath's streak compelled him to produce a home-made magnum opus. A film that blurs the lines between reality and fiction and demands the attention of the very world that spurned him. Marcos Vela is a prestigious gastronomic journalist who accepts the request of an independent publisher to write an article on the recent emergence of the Clandestine Restaurants. Two brothers drive to Shallow Creek, Louisiana to spread their grandfather's ashes over the Shallow Creek campsite pond. What they didn't bargain for was a cannibalistic cult, terrorizing the population of Shallow Creek, that is now out for their blood. Confined to an asylum for the criminally insane for the past four years, Nica Pierce is erroneously convinced that she, not Chucky, murdered her entire family. But when her psychiatrist introduces a new therapeutic "tool" to facilitate his patients' group sessions -- an all-too-familiar "Good Guy" doll with an innocently smiling face -- a string of grisly deaths begins to plague the asylum, and Nica starts to wonder if maybe she isn't crazy after all. Meanwhile, Andy Barclay, Chucky's now all-grown-up nemesis from the first three Child's Plays, races to Nica's aid. But to save her he'll have to get past Tiffany, Chucky's long-ago bride, who will do anything, no matter how deadly or depraved, to help her beloved evil devilish doll. A young girl contracts what she thinks is a sexually-transmitted disease - but is actually something much worse. Corazon revolves around the love story of a married couple during the times of Japanese rule in the Philippines who's having a hard time conceiving a child. After joining traditional fertility rites in honor of certain patron saints, their prayers are eventually answered but unexpected circumstances will lead to their baby's death. At which point the conflict of the story will begin A crew from a paranormal reality television show lock themselves in a haunted psychiatric hospital. They search for evidence of paranormal activity as they shoot what ends up becoming their final episode. Sequel to the 2013 film 'Haunted' The film tells the story of documentary filmmaker Michael King (Shane Johnson), who doesn't believe in God or the Devil. Following the sudden death of his wife, Michael decides to make his next film about the search for the existence of the supernatural, making himself the center of the experiment - allowing demonologists, necromancers, and various practitioners of the occult to try the deepest and darkest spells and rituals they can find on him - in the hopes that when they fail, he'll once and for all have proof that religion, spiritualism, and the paranormal are nothing more than myth. But something does happen. An evil and horrifying force has taken over Michael King. And it will not let him go. The final night's work approaches for the staff of an insane asylum. A minimal crew of security and researchers remain to ensure the patients behave as expected before their transfers to a maximum security prison. Struggling with memories of abandonment, Dr. Helen Kingford finds herself on the brink of quitting her job as a psychologist. Following his forced retirement, the hospital's head of security decides on a destabilizing course of action leading to chaos and destruction within the asylum. In the confusion, all of the dangerous patients escape their padded cells. Confused, Dr. Kingford awakens finding herself tied up in the hospital morgue. Not knowing who to trust, she finds herself running from everyone in an attempt to survive. A married couple suspect that the 'smart apartments' in their high tech residence are being used by its owner for sinister reasons. Five young men convene on a mansion to meet the mysterious AMINA, who has lured them there to become her new consort in the immortal life of a vampire. An evil preacher in the late 1700's leads an angry church mob to murder a farmer and his family in order to steal his land. In his dying breath, the farmer incites an evil curse and vows vengeance. One fateful Halloween night, the curse is accidentally unleashed and a group of teenage friends must now fight to stay alive and solve the ancient mystery before the whole town is doomed for eternity. The inhabitants of a small town and it's very popular diner have to fend off a nasty infestation of hungry zombies. On Saturday, May 17th, 2008, police responded to a residence in a remote area of Bucks County, Pennsylvania for the report of a missing person. Upon their arrival, a routine investigation was performed and it was determined that the situation did not require police intervention. When the police returned the next morning to do a courtesy follow up, the house was immediately found to be the scene of a crime. Jebadiah lived on his land for many years. He worked the land, and kept it alive. Jebadiah also hated trespassers. When he died defending his right to remain on his land, he was buried there. That was a month ago. Now there are strangers on his land again, and they want to make his land their own. Jebadiah still hates trespassers. Six of seven tourists in a east European castle overnight are victims of a helper of the devil. Is Satan willing to spare their souls? Jazz saxophonist Stan Getz and his cool West Coast sound created an enduring legacy via his performances and dozens of albums. Getz possessed an unerring sense of melody and a proficient technique, but it was his rich and distinct tone that branded him as unique -- or so said countless musicians and critics. Getz's last, peerless concert recording, presented on this disc, was captured live in 1990, one year before his death. A low budget filmmaker is shooting a documentary about his early comic mishaps in film, making and pointing out some of the pitfalls of British film-making. When he is asked to film a rave being held in a well known haunted Suffolk wood, things take a far more serious turn for all involved. Reg and Lindsay run an organic fertiliser business. They need a fresh supply of their "secret ingredient" to process through the meat grinder. Reg comes across two guys and a girl with a broken-down vehicle on their way to a music festival. A horror / comedy about a group of kids in the eighties that get trapped in a skating rink overnight and are killed off one by one by hideous demons. A mysterious man arrives in a small town where a series of grisly, ritualistic murders have happened. After saving young woman's life, he informs her that she's being hunted by supernatural creatures and that he's come to protect her. Jack O'Keefe is a young, streetwise kid who's created a life by taking advantage of the people around him. Things change, though, when he witnesses a gruesome murder on the streets and is pulled into the vicious world of mysterious killers. In this film, we see the world through the eyes of main character Justice, a young African-American poet. A mail carrier invites a few friends along for a long overnight delivery run. Abused, broke and down on her luck, Sarah is given a new shot at life when she moves into a new apartment. At first the apartment seems to have been the right choice for Sarah, she even meets some new friends including Sid (Jason Mewes). But before long tenants begin disappearing, when Sarah and Sid go looking for them, they discover an evil lurks, hell bent on not only taking over their building, but the city as well. As Sarah and Sid fight for survival, the bitter and vengeful ghost begins inhabiting the bodies of the tower's tenants turning them to bloodthirsty zombies. A woman once possessed by a mysterious entity uncovers a shocking secret about her past and must face the demon that is lurking inside of her. A man is haunted by visions of a beautiful woman. When he finally meets her, he winds up involved in a satanic cult. The story involves a young waiter Sebastian, who meets an older man, Max. It seems that Max has a fascination with violence and is looking to indulge his fantasy. So, when the two men meet a perfect stranger, it seems only fitting that they kill him. The two then move from feeling guilty to feeling exultation, and soon they're on the hunt for more victims to feed their rush. They both have a female friend, both of whom know that something is going on with their friend, suspecting that this relationship isn't exactly healthy. A community rushes to a faith healer after learning that one of them was miraculously healed from a deadly disease by the same person. They are torn apart afterwards as the healing brings them a terrible curse that wreaks harm and death. Believing that he killed his daughter instead of saving her from kidnappers, Zhang Li is dismantled. He finds himself lured to China seeking solace in pain and blood at Paradise Hotel where every carnal and beastly desire is satiated. With a savage boss, the terrifying Burnt Man at the helm of the underground brothel, no perversion is turned away. A group of complete strangers find themselves isolated by a wealthy madman on his island compound. They are forced into a horrifying gauntlet where they must survive a barrage of ever deadlier species of shark. When 3 college kids take a summer job its a chance of a lifetime to bartend at a bar in the middle of a lake! The bar has been around for over a hundred years and is presumed by many locals to be haunted, after the owner killed himself many years before. Unfortunately they miss the last boat off the island and are stuck trying to find a way off. As darkness falls, they quickly realize things are very different after hours as they are hunted by the paranormal caretaker. A rock and roll horror fantasy where we meet the immortal Louise and her beloved Charlie. Unfortunately, due to Louise's supernatural origins, every man she sleeps with must die! Charlie was Louise's first love from the 1920's, who she accidentally killed before realizing what she is: a descendant of Lilith, the mother of all demons! This race of women must feed on the souls of men once every full moon, or else they will menstruate to death. Now a hundred years later, Charlie returns reincarnated, and Louise must struggle with staying away from the love of her life, or risk losing him a second time! PMS has never been this deadly! An Evil force is summoned on All Hallows Eve, and now the sleepy town of Hallowed Hill will endure the dark Lords vengeance. Is a horror comedy movie which has a touch of Malaysian culture especially the Chinese. This movie contains four different stories and uniquely blends together which contains elements of fear, mystery, love and humor. A very suitable movie which surely will entertain all ages and races in Malaysia, as 85% of the worldis population believe in ghost. At fictitious Tait University in the Roaring '20s, co-ed and school librarian Connie Lane falls for football hero Tommy Marlowe. Unfortunately, he has his eye on gold-digging vamp Pat McClellan. Tommy's grades start to slip, which keeps him from playing in the big game. Connie eventually finds out Tommy really loves her and devises a plan to win him back and to get him back on the field. Relationship Therapist, Dr. Jill Peterman, had the highest-rated call-in radio show when her world was pulled out from under her following the on-air suicide of a female caller named Alexis. Shaken to her core, Dr. Jill walked away from her show vowing she would never go back. That is until Stuart, the station's General Manager, pleads with her to reboot the show in an effort to bring followers back to the station. Still haunted by what happened, Jill agrees to help her friend out and believes this will be the perfect remedy to put her year-long anxiety to rest. As Jill starts to settle back into her show, mysterious call-ins start happening forcing her to believe there could be a copy-cat out there. What Jill begins to uncover is a web of secrets and lies stemming from the mysterious voice she has come to know as Alexis. A husband and wife lie to each other about their weekend travel plans, only to both show up at the family's country house with their lovers. In a small town, a serial killer mutilates the bodies of his victims and leaves a flower on the corpses. The sheriff and his wife/deputy investigate the murders while trying to keep from alarming the citizens. They team up with an autistic hound dog trainer to try to track the killer. A brother's journey to unravel the truth about the mythic death and little known life of Kitty Genovese, who was reportedly murdered in front of 38 witnesses and has become the face of urban apathy. A woman seeks revenge after being brutally attacked by dishonest land developers. A group of Los Angeles teenagers meet every day at their local diner hangout to discus their latest misadventures with their miserable lives A goat named Mei wanders into a barn one night seeking shelter from a storm. In the barn, the goat meets another refugee. The two can neither see nor smell each other, but never the less they huddled together fending off the cold, and begin to talk. Eventually they establish a friendship. The two decide to meet later and will recognized each other by using the password "one stormy night." The next day, when they meet, Mei learns that his companion from the night before was a wolf named Gabu. Despite their natural predisposition as enemies, they share a common bond and begin meeting regularly. However, Mei's flock and Gabu's pack eventually find out about their relationship and forbid the friendship. Mei and Gabu, hoping to preserve their friendship, cross a river during a storm. They hope to find an "emerald forest" free from persecution. A vengeful widow is out to seduce the relatives of the man she blames for her husband's death. A popular high school teacher concocts an extreme plan to deal with the rise of bullying and bad behavior among the student body. After the catastrophic Dark Wave damaged every faster-than-light crystal, leaving thousands of ships stranded and drifting, a small salvage vessel arrives at a spaceship graveyard. But the crew soon discover that not everything on this Drift is dead, and as the objective changes from salvage to survival, it emerges that one crew member has a secret agenda... The city is quiet; the streets, deserted. It doesn't much feel like Halloween, and yet four young trick-or-treaters - a Ghost, a Devil, a Grim Reaper and a Witch - make their way through the night, door to door and house by house, gathering up an unlikely harvest of kindness amid the devastated wreckage of society's collapse. In a world where the only rule is that there are no rules anymore, it is perhaps a fitting irony that it should all come down to this... a simple choice between two starkly different options. The Last Halloween is here at last, and the time has come to make your choice. So, what will it be? Trick? Or treat? Bambi was neglected and deprived of love as a child.  As an adult, she used sex with men as a way to forget her troubled childhood, until she met and fell in love with Rafael...  A group of paranormal investigators sojourned to the Chicago walk-up where deranged drifter Richard Speck systematically slew eight student nurses back in '66, looking for restless spirits. Their unfortunate success gets shockingly documented in this fear-filled found-footage foray featuring a bright young cast. Told from the perspective of a former scientist turned wandering telepathic man-child, I Razor is the story of one man's quest to regain his lost humanity. The characters we met a little more than a decade ago return to East Great Falls for their high-school reunion. In one long-overdue weekend, they will discover what has changed, who hasn't, and that time and distance can't break the bonds of friendship. Eddie Brewer is an old-school paranormal investigator, being followed as part of a documentary At a climate research station in the Alps, the scientists are stunned as the nearby melting glacier is leaking a red liquid. It quickly turns to be very special juice -- with unexpected genetic effects on the local wildlife. THE AUTEUR follows formerly renowned porn director Arturo Domingo (Five Easy Nieces, Requiem for a Wet Dream) through a bizarre weekend as he receives a lifetime achievement award at a film festival in Portland, OR. Encountering crazed fans, former collaborators, bitter enemies and free-loving hippies, Arturo attempts to put the pieces of his broken career and personal life back together. After moving into a boardinghouse, a young woman becomes the object of her lonely neighbor's obsessions. A young woman recuperating at her father's run-down home after a tragic accident soon encounters a terrifying presence with a connection to her long-deceased mother. What happens when a group of Anime fans are forced to fight for their lives against an army of undead vampires? A seasoned detective who comes face to face with the 'Juggernaut' a serial killer who's complete, relentless desires are carrying out on young women. After the detectives partner is taken by this psychotic killer the detective sets out to find justice only to discover darker horrors and deeper evils that are carried out by the 'Juggernaut' Wendy, her husband Dan and their kids have just moved to the small town of Stull, Kansas, where Dan is the new pastor. But in this sleepy community of friendly neighbors, a horrific series of occurrences awaits them: Their teenage daughter is being tormented by grisly visions. Her younger sister has been marked for a depraved ritual. And deep within the heartland darkness, one of The Seven Gates of Hell demands the blood of the innocent to unleash the creatures of the damned. A group of young martial artists infiltrate an underground pit fighting ring where the loser is chopped up and served in a Chinese restaurant. Sacrificial Youth is a Hardcore Punk musical that tells the story of TJ, a teenager caught at the crossroads. When a multi-national corporation hatches an evil plot of biblical proportions to destroy The Scene, TJ is forced to accept his fate as the chosen one to stand up and fight back. Outside a small, typical American town, an elusive cult of demon worshiping gender queer assassins live in infamy, awaiting the day their savior will return to Earth & end the Gender Binary. Within the context of an avant-garde horror film, we examine cinematic stereotypes and exploit them to our darkest advantage. This film was made over two summers in Portland, Oregon by a group of young artists as an exercise in trust & complete collaboration. Trannysnatchers! is a document of a life-changing work for all involved. For over a thousand years ago China was ruled by a cruel government lead by the corrupt governor Kao Chu. His only resistance was a group of 108 brave and noble warriors who kept fighting for justice. To get rid of the strongest heroes, and be able to beat the rest, Kao Chu organizes a kung fu tournament. Misfit Heights is a film about an apartment building populated by puppets who have to struggle for survival when a mad scientist's plan to rule the world with an army of undead goes awry. It's up to the last few survivors to fight their way into his secret lab and put an end to his evil plan before they are eaten by the undead. Or, before the buildings superintendent returns from vacation and evicts them. Justin, a teenager boy, throws himself and everyone around him into chaos when he attempts to break free from his addiction to his thumb. In the late 1890s the Davenport House was a famous and successful brothel, until a young prostitute named Alice killed herself there. After her death, the brothel became haunted by Alice's ghost, and was eventually abandoned. More than a century later, the old structure is renovated into a beautiful mansion. It is still rumored to inhabit the ghost of Alice. Despite this, the new owner; the rich and arrogant heir to the Davenport fortune, decides to throw a wild party for his first night in the house. A film crew tracks a group of researchers and their breakthrough disease research. While battling through the rain-forest, things turn deadly leaving them fighting to survive. Four friends hike into the Pinewood forest to find evidence of the Chupacabra, a creature believed to be responsible for the disappearance of a group of experienced hikers a year earlier. In Taeter City everything is managed by the iron fist of dictatorship members: THE AUTORITY. They use a special radio wave system called Zeed that lets them distinguish criminals from typical law abiding citizens. These special radio waves alter the demented brain of criminals, forcing them to commit suicide in horrible ways. A special police corps called The Biker's retrieves their corpses and delivers them to massive slaughterhouses. These supply the mega fast food chains with the human flesh products they need to feed the masses, non-stop. When desecrated corpses and ritualistic symbols start appearing, the residents of Morningside, New Jeresey, are thrust into an unreal world of darkness. A young woman in the middle of an economical crisis, a little girl who is facing a new environment and a loyal dog that will work as a link between both, will have to spend two nights in an old big house that is falling into pieces. Sounds at night and shadows accompanied with threatening echoes emerging from darkness are constant in the house. Will they be able to undergo the situation and solve the enigma that surrounds the presence that still rounds the house? A weekend trip to the woods for a bachelorette party turns deadly when a nearby train accident causes a chemical reaction that overtakes the secluded valley. But waiting out the disaster inside could prove to be just as dangerous as being outdoors. An evil genius tricks a co-worker into participating in his plot of murderous revenge. The Parkers, reclusive people who cling to ancient customs, find their secret lives threatened when a torrential downpour and the death of the family matriarch forces daughters Iris and Rose to assume special responsibilities. Amidst sweltering street corners and glittering Coney Island lights, four Brooklyn BFFs are changed forever by one, very bloody, night. 20 years after a horrific accident during a small town school play, students at the school resurrect the failed show in a misguided attempt to honor the anniversary of the tragedy - but soon discover that some things are better left alone. A mysterious virus has broken out over the quiet village Rozenburg. The reason is still unknown,which ensures that a large proportion of the population is awakened from the dead. Some survivors are hidden in a house, a whole month. They live on some leftover food but really should begin to take action to survive when there is no more food. Five people find themselves in a tomb. The Crypt keeper explains why they are there through a series of frightening stories. Based on the classic comic book. Two friends' tour of Europe takes a dark turn when one of them contracts a mysterious illness. They race to find out what it is and how to cure it before the sickness consumes him completely. Writer/Director Christopher R. Mihm pays tribute to the works of William Castle, the master of classic horror. Rich socialites have a tradition of throwing exclusive dinner parties. This time, they've booked a spiritual medium who promises to open a portal to the great beyond. Can the group survive the night or will ignoring the medium's warning be the last thing they ever do? The film features the leading actress Greta Garbo as Yvonne, an artist's model. Other stars include Robert Montgomery, Lewis Stone, Marjorie Rambeau and Judith Vosselli. It is a romantic melodrama, portraying a Parisian belle with a past returning to haunt her. The film is the only one where Montgomery played opposite Garbo. Middle-aged Ohio secretary Jane Hudson has never found love and has nearly resigned herself to spending the rest of her life alone. But before she does, she uses her savings to finance a summer in romantic Venice, where she finally meets the man of her dreams, the elegant Renato Di Rossi. But when she learns that her new paramour is leading a double life, she must decide whether her happiness can come at the expense of others. A frustrated office worker finds himself caught between the realms of his deranged imagination and the mundane reality of his everyday existence. Edited from "La cripta de las mujeres malditas" (2008) by Jess Franco and his producer. They add some new scenes, other music and split it in two parts. Blown Away tells the story of Jimmy Dove who works for the Boston bomb squad. Shortly after Dove leaves the force his partner is killed by a bomb that Dove thinks might have been made by someone he knows. When baby Sebastian is born on 12/12/12 everyone around him starts to die. Soon, his mother realizes that her son is the spawn of Hell. Where is Erika Spawn and does she have blood on her hands? The Devil's Music documents the strange story of the notorious shock-rocker whose rise to fame was marred by a series of violent incidents and terrifying rumours. Bound for a remote planet on the far side of the galaxy, the crew of the colony ship 'Covenant' discovers what is thought to be an uncharted paradise, but is actually a dark, dangerous world--which has a sole inhabitant: the 'synthetic', David, survivor of the doomed Prometheus expedition.  The true hauntings of ghost children and their emotional stories of the supernatural. A group of kids agree to explore an abandon house in order to win a reality show contest, which requires them to prove that the stories of the evil Kuntilanak are real. They soon discover that the ghost is very much real when it appears from an old mirror and starts haunting them. A mysterious grandmother appears and soon becomes the talk of the town. Known as 'Nenek Gayung' because she always carries a water dipper (gayung) and a pandan mat, which she uses to bathe her sacrifices. Many believe that if you encounter 'Nenek Gayung', you must not look or talk to her as it is rumoured that many have met their deaths after doing so. Who is actually this 'Nenek Gayung'? What does she want? And how can you save yourself from her clutches? A married woman's affair comes back to haunt her when her obsessed lover infiltrates every part of her life. A couple loses their only child in an accident and subsequently unknowingly adopts an innocent looking little girl with paranormal powers that she uses to fulfill her twisted desires.   After a night of partying, four friends are kidnapped by a mysterious man. The friends wake up in a basement, and realize they are part of something horrifying. A human breeding farm. They are to be milked, bred, and much, much worse. Daffy undead gal Penny Dreadful, her smitten zombie buddy Ned, and lycanthrope Wolfboy relate three tales of terror in an old rundown movie theater: A young couple find themselves being stalked by a lethal jack-in-the-box in "Slash-in-the-Box;" mousy young lady Alice tries to figure out what exactly happened to her last night in "The Morning After;" and a group of friends encounter an eccentric backwoods family after their van breaks down in the middle of nowhere in "The Slaughter House." "The Darkening" is a suspense/horror film set in the Midwest. The story centers around a young married man, James Harrison, who witnesses his mother's murder at age eight. James returns to his hometown of Fairview after twenty years with his wife to sell the old house in which his mother was brutally murdered by Kyle Burnett, a deaf &amp; dumb brute of a man, and in which James was left with a reminder, a scar on his throat, by Kyle and nightmares that won't end. As the murders continue, James is taken deep into his subconscious by the doctor to discover the horrifying truth that is hidden deep inside...the darkening. Footage shot in and around the Sahara Desert, accompanied only by a spoken creation myth and the songs of Leonard Cohen. After she and her husband move into a haunted house, a woman gives birth to a demonic infant that wreaks havoc.  Made for "about the cost of the average funeral," comes an all new batch of supernatural revenge stories and conte cruels in the tradition of the original "Tales From The Crypt" and "Creepshow". Bestselling horror novelist Claire Huston (Dawn Duvurger) has a sure way of producing creepy story after story - she steals them from a dead master of the macabre using a spirit board. What follows are four stories of suspense and terror... though not without consequence. Alice (Mona Duvera) encounters an all-too familiar ventriloquist doll; Bobby (Amber Peach) knows something is watching her from within the walls of her home; a crazed sniper (Eric Spudic) uses geocaching as a lure for his victim (Krystal Stevenson Akin); and a man (J.C. Pennylegion) attempts to resurrect his dead wife, brought to him by two grave robbers (Denman Powers, Kirk Jordan). Ian goes through a downward spiral as he loses control of everything solid in his life. He must reinvent himself but can he find a perfect match on a dating website and get to where he needs to be before the costumed killer preys on him? The first film in the STILL NIGHT MONSTER MOVIE SERIES, DRACULA: REBORN is a modern retelling of Bram Stoker's classic DRACULA, set in modern day Los Angeles. A dark and bloody parody about a Scooby-Doo-like team of paranormal investigators and their devoted dog.. For ten years, inventor David Kressen has lived in seclusion with his inventions, including Adam, a robot with incredible lifelike human qualities. When reporter Joy Andrews is given access to their unconventional facility, she is alternately repelled and attracted to the scientist and his creation. But as Adam exhibits emergent behavior of anger and jealousy towards her, she finds herself increasingly entangled in a web of deception where no one's motives are easily decipherable. A single mother, plagued by the violent death of her husband, battles with her son's fear of a monster lurking in the house, but soon discovers a sinister presence all around her. A man recently released from a mental institute inherits a mansion after his parents die. After a series of disturbing events, he comes to believe it is haunted. Turkish director Hasan Karacadag is something of an unusual case. In a nation that appears uncertain how to feel about its own history with exploitation film and generally reluctant to embrace genre film - though there are obvious exceptions - Karacadag has jumped headlong into the horror pool. The director first came to attention with the J-horror influenced D@BB, a surprise hit in Turkey that allowed Karacadag to move on to the more visually ambitious - and effects heavy - effort, Semum. Both film showcased Karacadag's growing ability to shock and terrify his audiences by taking the rich folklore of his country and pushing it to its dark extremes. And he's at it again with D@BB: Bir Cin Vakasi. The sequel to his original hit, this latest efforts puts away the Japanese influence in favor of a more Paranormal vibe, but the underlying mythology remains purely regional with the story following a Turkish family whose home is possessed by angry jinns Returning to his homeland after years of slavery, a Norman prince seeks revenge on his father's  murderer - his ruthless uncle, Earl Durant. Gaining the trust of a band of exiled farmers, he leads them into battle against Durant, exploiting them in his inexorable quest for vengeance. As one by one they are slaughtered in the brutal battle, will the prince sacrifice everything an everyone to fulfil his quest for blood? In the wilderness of British Columbia, two hunters are tracked and viciously murdered by Aaron Hallum. A former Special Operations instructor is approached and asked to apprehend Hallum--his former student--who has 'gone rogue' after suffering severe battle stress from his time in Kosovo. A military expedition in Siberia gone wrong. The existence of humanity is in peril as Inanna, Sumerian goddess of lust and war has summoned a giant meteor to destroy the planet, after being accidentally set free from her ancient prison. The government has been overturned in a Communist take-over and the citizens of the world; brainwashed. In humanity's darkest hour, the ancient entity of Gilgamesh, older than the cosmos themselves, must decide whether or not to serve of mankind's final hope. Meanwhile, Inanna has hand selected the one man; married man and archaeologist, David Murphy, to live out the rest of eternity with her. Gilgamesh and Inanna are quickly targeted by the new government as potential weapons of mass destruction, and soon the apocalypse has begun. 100 years later. The condemned women are still under the spell of Fata Morgana. A couple on the brink of ending their marriage spend a weekend in different cities. After a cataclysmic event strikes, the husband embarks on a physical and emotional quest to return home as a nation prepares for the worst. Five recent college grads go for one last vacation in the woods during the summer of 1984 and one of them is infected with a mad scientist's synthetic rabies virus. A group of Russian tourists go on a shopping spree to the neighboring Finland - only to be attacked by Finnish cannibals. We focus on a middle-aged woman and her teenage son who is shooting the film, as we watch it, on his cell-phone. Mark Fisher disappeared from his home in a brilliant flash of blue light almost two years ago. His friend Seth Hampton was the last to see him alive. Now a string of grisly, violent murders leads Seth to believe that Mark is back, and something evil is living inside of him. When Claire Spencer starts hearing ghostly voices and seeing spooky images, she wonders if an otherworldly spirit is trying to contact her. All the while, her husband tries to reassure her by telling her it's all in her head. But as Claire investigates, she discovers that the man she loves might know more than he's letting on.  When Jonathan Harker, a young solicitor from England travels into the heart of the Carpathian mountains to meet with the ancient Count Dracula, he discovers the bloody terror and plague that now threatens to cast its shadow over England! Meanwhile, Quincy Morris summons his old friend Professor Van Helsing when a mysterious illness consumes his wife. Are the two puncture wounds on Lucy's throat the work of a vampire? It's a race against time as our heroes fight to save the souls of their beloved from the clutches of the original screen terror...THE TERROR OF DRACULA! In the Iranian ghost-town Bad City, a place that reeks of death and loneliness, the townspeople are unaware they are being stalked by a lonesome vampire. A man continually trying and failing to get his wife to stay dead; a self-absorbed ad agency creative director who comes up with one unworkably inane idea after another; a British hitman who only wants to know everyone's function in life; and an unfortunate office worker and father whose brain is left scrambled after a stage hypnotist is murdered in mid-performance. After barely surviving a furious shootout with the police, Baby Firefly, Otis Driftwood and Captain Spaulding are behind bars. But pure evil cannot be contained. Teaming up with Otis' half-brother Wilson, the demented Firefly clan escape to unleash a whole new wave of murder, madness and mayhem. Randy Bodek works as a pizza delivery boy at Senor Pizza to make a few extra bucks. Some customers are special, though: When the order is for a pizza with extra anchovies, it means the female customers are looking for some loving. "Loverboy's" reputation soon makes him very popular, but when Mom Bodek suddenly feels like some extra anchovies, things are looking grim for young Randy The story deals with the ego between a jailor(cop) and the prisoner who is subjected to death. Niamh is the lone survivor of a bloody massacre after the furniture and objects in her family's isolated house take on a monstrous life of their own. The police ignore her wild stories and the family friends and social worker who take her in try to introduce a new life. But in this psychological thriller, Niamh is unable to leave her violent past behind her, endangering everyone who crosses her path. A youth group sets out on a mission to help an elderly man save his home from being demolished. Could this house actually be haunted? On Halloween night, a sorority house is overrun with ghosts, while a vengeful housemother goes on a killing spree. A successful writer experiments with a new creativity-inducing brain chip by implanting it in the mind of a naive country girl, Cristi.  The results are better than expected, but Cristi can no longer sleep, eat, smell... or die.  What seemed to be a breakthrough in science becomes a horrific nightmare. A short film about a woman struggling to survive in the wake of an apocalypse. A virus gets loose in Taipei Army and SWAT teams oversee evacuation but in Ximending the gangs don't want the police They attack the military but when both find themselves under attack by zombies there is an alliance as they try and escape. Caged like animals! Sexually abused and brutally tortured! ... Escape is their only hope! Four close friends descend into the depths of a cave, looking for a lost treasure, ignoring that this will wake the fury of the Guardian the devourer, who will eat their souls until they destroy each other. A documentary about conspiracy theories takes a horrific turn after the filmmakers uncover an ancient and dangerous secret society. The town of Midground is threatened by a tsunami caused by a massive earthquake in the North Pacific Ocean. After other unexplainable events transpire, Chase Lombardi and friends are forced to discover whether they are experiencing a natural phenomenon or something else all together. A paedophile returns to his hometown after 12 years in prison and attempts to start a new life. Welcome to America's Most Haunted, the paranormal show that's not just trying to contact ghosts, they're here to kick ghosts out and send them back where they belong! But this time it's different. This time it's real. And if they can survive the night, they'll have the show of their lives. 17 year old Mari runs away from home after killing her father in self defense. On the road, she meets up with three college kids on a road trip, only to end up in the town of Creightonville - home of the murderous, Satanic family, the Cobbs. Will Mari and her new friends survive? Or be the next victims in The Creightonville Terror. An ancient legend tells of Lamia a beautiful queen and adulteress.... Her lover was put to death and she was transformed into a snake, roaming the earth on her belly, she murders and enslaves the innocent until the gods turn her to into a stone statue... She now waits for her time to return... Michel, a retired math teacher, has lived alone since his wife's death and occupies his time writing an essay about the beliefs that shape daily life. One day he comes across Dora, a young homeless woman, who shows up injured on his doorstep, and puts her up until she recovers. Her presence brings something new to Michel's life, but gradually the apartment becomes the site of mysterious happenings. During the film Dawn of the Dead, the survivors in the shopping mall communicate with a lone man named Andy, who is on the top of a building across the street. This is the footage from Andy's last days. The story of Leon, an antiques collector who inherits a house from his estranged mother only to discover that she had been living in a shrine devoted to a mysterious cult. Soon, Leon comes to suspect that his mother's oppressive spirit still lingers within her home and is using items in the house to contact him with an urgent message. A dairy owner's son takes a job as milkman with a rival company. Director Charles T. Barton's 1950 comedy stars Donald O'Connor, Jimmy Durante, Piper Laurie, Henry O'Neill, Joyce Holden, William Conrad, Paul Harvey, Jess Barker, Elisabeth Risdon, Frank Nelson and Minerva Urecal. College students from Youngstown, Ohio were planning a simple fashion blogging documentary before a zombie invasion changed their film, and their lives.  Teaming up with an ex-soldier turned zombie-hunter, the co-eds face threats from the undead and their corporate overlords. An artist named Jiajia promised to show her girl friend Wei Ling around in Japan but eventually fails to show up for no reason. After Wei Ling goes and gets accommodated in a family-run hot spring hotel of Shimizu, Jiajia's Japanese boyfriend, she begins her endless weird experience as if she's haunted, and the hotel even sinks into a series of horrible homicides, in which the victims are all family members of the Shimizu's without exception. Every clue found is connected to Jiajia. 15 years after "Lost in la Mancha", Keith Fulton and Louis Pepe come back to follow Terry Gilliam's new (successful) attempt at filming "The Man Who Killed Don Quixote". On a lonely country road, James Mangan hears a voice from his past and comes to realise he is damned. In the spring of 2009, two friends left everything behind for one weekend. Their goal was to hike the remote region surrounding Troy... A failed amusement park owner devises a plan to commit gruesome murders in the park as a publicity stunt to sell tickets. In an achievement of imagination, trance master musician Mr. Peculiar teams with visual artist The Shapeshifter to create a sensory feast of sight and sound. Top-quality 3-D animations are perfectly synchronized and integrated with the audio tracks, capturing the hypnotic energy and varied flavors of trance music in a deliciously psychedelic swirl. Special features include a picture gallery and information about the artists. A team of professional ghost finders are trapped in an old village hall. The haunting they set out to investigate turns out to be far worse than they anticipated. Who will survive and what will be left of their souls? The legendary post-apocalyptic adventure of Cooley Moon, in which a mysterious and brutal attack has decimated the world's population, forcing a small group of survivors to stay alive long enough to unlock the mystery that could save them all. Roller derby dames go up against supernatural evil. Four friends escape the grime of the city and head out into the woods for a peaceful, relaxing weekend... A young girl is transported into a magical world of gingerbread soldiers and an army of mice.  In Disney's magical take on the classic The Nutcracker, Clara wants a one-of-a-kind key that will unlock a box holding a priceless gift. A golden thread presented at her godfather's holiday party leads her to the coveted key--which promptly disappears into a strange and mysterious parallel world. There Clara encounters a soldier, a gang of mice and the regents of three magical Realms. But she must brave the ominous Fourth Realm, home to the tyrant Mother Ginger, to retrieve her key and return harmony to the unstable world. Tyler finds a Ouija Board in his house and decides to mess around with it. Soon after, he starts to have demonic experiences. 40 years after the first haunting at Eel Marsh House, a group of children evacuated from WWII London arrive, awakening the house's darkest inhabitant. A female collage co-ed freshman who was involved in a fatal car crash discovers she may not have survived the tragedy after all when she becomes caught between the world of the living and the dead A sort of limbo state of being between both the real and the spirit worlds in which the ghosts of the afterlife want to collect her, or even worse, use her body in its transition state to enter our world A couple take a vacation to a remote island - their last holiday together before they become parents. Soon after their arrival, they notice that no adults seem to be present - an observation that quickly presents a nightmarish reality. When an underwater ocean lab is lost in a earthquake, an advanced submarine is sent down to find it and encounters terrible danger. During the World War II, the prisoners of a German camp in a greek island are trying to escape. They don't want only their freedom, but they also seek for an ineffable treasure hidden in a monastery at the top of the island's mountain. After going to the house of a serial killer, a woman believes that an evil spirit may be haunting her.  In this meta horror film, a demonic entity uses the fictional character of Freddy Krueger to enter the real world and torment "Elm Street" heroine Heather Langenkamp and her family. Unsettling events escalate into animal atrocities shortly after the Thompson family moves into their new home. Suspecting the neighbor's son Christian is behind the disturbing events, Laura Thompson digs deep into local legends of the paranormal. Faced with a growing sense of connection to the child, Laura begins to wonder what really is "the evil that lives next door?" In an attempt to reunite with her dead girlfriend, Maya evokes dark forces through occult rituals, with devastating results. She has opened a portal to hell and must now fight to survive against a small band of angry and deadly spirits, who twist and turn her reality into a living nightmare. Both an homage to and a re-imagining of the original 1968 film, this update follows a group of survivors trapped in a farmhouse battling a siege of undead zombies....in 3D! A teenager is stuck in a time loop that is not quite the same each time. She must uncover the truth but her actions have consequences for herself and others. Two young couples backpacking through Ireland discover that one of Ireland's most famous legends is a terrifying reality. Five college friends take a detour while traveling to their spring break destination. They end up in the remote mountain town of Blueridge, where Karen (Marina Resa) believes her older sister went missing 2 years before. After a few odd encounters with the locals, Karen and her friends decide to continue their journey until an unexpected auto malfunction leaves them stranded. The group takes refuge in a local motel and soon learns that in Blueridge, "missing persons" is just a way of life. One-by-one they begin disappearing until the grizzly discovery is made that the local BBQ Rib Restaurant might be serving up more than anyone had bargained. A pregnant woman fears for her unborn child's life if she doesn't avenge a supernatural entity. Eight Girls concerns an all-female rowing team with its own club-house. One of the team announces she pregnant and finds herself torn between men (father and fiance) who want the child aborted and the women who want her to keep it and bring it up at the club. The men win but it's the women you remember, especially the magnificent Hanna, team leader and determined adversary of the world of fathers. Exerimental adaptation of Shakespeare's Macbeth. The police force of a remote Midwestern town search for a killer Santa Claus who is picking off citizens on Christmas Eve. A young married couple comes home from a date night to discover that they are imprisoned in their own house with a methodical killer inside. An alien scout lands on earth in the year 1854. The creature is searching for water and food. Once it finds what it needs, it will call in an invasion fleet. A lone cowboy must stand against the alien invader or all will be lost. PMS COP is the story of Mary, a police officer, who after being caught on television beating a rapist, is forced into an evil Pharmaceutical Company's drug trial for a PMS inhibitor known as Corybantic. After a tragic event Mary suffers a horrific side effect, and with her new found superhuman strength, she begins to systematically take out her vengeance on everyone in her path! Will Mary fight against her inner urge to destroy or could she become the first of a new secret weapons program designed by an evil corporation? When a group of friends come across an abandoned house in the barren desert, what follows is a terrifying tale of evil possession causing the friends to slowly turn against each other. Thirty years ago, an unborn child was buried in the garden of what is now a boardinghouse in Cubao. It lies beneath the ground, unbeknownst to the tenants who live there. One of the tenants is Mylene (Lovi Poe) who appears like the perfect girl, nice, pretty and at the top of her Medicine class. But nobody knows about her past, not even the man who loves her most, Paolo (Benjamin Alvez). Paolo doesn't know anything about Mylene's family, her long, lost sibling or her estranged, nervous wreck of a mother. Nor does he know about the very long scar that runs across Mylene's body, nor of how incomplete she always feels. And he finds that the more he tries to win back her love, the more she retreats to her secret world that nobody could enter. A rib-tickling comedy about a group of spirits who, in their various idiosyncrasies, try and save their only haunt, their resting place, when some unscrupulous builders try and break it down to build a modern monstrosity. Five Spec Ops, Alpha Squad, head a simple Recon Mission that turns into an all out war for survival against a wave of undead experiments. Alpha Squad must fight, not just for the sake of their own survival, but the fate of the world. A young woman watches a friend's house while they're away. But is she the only thing that resides there? An unknown virus begins to spread infecting the local population almost instantly, but footage found by the CDC of one man's survival may just help them find a cure. Wasteland is set in a world ravaged by a deadly virus and within that world is Scott Miller, a man who, against the odds, is trying to carve out some sort of life. The deadly infection that has ravaged the globe has almost totally wiped out the human race and Scott must spend his days finding water, food etc. Whilst trying to find uninfected people by radio, he must also avoid the many dangers that lurk in the outside world, while he waits for the return of the love of his life, Beth. Maya, a 19 year old queer pixie, gets romantically involved with her sexually fluid insta-crush and unknowingly inserts herself into a twisted love triangle. Karina never knows that Larasati is Danu's lawful wife. Under economic pressure, Karina is willing to get married to Danu. Several days after their wedding, Larasati comes to confront Danu and Karina at their newly bought house. Larasati goes berserk but Danu is stronger. Larasati is tossed, falling upon her child, and both die tragically. Danu buries her and her child in his yard at night. As the consequence of the inappropriate burial, Larasati and her child awaken and seek revenge from Karina. Eri (Matsubara) is a high school student who is anonymous unlike her friend Mitsuko (Yokoyama) who is the target of amorous advances from their teacher, Ichida (Tsubouchi). Eri comes across a novel way to protect Mitsuko: find a cursed funerary urn that contains ashes reputed to cause death and give said ashes to teacher. Halloween night. A night filled with fancy dress costumes, candy, screams and blood. And then there's the 'trick-or-treaters'. From the makers of Hack Job and I Spill Your Guts! Rich and Benny have always had trouble with the ladies, until they befriend a demon named Az. It's a non-stop party until a killer, soul eating beast leaps through an open portal from the underworld and starts terrorizing their city. Now it's up to Az and the boys to send the creature back to the depths of Hades where it came from, all the while looking good and doing it Cool As Hell in this horror comedy. Featuring a killer punk, hardcore and metal soundtrack and appearances from genre favorites Tom Savini and Frank Mullen as well as Andrew WK, the Meatmen and more! In the Tale of the Voodoo Prostitute, a master manipulator and hustler by the name of Fleetwood Deville dispenses heinous wrong-doings to nearly everyone that crosses his path. One particular female managed to meet and exceed any expectation of evil. She cursed Fleetwood to a fate even worse than death: impotence. With his harem of beautiful women and killers, Fleetwood must rival neighboring pimps to free himself from a curse that if left undone would not only take his manhood, but possibly his life. This film is based in the mean streets and interminglings of the Dallas/Ft. Worth area. Josh wakes each day to a series of Hells. Between uncaring parents and bullying at school he has little to live for. After a brutal event and ensuing humiliation of an online video, Josh and his friends decide to take revenge by staging a massacre at the homecoming dance. Searching for weapons, they find a man who perpetuates a far more murderous darkness than even their plot might suggest. Trapped in his lair, and finding a kidnapped girl from the opposite clique, the boys learn a lot about each other's character and their own. Even if Josh can rescue the captive cheerleader, he must still lead them both out in time to stop his friend from completing the pact to massacre their school. An American Terror is an explosive and surprising modern day horror mash-up. Totally and relentlessly disquieting - great atmosphere and sound and perfectly gruesome. An inexplicable archeological find leads Dr. Peter Kenner to conclude that we are not alone, aliens have visited the Earth in the distant past and have now returned. Struggling to reconcile the evidence with his once held religious views, Peter turns to his uncle, Josh Sanders, a retired scientist and a man of strong Christian faith. Meanwhile, Sarah Pennington seeks protection for her young daughter, Kara, believing the extraterrestrials are bent on abducting the gifted nine-year-old as they did Sarah's husband three years earlier. When the four are brought together by Ethan, a mysterious stranger, Peter and Sarah wrestle with their own beliefs as Josh seeks to convince them of the truth. It becomes clear that Kara has a very special gift-one that can expose the true nature of the extraterrestrials. Nine vacationing twenty-somethings are hunted by an axe-wielding local legend. Sequel to the 2012 film "At Stake: Vampire Solutions", the AS:VS team is back and facing a host of new problems as they work to avoid government shut down, and fight to stay alive while combating the growing vampire threat. A group of models find themselves trapped in a factory inhabited by a cannibalistic degenerated family. A woman who is unable to bear a child enters a world in her mind where she manages to get pregnant. As time goes, so does her sanity. Maud Bailey, a brilliant English academic, is researching the life and work of poet Christabel La Motte. Roland Michell is an American scholar in London to study Randolph Henry Ash, now best-known for a collection of poems dedicated to his wife. When Maud and Roland discover a cache of love letters that appear to be from Ash to La Motte, they follow a trail of clues across England, echoing the journey of the couple over a century earlier. While investigating the murder of her father by her blind younger brother, a young woman disturbs the vengeful spirit of Elizabeth Short, known in legend as "The Black Dahlia". Tourists trapped in an enchanted forest do battle with evil fairy tale creatures. The Rifftrax guys riff the shockingly bad movie Birdemic: Shock and Terror A group of friends move into a vacation home with a sinister past in Fall River, Massachusetts. Suspicious of the home's owner, Taryn feels a strong connection to the house and finds herself at the center of one of the most deadly poltergeists in American history. A courageous homicide detective falls into a treacherous web of depravity after plunging herself into the world of sexual fetish videos in pursuit of an elusive serial killer. A madman has been slicing up bridesmaids all over the city, and Detective Greer English (Laura Romeo) is determined to see that justice is served. As the wave of terror continues, Detective English focuses her investigation on Billy Tagg (Michael McGovern) - a fetish photographer who specializes in the extreme. But Billy isn't who he appears to be, and by the time Detective English discovers he's been taken over by an ancient entity known as "The Tickle Monster," she may already be laughing her way to an early grave. when rumors about students who played at hitori Kakurenbo (sort of hide and seek alone with a ghost) propagate in high school, Shiori can no longer join his older brother Motoya. On his way to the apartment he is supposed to live, she found an empty room. But an internet forum unearthed on the computer of her brother leads her to believe that the disappearance of the latter may well be linked to this sordid game of hide and seek.  Despite attempts by her boyfriend Noboru and his best to reassure her friend Yuko, Shiori is beginning to be convinced that something he wants her too and tries to track down. It will then turn to Shiraishi, a former classmate of her brother, trying to understand what is happening and return Motoya. The history of Italian zombie cinema, beginning with the breakout worldwide influence and success of George Romero's Night of the Living Dead and continuing through to Lucio Fulci's trend-setting Zombie Flesh-Eaters (Zombi 2) and its many imitators. A group of armed robbers fleeing the police head for the New Jersey Tunnel and run right into trucks transporting toxic waste. The spectacular explosion that follows results in both ends of the tunnel collapsing and the handful of people who survived the explosion are now in peril. Kit Latura is the only man with the skill and knowledge to lead the band of survivors out of the tunnel before the structure collapses. Footage caught on camera phones shows disturbing scenes of horror when 8 go missing. An Alaska State Trooper partners with a young woman who escaped the clutches of serial killer Robert Hansen to bring the murderer to justice. Based on actual events. Amy has moved east from Kansas, determined to start a new life. She thinks she has found the perfect small quiet town, a great neighborhood on a quiet street. As she moves into her brand new apartment, eager to start a dream job, happy to befriend her neighbors, she finds out that not everything is as it seems, especially at the house across the street. A team of U.S. archaeologists unearths an ancient pyramid buried deep beneath the Egyptian desert. As they search the pyramid's depths, they become hopelessly lost in its dark and endless catacombs. Searching for a way out, they become desperate to seek daylight again. They come to realize they aren't just trapped, they are being hunted. Siblings find their dead uncle's secret stash VHS tapes. The tapes feature sick solicitors, gruesome dares, patricide, demonic technology, monstrous fruit and many more horrors. As they eagerly watch each of these shocking, bizarre, comedic and bloody movies, little do they know that they are conjuring something very ghoulish and gruesome. In the tradition of horror anthologies like V/H/S. A pack of muscle-headed small town jocks and their bouncy cheerleader girlfriends share a dark secret - and they're about to share a whole lot more.  It's Halloween, and they've got every reason to go wild. Heading out to a remote farmhouse for a night of booze and bad behaviour, they soon find more than they've bargained for in the shape of their team mascot, an Indian warrior wielding a lethal fighting axe.  One by one they will fall victim to a killer who is about to learn: a dead cheerleader can be pretty... bloody. After the plague kills everyone they know, seven camp counselors quarantined themselves at the Quaker camp where they've spent every summer of their lives. Three months later, their sanity hangs by a thread. When something happens to upset the balance they've spent months establishing, they question their religious beliefs, their friendships and trust in each other, and whether there's anything else out there...waiting in the woods. An outlaw biker finds himself addicted to a diabolical substance and hunted by a grenade-tossing femme fatale, bounty hunters, law enforcement, a rival motorcycle gang, mutations and a topless stripper hit squad. The unassuming town of Briar Creek seems to be keeping a nasty secret... On a cross country trip home a young couple, Mike and Beth make a late night stop in this little town, only to stumble across a mysterious girl lying along the dark roadside, The evil lurking inside of her waiting... planning... plotting... When the two girls find that they are somehow psychically connected strange things begin to happen... It's only a matter of time before the two girls cant control the inevitable. The following days will lead them to question everything, from their own existence to whether or not they have somehow opened a doorway to evil. All of their answers can be found in only the darkest of places. Where the sins of the past become the sins of the future. Lost in a strange town, scared as hell and running low on gas... Darkness sets in as events begin to frantically tumble into the void of... THE DEAD LUST. In the autumn of 1900, outlaw Claude Barbee puts his 'retirement plan' in action, attempting to lead his train-robbing gang across Texas to recover a cash stash hidden after a botched railroad heist. Based on true events, five friends who fall prey to the evil entities of the Ouija board. As they set about filming their experimental session, what starts out as bit of fun, soon escalates into a terrifying series of events as paranoia and personal demons are revealed.... and recorded. A mother and her young son release unimaginable horrors from the attic of their rural dream home. The Tough Titty is about to go under after losing a lot of money and gaining no customers. After they bring together their staff for the night to declare bankruptcy and lay offs, little do they know that around them the city is being sieged by the walking dead.  In 1957, insurance investigator George Lazarus is tasked with interviewing twelve employees of the Deadly Sin Cigarette Company when his firm receives a suspicious insurance claim. He learns that all twelve had been let go after contracting mysterious illnesses, but before he can report back, Lazarus goes missing without a trace. After his disappearance, his fiancee Bethany and his friend Chip set out to find him - but what they uncover may actually signal the end of the entire human race. Lord of Tears tells the story of James Findlay, a school teacher plagued by recurring nightmares of a mysterious and unsettling entity. Suspecting that his visions are linked to a dark incident in his past, James returns to his childhood home, a notorious mansion in the Scottish Highlands, where he uncovers the disturbing truth behind his dreams, and must fight to survive the brutal consequences of his curiosity. Sam's faithful dog is sick and must be put down, so he and his friends decide to take the dog to his remote home in Vermont for one last party weekend. This is the story of six friends, an old dog, and a very bad man. After a serious traumatic accident, a man leaves his old life behind and moves to an isolated cabin to start over. He soon learns of the surroundings of the area and its dangerous past. A lesbian college couple becomes stranded in the middle of nowhere with a pack of orphaned Nazi teenagers hellbent on their demise. After a series of brutal murders occur in their Hollywood neighborhood, two women search for clues to uncover the identity of a serial killer who is targeting struggling young actresses. When a Group of survivors come together in a bid for revenge they're in for a shock when they discover the masked maniac Porkchop is not alone! Women are missing. Something is killing. Barry Sagan and the Hedgeworth family must survive. Four female friends embark on a weekend camping expedition into the woods. Things go horribly awry when the quartet runs afoul of a group of wicked rich folks who enjoy hunting humans for sport. Will any of these ladies make it out of the forest alive? A group of rag-tag paranormal investigators get more than they bargain for when they research an old local urban legend for a disturbed local girl. Zombie Hood begins on the eve of a worldwide zombie outbreak with a small group of survivors escaping the city. With food being in short supply, the survivors must risk visiting populated areas in an effort to stave off starvation. "Holland Road, located off NY Route 5 in between the town of Angola and Evangola State Park, is more frequently known as "Pigman Road" and it has been at the forefront of Western New York folklore for decades. Scores of high school students, ghost hunters, and area residents all have their own tales of headless spirits, photographic and audiotape abnormalities, and unusual activity emanating from this mile-long street. With an alluring mix of historical background regarding a train accident and urban legends about a pork-crazed serial killer, Pigman Road has become a rite of passage for anyone in the region wishing to access the world of the unknown." says Joran Zyglis and Jill Gregorie in their article "The Mystery of Pigman Road". The paths of a desperate man and an imprisoned young woman cross unexpectedly in the den of a mysterious killer. In late nineteenth century America, a frontier holy mans life is destroyed as a gruesome power consumes the land. Standing between ruin and salvation, the man, known only as The Preacher, must find his purpose in the fight against the mysterious undead. Joined by the town Marshal, a man with his own set of demons, he faces the risen dead and the evils of the living on a journey to nowhere. 3 men have one hour to dispose of a corpse Horror movie. It all begins at a party in Santiago, Chile, when a seemingly innocent gesture -- the offer of a ride home -- ends in a passionate night of lovemaking and intense conversation for young singles Bruno and Daniela. Shacked up at a flea-bitten motel for a one-night stand, the pair lingers deep into the night, alternating between powerful physical encounters and an ever-deepening emotional connection. Kit, a troubled girl, is sent to the exclusive Blackwood boarding school, where she discovers that only four other female students have been admitted to learn the four pillars of knowledge under the ominous wing of the mysterious headmistress Madame Duret. In a small town suffering from the news of its first ever serial slasher, local high school athletic director Lance Dawson decides to get his down on his luck buddy, Paul Blake, a job coaching girls basketball. But when the fact that Paul has never coached, let alone played, basketball could cost both of them their jobs, they seek out Daniel Buckworth, the town's local psychic, for help. Buckworth's plan to summon spirits to help the girls win games fails when instead of just communicating with them, they accidentally awaken them in the form of zombies. Main Street has seen its better days as it gets ready for a three way battle royal between the slasher, zombies, and a group of friends who may be this small town's only hope for survival. On the night of November 13th, 1974, Ronald DeFeo Jr. took a high powered rifle and murdered his entire family as they slept. At his trial, DeFeo claimed that 'voices' in the house commanded him to kill. This is their story. On a secluded family farm, a mother suffers a psychotic break due to postpartum depression, forcing the eldest son to protect his sibling from the mother they have always known and loved. When RED awakens in a prison cell within an old abandoned Madhouse, she has no idea how she got there and why she has been placed there. As her cell door opens she soon discovers that she is not alone. Trapped with the worlds most notorious serial killers she finds herself caught in a deadly game with no escape as one by one the other 'inmates' are released to stalk her as their own prey. RED must now battle impossible enemies as she tries to find her freedom and soon realizes that there is a bigger plan for all this than she first realized. Will this 'Final' girl have what it takes? Or will she see the last of her days in the endless corridors of SLASHER HOUSE! Twelve severed feet in running shoes found on the shores of Western Canada have baffled Police. A videotape is leaked anonymously from the authorities. This paranormal thriller may solve the mystery of the severed feet. During the Civil War in 17th-Century England, a small group of deserters flee from a raging battle through an overgrown field. They are captured by an alchemist, who forces the group to aid him in his search to find a hidden treasure that he believes is buried in the field. Crossing a vast mushroom circle, which provides their first meal, the group quickly descend into a chaos of arguments, fighting and paranoia, and, as it becomes clear that the treasure might be something other than gold, they slowly become victim to the terrifying energies trapped inside the field. After resolving a situation of exorcism, the half-breed demon hunter Jake Greyman (Sean Patrick Flanery) reports to Cardinal White (William Bassett) and they realize that the demon Asmodeus (Billy Drago) is impregnating many mortals trying to raise offspring. Cardinal White calls Sister Sarah Ryan (Colleen Porch) to assist Jake in his hunting for Asmodeus and his women. A love triangle is complicated by unemployment, expectations and the living dead. Live action adaptation of the popular novel. Driving cross-country, Ray and his wife and daughter stop at a highway rest area where his daughter falls and breaks her arm. After a frantic rush to the hospital and a clash with the check-in nurse, Ray is finally able to get her to a doctor. While the wife and daughter go downstairs for an MRI, Ray, exhausted, passes out in a chair in the lobby. Upon waking up, they have no record or knowledge of Ray's family ever being checked in. Bonnie and Clyde are reinvented in SCAVENGER KILLERS, where a charming judge and a hot criminal defense attorney go on a maniacal killing rampage. Todd and Bruce, a hapless screenwriting team, get one last shot at success thanks to Todd's wealthy uncle, Sarge. If they pen a worthy horror script, Sarge will fund the entire project. But there is one condition - the script must be complete in two weeks. With the deadline looming and no fresh ideas, Todd and Bruce head to Shangri-La, a serene artist's retreat, with the hope that the peace and company of fellow artists will inspire greatness... or, failing greatness, at least enough for straight-to-DVD. Shangri-La proves to be anything but serene, as the artists die off one by one, seemingly by accident. Bruce convinces Todd to soak in this morbid atmosphere to help with the writing, but soon those two are fighting for their lives as well. When a frightening wave of violence sweeps through New York City, troubled cop Sarchie fails to find a rational explanation for the bizarre crimes. However, his eyes are opened to a frightening alternate reality when renegade Jesuit priest Mendoza convinces him that demonic possession may be to blame for the gruesome murders. Together, they wage a valiant supernatural struggle to rid the city of an otherworldly evil. Two Neds are harassing a drunken 'jaikie' and an inebriated resident confronts them. A stand off takes place until one of the Neds shuts a young boy in an abandoned fridge. They leave but threaten to return and burn down the tenement. The residents try to open the fridge but are unsuccessful. Panic initially sets in as they fear the young boy will die. A group of friends went to shoot their film project, but never returned. A few days later, their camera was found. The dead walk -- and are hungry. In one small Midwestern town, the residents have learned to cope as best they can. Meggie lost her husband, Quint, during the early days of the living dead plague. She now lives a life of quiet horror and desperation, for her mother-in-law will do anything to help the family adjust to this new world. Even the unspeakable. When a young nun at a cloistered abbey in Romania takes her own life, a priest with a haunted past and a novitiate on the threshold of her final vows are sent by the Vatican to investigate. Together they uncover the order's unholy secret. Risking not only their lives but their faith and their very souls, they confront a malevolent force in the form of the same demonic nun that first terrorized audiences in "The Conjuring 2" as the abbey becomes a horrific battleground between the living and the damned. After a divorce, Sophia moves to the south of Italy with her daughter, Helena. Their new home, an apartment within an austere building of the fascist age, is a chance for them to start a new life. But inside an old storage room hides a mysterious closet and a buried secret. After the loss of Helena's first baby tooth, a chilling obsession begins and an apparition haunts her sleep... All is not as it seems when a man, pushed too far, frantically zooms around the city in a '77 Mustang with a beautiful woman on the verge of death in his passenger seat. All Excess is Avenged Sevenfold's first DVD which was released on July 17, 2007. The DVD includes a documentary with footage dating back to 1999, four live performances, along with four music videos, and several out-takes.  The DVD was created to portray how Avenged Sevenfold started in a unique way different from typical mainstream band DVDs. This was done by giving the viewer a look into the thoughts of, the relationships between, and the background of the band. The vampires are back in town but this time there's a new brood.  Chisel-jawed Jon Euler steams up the screen as brood leader Jasin in this hot sequel to the wildly popular original. This time his vengeful ex-lover Demetrius (ripped dreamboat Rob Hoflund) is out to get Jasin and brings along his coven to boot.  Jasin and Caleb's eternal love is put to the test when Jasin's jilted lover Demetrius returns to get this revenge. Demetrius plots to destroy Jasin by creating an army of vampires -- unwilling victims recruited from the local boxing gym. Tara, reeling from her own rejection by Jasin, is eventually compelled by Demetrius to join him in his quest. On September 11, 2001, terrorists attacking the World Trade Center rise from the dead as zombies. High school student Ayumi kills herself and leaves behind a cryptic message that says "will be killed by boyfriend." Nine young friends get lost on their way to spending April Fools Day together. Instead of letting the entire trip go to waste, they decide to go party at an old abandoned inn called 12 Hills. Rumor has it that the place has curse that comes to life every April 1st. Despite the warnings from the locals, the friends decide to go ahead with their April Fools Day plan. It's all partying, sex and alcohol until victims of sick, deadly jokes start to appear. Prep and Landing: On Christmas Eve, a high-tech team of elves from an elite unit known as "Prep &amp; Landing" ensures homes around the world are prepared for Santa's visit. But when two hilarious little elves face unexpected challenges and are pushed to their limits, it'll take a great big effort to save the season.  Prep and Landing: Naughty vs. Nice: The outrageous yuletide adventures of Christmas elves Lanny and Wayne continue in this totally tinsel adventure that reminds us there's room for everyone on the 'nice' list. Santa's stealthiest little elves must race to recover classified North Pole technology, which has fallen into the hands of a computer-hacking naughty kid, in an effort to stop Christmas from descending into chaos. In a future where we have lost the ability to dream, people have turned to Fantasites, a parasite that induces the user's wildest fantasies. When socially awkward Charles starts using the miracle product he finally meets the girl of his "dreams." However, Fantasites come with some disturbing side effects that leave his chances with her squirming away. An outrageous comedy for all ages, much beloved health guru Jack Strong is abducted from earth along with some of his students and transported to FAT PLANET, where food is worshiped and everything is getting bigger, and unhealthier, by the pound. Jack's mission is to teach the entire planet the benefits of eating healthy and getting in shape, while trying to make it back home to earth. Two brothers - one a priest, one a career criminal - find bloody salvation in a mysterious underground carnival. Combat has taken its toll on Rambo, but he's finally begun to find inner peace in a monastery. When Rambo's friend and mentor Col. Trautman asks for his help on a top secret mission to Afghanistan, Rambo declines but must reconsider when Trautman is captured. After being released from prison, a man known as The Rambler stumbles upon a strange mystery as he attempts a dangerous journey through treacherous back roads and small towns en route to reconnecting with his long lost brother. After getting a taste for blood as children, Hansel and Gretel have become the ultimate vigilantes, hell-bent on retribution. Now, unbeknownst to them, Hansel and Gretel have become the hunted, and must face an evil far greater than witches... their past. A bride's wedding night takes a sinister turn when her eccentric new in-laws force her to take part in a terrifying game. Over a long holiday weekend, unable to escape the confines of their sorority house, a handful of unsuspecting girls are left behind to enjoy the quiet sanctuary. The normal house staff has taken off for the weekend, leaving the girls to fend for themselves. Thankfully someone was kind enough to send them a temporary replacement chef to cook their meals. A fashion photographer is traveling to meet his sister at Eden Parish. Once there, his friends begin to film interviews with the Eden Parish inhabitants, all of whom speak of the commune in glowing terms. However, they soon discover that there is a sinister edge to the commune that belies the seemingly peaceful setting. 7 girls and 1 fab gay guy plan a getaway to a remote ranch for a week of gossip and grub. They start off where they always do, old rivalries in place, extreme vanity covering great insecurities, but with a true love for each other underneath the bickering, sniping and sassing. A number of drinks into night one and a dark secret is revealed. The house they rented is the site of a mass murder of teenage girls 15 years earlier. Blood still stains the floors under replacement carpets. The killer still runs free. The girls take it for what it seems - a fun story for a rainy night by a roaring fire. But after one of them disappears and is discovered dead, the story doesn't seem so fun anymore. 1 by 1, they die, killed by their own vanity. The fun-filled week turns into a race against death. Who will make it out alive? Graced with a velvet voice, 21-year-old Violet Sanford heads to New York to pursue her dream of becoming a songwriter only to find her aspirations sidelined by the accolades and notoriety she receives at her "day" job as a barmaid at Coyote Ugly. The "Coyotes" as they are affectionately called tantalize customers and the media alike with their outrageous antics, making Coyote Ugly the watering hole for guys on the prowl. Thanatomorphose is a french word meaning the visible signs of an organism's decomposition caused by death. One day, a young and beautiful girl a wakes up and finds her flesh rotting. In the rural town of Wickenhaven, a psychotic tanning salon owner is responsible for the disappearances of many young, innocent girls, while his wife, an exotic purse designer, is willing to overlook his evil nature. In New York, a Pakistani native finds that his American Dream has collapsed in the wake of the 9/11 terrorist attacks. A brother-sister team who fake paranormal encounters for cash get more than they bargained for when a job at a haunted estate turns very, very real. An introverted teen sparks with his new neighbor, and together the couple begins to explore the haunted house that is family has unknowingly just purchased. Hypnotherapy and drugs are used to help an amnesiac horror writer, but are the terrifying images that surface real or imagined? After suffering the recent loss of his wife, David Reynolds decides to take his family on a cathartic trip to her home village in Columbia. While en route, they get into a car accident and seek refuge in a secluded inn. While there they find a mysterious young girl, Ana Maria, locked up with cryptic symbols painted on the walls of her cell. Shocked by the treatment of her caretaker, the family sets Ana free only to realize that she is possessed by an evil spirit from centuries past. What's worse, the spirit can jump from person to person, creating a deadly dynamic amongst the once loving family. Now, David must figure out a way to lock the spirit up for good before it destroys him and his family. From the producers of Paranormal Activity, Insidious, and Sinister comes Dark Skies: a supernatural thriller that follows a young family living in the suburbs. As husband and wife Daniel and Lacey Barret witness an escalating series of disturbing events involving their family, their safe and peaceful home quickly unravels. When it becomes clear that the Barret family is being targeted by an unimaginably terrifying and deadly force, Daniel and Lacey take matters in their own hands to solve the mystery of what is after their family. A vampire stripper battles other vampire strippers with the help of a defrocked priest-turned-vampire strip club owner.  Vampire strippers! Just wanted to say that again. A woman tries to exonerate her brother's murder conviction by proving that the crime was committed by a supernatural phenomenon. A thug from the bayou releases horror in the deep backwoods after soliciting the services of a nefarious voodoo witch for protection - giving rise to a terrifying creature of Cajun folklore. Lotus Cat Food is under new management and this time they have improved the recipe even more. Follows 6 people low life junkies &amp; strippers as they battle for survival in the midst of a zombie outbreak in a run town on the outskirts of a city. Struggling filmmakers - Kennedy, Cory and James - finally catch the break they were looking for when they are hired to shoot a 'behind-the-scenes' documentary for a major studio production. But their dream job quickly turns into a nightmare when they explore the legendary, haunted location and find something far worse than anything Hollywood could create. Terror becomes reality for the filmmakers as they uncover the malevolent secrets of the hospital, and the sinister doctor who once ran it. Trapped inside the hospital with no apparent way out, our crew is tormented by the evil, unspeakable fear A single mother fights against the supernatural in order to hold on to her daughter. Young hot travelers are sidelined by a road blocked with fallen trees, and stop for a night at the mansion belonging to sexy Sebastian. The house has a history of voodoo, mayhem and horror, and new arrivals are fresh meat for the hungry house... A suicidal doctor struggles to find meaning in his life while a murderer stalks the halls of his hospital. What do you get when you mix two hit-men brothers, their cocky protege, a couple of injured illegal immigrants, border patrol agents and a few colorful townsfolk in the small border town of Bisbee, AZ whose water supply has been contaminated with MDPV otherwise known as 'bath salts'? A wild night of chases, gun fights, zombies, heated arguments touching on the controversial issue, AZ's SB1070, oh and a lot more zombies as this colorful group of individuals tries to escape the night on the Bloody Border.  A simple scene of two rather flamboyantly-dressed Edwardian children attempting to feed a spoonful of medicine to a sick kitten. The film is important for being one of the earliest films to cut to a close-up, then back again to the same medium shot as before. A young girl's life is thrown upside down when she is molested by her favorite teacher. Through the support of her best friend, she finds the strength to tell her mother. Everyone has demons in their closet but when Trey meets the wrong love of his life, those demons become reality. And for those closes to Trey, his reality is deadly. Summary TREY, a sanitation worker, is desperately trying to live a normal life while suffering with a mental disorder called Manic Depression. Synopsis One day, he meets a girl, ASHLEY, who would forever change his life. On one hand she provides the emotional connection he longs for but on the other hand her presence creates a living hell he cannot escape! With Trey being friendless and complete under her control, Ashley is satisfied and everything seems to go well, until one faithful day when Ashley pushes Trey to his breaking point! A man, long haunted by the paranormal, captures on camera the horror and hilarity he and his beautiful girlfriend encounter after moving into a new home. Fifteen years ago Winona became a vampire. She was imprisoned in her grave by Father Rivers, and Winona's young daughter, Janeth, was sent to live with relatives in another state. Now Janeth is grown, and back in town to try to come to terms with the memory of losing her mother.  Unknowingly she releases her mother from her grave, and now Winona is out for revenge on Father Rivers, his family, and all those responsible for her being imprisoned in the grave for all those years. Her lust for blood and vengeance must be satisfied! Gentle Scottish Road Movie . Eight years ago, Gavin artistic son of an Scots/Italian ice-cream dynasty, turned his back on Glasgow and moved south to London to make his name illustrating children's books. Now, frustrated and broke, his Uncle Sal appears with an offer. Gavin's father has sold the family business.  To get his share of the proceeds,Gavin must return home for his father's birthday party. Swayed by the money, he sets off north and picks up a hitchicker with a secret.  Their journey is difficult but ultimately rewarding. When passengers on a train are attacked by a creature, they must band together in order to survive until morning.  After a teen steals a VHS tape titled "Slaughter Tales" from a yard sale, he seals his fate by ignoring a ghostly apparition in his bath tub and watching the stolen tape. as the movie progresses, simple nightmares turn reality as evil is released from the tape. A quiet little mid-west town is disturbed by an unforeseen occurrence. Twenty years after, Cemetery Town is again disrupted by a series of killings. The town's caretaker, Cliff is in the center of the chaos. When Cliff decides to care for a demon, he soon realizes mankind and the supernatural should not merge. An assassin is shot by her ruthless employer, Bill, and other members of their assassination circle - but she lives to plot her vengeance. Keiko, daughter of a famous sushi chef, leaves home to escape his overbearing training in both sushi-making and martial arts. Finding work at a rural inn, she is bullied by the staff and ridiculed by the guests, including the president of Komatsu Pharmaceuticals, who has come to the inn for a vacation with his associates. Little do they know, however, that disgruntled Komatsu researcher Yamada has followed them there with designs on revenge, using a serum he developed that can awaken the murderous instincts of fish on rice, creating...killer sushi! Bloodthirsty tuna and squid soon descend upon the humans, killing many and turning the remainder into zombie-like creatures. An Australian urban legend comes screaming on the Ozploitation scene. It's said that if you drive down the creepy road of Lemon Tree Passage, and witness a sudden flash of light in the trees, you'll be forever haunted by the tormented spirit of a man killed by thrill speeding teenagers. Wanting to put this old wives' tale to the test, a car-load of non-believers take the supposedly cursed journey and do indeed see a strange manifestation. But it's not the one of popular myth - this sudden possession of one of their number involves another altogether more shocking crime. That of a young girl raped and murdered on the same stretch of highway. As one urban legend trumps another, the scared passengers must sort out the facts of both cases before vengeful justice from beyond the grave can be meted out with moody atmosphere, ghostly thrills and supernatural suspense. A dysfunctional gang of criminals takes a middle class Maori family hostage and discovers too late that they are cannibals. WWII German soldiers take an occult scientist into a haunted forest in Romania, only to be confronted by their own ghosts. When a tour guide breaks into America's Most Haunted House, a bit of amateur ghost hunting with friends turns into more horror than they could have ever imagined. Hell has come to the town of Burning Bush. The terms are due on a deal with the Devil made long ago. Now, the innocent must fight for their lives as the Devil tries to destroy everything and everyone in the town, and reap the souls he was promised. Juliet Forrest is convinced that the reported death of her father in a mountain car crash was no accident. Her father was a prominent cheese scientist working on a secret recipe. To prove it was murder, she enlists the services of private eye, Rigby Reardon. He finds a slip of paper containing a list of people who are 'The Friends and Enemies of Carlotta'. Absinthe: was it ambrosia or poison, artistic muse or ticket to madness and death? There is a tremendous fascination with absinthe, yet few truly know its rich history. The documentary ABSINTHE definitively brings the Green Fairy out of her clouded past where, for one hundred years, her fabled effects and demonized reputation have excited equal doses of admiration and loathing. The film traces absinthe's arc: from its birth in Switzerland in 1787, through its rise in the chic cafes of Belle Epoque Paris, to its prohibition, and its recent worldwide revival. Absinthe's story is put in high relief through interviews with leading historians, authors, distillers, antiques collectors, and fanatics. The cult beverage of bohemian artists is back in fashion; the documentary ABSINTHE clarifies the legend. A reluctant birthday celebration starts out innocently enough but quickly turns into three men's desperate fight for survival. As the battle for natural gas rights in the Marcellus shale formation rages, a farming family in the Adirondack foothills is torn apart by the battle between a cash windfall and the threat of ecological disaster from hydrofracking. In an act of desperation the American Indian legend of The Demon Messenger is called out to protect the forest. The Demon Messenger is the monster in the woods known by many names: the Rugaru, Chiye-tanka, Wendigo, but it is best known throughout the world as Bigfoot. Will the Messenger be the avenging angel they hoped for or an unimaginable evil unleashed? Paranormal investigators on the south coast of England take on a new client. What they unravel reveals chinks in the fabric reality. Bee is falling in love with her senior surgeon co-worker. But his girlfriend who recently died in an accident isn't quite ready to give him up yet. Jessica and Ethan Ray return to their childhood home following the death of their grandmother hoping that the nightmares of their childhoods will finally be laid to rest. But they soon find that the house is haunted... Three documentary makers, are heading home from Burning Man in their RV and decide to pull off into the desert to camp for the night. Things get creepy. With their 5 RV cams running 24/7, we see everything that happens...even things they don't see. A recently dumped and unemployed man in his 30s decides to moonlight as the 'son' of his childhood hero, a bygone local celebrity Horror Host named Ghostman. When his videos go viral, he must settle an old score with a high school rival and figure out where his life is headed, all while keeping his identity secret from a new woman in town he's fallen for. Daniel and Alice take their two young children to Alice's mother's house after the tragic and mysterious death of her father.  Once there, Daniel learns about several unresolved murder and missing people cases. Daniel and his family also become victims of this town's dark faith when his wife mysteriously dies and his children go missing. Soon after this tragedy he begins to investigate what's haunting the town and its residents. In his research he discovers that his wife is a direct descendant of a women known as "La Llorona", the troubled mother who drowned her children after her husband's infidelity centuries ago. "La Llorona's" tortured should haunts everyone and her insatiable thirst for blood will destroy everyone in her path. Will and his new girlfriend Kira are invited to a dinner with old friends at the house of Will's ex Eden and her new partner David. Although the evening appears to be relaxed, Will soon gets a creeping suspicion that their charming host David is up to something. Barry Montenegro, a ruthless, cynical, politically incorrect, and quite possibly sociopathic Hollywood actor becomes the prime suspect when a series of brutal murders rocks his latest production. On the outskirts of a small mountain town, retired farmer Hank Taylor decides to pull down an old dead tree that sits on the edge of his property. Hank soon discovers something strange buried in the ground beneath...something large, metallic and not of this earth. Dormant for over 200 years, the object's power returns, resurrecting the hibernating occupants from a long slumber and turning the Taylor farm into an arena of heart-pounding terror. As the inhabitants of the farm take refuge in the secluded farm house, a group of mysterious covert government agents callously monitors the situation. Why have the Aliens traveled to Earth? Are the Government Agents hiding something? A wolf strives through the woods around an isolated German village. Jakob the young local police officer is onto him, but scents something more in the darkness. What he finds is a man, it seems, wild eyed, of wiry build, in a dress. He carries a katana, a Samurai sword. When the Samurai invites Jakob to follow him on his crusade towards the village, it becomes Jakob's mission to pursue the lunatic to end this wanton destruction. At the end of the night Jakob has experienced too much, is too far from whom he once was. Something hidden has been unleashed to meet the first rays of daylight. Years after his release from jail, Sam Parsons is trying to build his life with his wife Courtney and their young daughter Harper. He works hard to provide for his family and afford their beautiful home in their quiet suburban neighborhood. When supernatural occurrences start to happen in the house, Sam fears for the safety of his wife and daughter. When the occurrences turn into attacks, Sam hires Corbin Carlysle and his reality TV show ghost hunting team known as "The Ghost Killers", to help him battle the dark entity that's lurking in the shadows of his home. As things start to escalate and it becomes clear that this entity is much more dangerous than your typical ghost, complications arise when Corbin and his team are more focused on fame and fortune. To win this fight Sam must battle his own inner demons and revert back to his violent past. In order to save the ones he loves a Demon must face a Demon. A young boy named Roscoe finds a portal to another world where he is taught magic by an elder demon known as Dimwos. Dimwos raises the boy into manhood, revealing to him many secrets. Ever have one of those days where nothing goes right and everything falls apart, everyone is out to get you and there isn't a damn thing you can do....or is there! Life's a bitch!...And then YOU die! A movie about revenge, punishment &amp; showing everyone who screws up your life, that PAYBACKS A BITCH! Follow Sam Wallace as he has the worst day of his entire life! Pray you weren't one of those people who messed up his day or his life, because he is coming back for revenge! And then YOU die! They say that in 1600s, long before the invention of photography, a scientist named Fumagalli, was obsessed with the idea of reproducing images. He discovered that by killing a victim and removing his eyeballs it was possible to reproduce on paper the last image imprinted on the person's retina. He named such tecnique "Thanatography". Today, the same kind of gruesome ritual and abominable crimes r Set in the year 3000 in New Tokyo where this time round, human beings with blood type B are being targeted. One day it's decided that all people with blood type B have to be killed. There are people in black costumes who chase after and kill everyone with blood type B. Tsukasa is one of those people. Together with her friend Yui she tries to stay alive and staying alive means running because hiding isn't a solution. On the hunt they meet Masaharu and together they decide to fight against those black costumed creatures. When good-for-nothing employee Daichi, who has a crush on his senior associate Nozomi, is attending to a backlog of work with colleagues, a frightening game of tag targeting people with blood type B begins. Greg,an unsuccessful screenwriter and Rachel,a beautiful journalist research an outbreak of mass hysteria in a small village. They start to uncover a secret about ergot poisoning that has affected this village for years. But the cult activity has been kept a secret by the locals and when Greg disappears, Rachel is left alone to unravel the mystery and save their lives. The story springs from the real-world headlines of religious cults and mass suicides. With Veil, it begins 30 years ago, when members of a religious cult known as Heaven's Veil take their own lives. The truth behind what really happened remains buried deep in the memory of the sole survivor, a five-year-old girl, who returns to the compound with a documentary crew as an adult. They soon discover something that is far more terrifying than anything they could have imagined. A young couple gets kidnapped and treated like farm animals after stopping at a roadside diner to eat meat. Dave Lizewski is an unnoticed high school student and comic book fan who one day decides to become a super-hero, even though he has no powers, training or meaningful reason to do so. A group of college boys, bored with the every day "gay life" of LA, decide to skip Pride weekend in exchange for a camping trip in the woods. Quickly overcome with boredom in their new surroundings, the boys venture into a game that ultimately unleashes the vengeful spirit of a local legend known as Malice Valeria. Overcome by her deadly plan of tainted love and her thirst to take back what was lost long ago, the boys must now band together before they fall victim to the poisons of a broken heart. DJ is haunted by the very stories he is telling will he find the truth before the haunting before it is too late? Robert and Taylor Usher expect to be happy in their new house in Northridge, California where years ago, murder and mutilations destroyed the former residents. It doesn't matter to the Ushers, until those who caused the deaths come back, those that live in the earth, those that need, those that are not human. The Ushers new house stands between them and what they must have. The Spirit Stalkers reality show, once a big hit, faces cancellation without a ratings boost, which leads the investigative team to Gloria Talman, whose house is rampant with unexplained ghostly activity. A group of student activists travel from New York City to the Amazon to save the rainforest.  However, once they arrive in this vast green landscape, they soon discover that they are not alone... and that no good deed goes unpunished. A bride-to-be jumps to her death after becoming convinced that a tragic accident has claimed the life of her groom-to-be. But, the end of her life is the beginning of the story when her groom-to-be is alive and his false death turns out to be his and her best friend's plan to get rid of her. Distraught by the betrayal, the spirit of the bride-to-be is craving for vengeance.  This production is unusual in that it is a collaboration among twelve different Thai film directors. Two sisters travel to a cheesy tourist trap where they battle toxic monsters dressed in bigfoot costumes in order to save the ones they love. Jasmin ( Meryl Valerie ) is crowned the new Miss Zurich because the real winner is decapitated in an unexpected way. To mourn the dead Miss does not remain much time, because shortly afterwards the remaining beauties have in a Missen-Camp, which takes place on an island in Tanga Atoll. What begins in paradise ends in hell - a masked killer brings a Miss at a time. Quick is clear: The murderer is among them. While superior to the one Miss contestants how to outwit and kill the murderer, the other run for their lives. The jungle turns into a battlefield.  Now the girls must remain calm. However, this is easier said than done. Candidates freak out and can not really look different from the face of death. Jasmin, who appears among the candidates to be the only normal to be in love, meanwhile the photographer Serge ( Patrick Rapold ). Together they try to escape the killer. Can they escape the fearsome killer, or they face an ugly death? Racial tensions rise in San Francisco when Charles Manson's cult returns to find that white people are the new oppressed race.  A new war is about to be started, but can somebody prevent that from happening? 1945: The red army stands at the gates of Berlin. In their desperation the Nazis turn to the most obscure Scientists. Through cruel experiments a new secret Weapon has been created - unstoppable and alive. A Russian attack destroys the lab, but the weapon - buried underneath the ruins - is immortal. Lost in time, it lurks in the darkness, only to return again. 2012: Punk-Rock legend Spike Jones leads a group of friends into the ruins of the old Nazi Lab. The complex shall be cleaned up for the reunion concert of his band. Believing they would help a poor soul, they free the beast from its prison. But the creature of the Nazis does not know about thankfulness. Again the smell of blood fills the old laboratories and screams of terror echo through the darkness. As now, the Werewolf starts his war against humanity. Obsessed cryptid hunter, Keet goes to the woods with his old friend Forrest to prove the existence of the cryptid known as the Mothman. When in the woods, the only thing they find is a man who seems to be out of his mind, believing that he is in fact that very creature. World renown vampire fighter, Professor Bartholomew Dubbs is giving a weekend workshop on how to find and kill vampires at his Institute for Vampire Slaying.  Little does he know that his class has been infiltrated by vampires and the leader of their coven, Camelia Bumbescu is out to kill Dubbs during the red moon to avenge the death of her lover 300 years earlier by Dubb's great great great great great grandfather Gunter Dubbs.  The good Professor has three assistants lead by by Samantha Wilson who try to help but how can they possibly compete against this odd band of misfit vampires. A man meets a woman per chance and makes a bet with himself: he wants to start dating her in the next 100 days. 3G is the nightmarish story of Sam Arora and Sheena, a couple, who become victims of a series of events when Sam buys a 3G enabled second hand phone in Fiji islands while on a holiday.  One night they receive a Phantom Call which changes their lives forever. A blowhard cop responds to a mysterious 911 call at his favorite local donut shop. Based on Edward Lee's seminal and wildly controversial 2003 novel, "EDWARD LEE'S THE BIGHEAD" directed by Michael Ling is set in the West Virginian backwoods where vicious monsters, both human and supernatural, go on a terrifying rampage in search of a special young woman.  Their path of destruction uncovers long held secrets and puts the fate of the entire world in jeopardy. In 2012, three friends got together for a college assignment in a beach house. There was some sort of paranormal activity. What happened that day was recorded in their phones, but it wasn't authorized to be shown publically. Until now. A family moves into a possessed bungalow. A sudden turn of events in the house leaves them astonished. When things worsen, escape seems to be their last resort. A popular magician seeks help from a psychiatrist to protect him from a witch that has haunted him since childhood. 'Acedia' tells the experiencies of a lonely man, lost in himself, how sees the days go by and how occupies time. Heather and her friends have some devilish fun on the social website, ConnectMeNet. However, their amusement has come at the expense of a lonely and medicated half-wit, Jerry Tobin. After goading him into humiliating himself on camera in various cruel acts of depravity, they post the clips online for the world to see in a video titled "Revenge on a Creeper". This ruins Jerry's meager life and he disappears without a trace... Fast forward a year, and the tables are now turned when Jerry reemerges, off the antipsychotic medication that clouded his thoughts and kept his demons at bay. Now the girls are forced into a nightmarish fight for their lives! Living Life or Waiting to Die is a comedy about everyday struggles we face and how we choose to deal with them. It comes down to two questions; are you living life to the max or are you letting life pass you by and simply waiting to die? Nick is excited to discover that he's won a dinner date with his favorite actress, Jill Goddard. But when Jill refuses to honor the contest, he receives an offer he can't refuse: the ability to view Jill secretly via computer. Nick begins watching the unknowing star on her webcam, not realizing that this decision will put both himself and Jill at risk as they enter a terrifying world of cat-and-mouse where nothing-and no one-are as they seem. A marriage that seemed perfect comes crashing down after the supposed death of Jack Saunders, husband of Adrienne Saunders. After his supposed death, strange developments begin to be discovered by Adrienne regarding Jack's past. Developments that lead her to believe she has been Deceived. Jessica and Dave along with three other young couples are kidnapped in Griffith Park by unseen Abductors and must fight to escape certain death only to discover the world will never be the same. Jack Slade was born during a solar eclipse in the year 1980. 18 years later, he finds out he has the ability to travel into the future. He projects himself into the year 2035, where society has been destroyed by a fascist regiment of psychopathic doctors that rule the wastelands, creating deformed mutants with a serum synthesized from the flesh of dead aliens. Now Slade must travel back to the year 1998 to destroy a device known as the wavelength generator, which opened the dimensional gateways to these alien beings. With the help of an army of female outlaws and a sleazy detective, Slade re-connects with the star child Khadijah, who holds the key to stopping these tragic events from ever taking place. The story involves two newlyweds, Keaton and Seely, who receive a build-it-yourself house as a wedding gift. The house can be built, supposedly, in "one week." A rejected suitor secretly re-numbers packing crates. The movie recounts Keaton's struggle to assemble the house according to this new "arrangement." When a popular honors graduate becomes an unlikely campus gunman, citizen sleuths embark across the country to investigate the metamorphosis of a respected prosecutor turned mass shooter. Some of Europe's leading horror filmmakers unite to bring you a collection of terrifying horror stories. When it comes to your town, no one can run, no one can hide, EVERYONE MUST DIE! A pattern of similar killings occurs, leaving small towns aghast with grief and suspicion. When the massacre left Kyle's sister in the coroner's office, he vowed to solve the mystery behind the gruesome pattern of slaughter and find out where this seemingly death-proof killer will strike next. Join us as this tale of gore spreads from town to town, person to person, and blade to blade, leaving nobody safe, because, after all... EVERYONE MUST DIE! The "Summer Camp" horror trilogy was one of the most popular franchises of the 1980s. However, the decade ended and so did director Julian Barrett's career. Now Barrett plans to resurrect his gory series via a modern reboot patterned after reality filmmaking. With his former leading lady and an eclectic group of 10 young "contestants," Barrett returns to the same locale where his old splatter-fests were filmed. When one of the campers is found savagely murdered, they realize there's more at stake than just fame and fortune. Each of them is in a fight for their lives as they realize summer is over - forever. Beginning in 1929 and ending in the present day, Kianoush Ayyari's powerful drama is about so-called honor killing, a taboo subject in modern Iran. The action, which is confined to the closed-off world of a family house and its grounds, with outside reality only impinging in the form of sounds and rumors, starts with a father murdering his daughter in an act of honor killing. With the complicity of his wife and son, he buries her corpse in the cellar. Family life continues, haunted by the shared knowledge of the murder across several generations. This conspiracy of silence and the film's exploration of the nature of complicity make for a powerful commentary on life in Iran, but Ayyari constructs his fable in such a fashion that ultimately it transcends nationality, culture, and religion and comes to depict the structure and inner workings of totalitarianism itself. A rancher and a wolf find themselves on the same side as they fight to survive. Directed by Xavier Miralles. Live concert of Delerium  Delerium has enchanted concert audiences worldwide with its unique blend of Electropop, Sacred and World Music, adorned with shimmering female vocals. Filmed in October 2008 at Washington D.C.'s award-winning Nightclub 9:30, with additional footage from Atlanta, West Palm Beach and Montreal, "Epiphany" captures the ethereal essence of a Delerium performance realized as "paintings in motion". Includes the hit song "Silence". Produced and directed by Nasty Byte. Also contains the bonus short film "Delerius", a behind-the-scenes romp with the band, includes interviews and fan footage. A family move into an abandoned orphanage and they soon learn that their new home has a disturbing history and that they aren't alone... A horror anthology of shorts themed around the five senses. MP2V - a rare online video format...is specifically designed for streaming terror. Follow a day-in-the-life of two sociopaths as they travel through small town America on a road trip of terror. WATCH them as they document and film their heinous acts and create a psychotic road diary at each and every unnerving turn. MP2V will take you on a journey unlike any other conventional film. MP2V is a film about serial killers...made by the killers themselves. A group of cryptozoologists venture into the Wisconsin woods to discover the truth behind the 'Beast Of Bray Road' legend. After three days, a rescue team found the footage that was shot. This is that footage, and shows the true story of the creature. An underground Brotherhood battling the demonic forces that thrive in the shadows of society find themselves unwillingly up against an evil more powerful than any one of them has ever seen... or so they think. Their faith, trust and friendship is put to the test as they discover that the true path to redemption - is sacrifice. Trapped in a London subway station, a woman who's being pursued by a potential attacker heads into the unknown labyrinth of tunnels beneath the city's streets Former Hollywood star Reagan Pearce is kidnapped by two men connected to his past while on location in Louisiana. When he wakes up bound and chained in a rundown shack, he soon discovers the real motives of his captors and finds himself in the middle of a twisted scheme with little chance to survive. With no rescue in sight, Reagan must use every ounce of strength he has left to break free and get his revenge. An ancient resurrected evil is loose at Western New York's largest and most terrifying haunted attraction: the House of Horrors. It's goal- to forever open the gates of Hell on Earth. Documentary about horror fans The story of 'CHRISTMAS SLAY' begins on a wintry Christmas Eve in the picturesque Kentish countryside, the horrific murder of a loving family, and the capture of a Santa Claus obsessed blood thirsty killer. A Christmas approaches the following year, a group of college girlfriends decide to get away from it all and relax and party over the Christmas holiday, they decide to escape to the idyllic Mistletoe Lodge nestled within the beautiful snowy mountains of the Scottish Highlands, what starts off as the perfect festive getaway of fun in the snow and a glass of eggnog or two, suddenly descends into a gruesome bloodbath of terror and a fight for survival. Janice does the unthinkable in order to start a new life with her new boyfriend. However, strange things begin to happen on the night of their one year anniversary. Wisecracking mercenary Deadpool battles the evil and powerful Cable and other bad guys to save a boy's life. Hoping to find proof of the paranormal, five film students set out to document the legendary Copper Queen Hospital. But as the sun goes down, they experience something far worse than they ever could have imagined and they find themselves pursued by a blood thirsty maniac After her father dies, Julie returns home to discover that her mentally fragile mother has fallen under the control of a man who claims to be her new boyfriend. Now, it's up to Julie to save her mom from not only a conman, but also from the split personalities that have made her his victim. Blood Riders is a blood soaked adventure comedy about 4 young friends who stumble upon a body after stealing a car. That discovery pushes the friends on a road trip around town during which they try get rid of the increasing amount of corpses. Along their wild ride the kids encounter neo-Nazis, punk artists, devil worshipers and a plan to resurrect Hitler. A Psychology graduate struggles with the depth of his first case involving a young woman suffering with depression. Sexy sword-fighter Beniko battles a pack of lecherous wolf-men in this "pinku eiga" version of the Little Red Riding Hood fairy tale. After inheriting a house from the family she never knew, Samantha Harris and three friends head to rural Sader Ridge to inspect the property. Soon after arriving, Sam begins to experience horrific visions of savage brutality and unspeakable evil. Plagued by the sinister forces closing in around her, Sam descends into a waking nightmare when the demons from her past refuse to stay buried any longer. Far away from the civilized world, in the deep isolation of the lonely backwoods, Carl Henry Jessup spends his days in twisted contemplation and hazy reverie of the good old days. His contempt for outsiders keeps him close to his hillbilly family home. Carrying on the family business, Carl keeps an eye out for Grade A meat. In the town of Harbor Bridge, it is said that when someone dies, his last breath stays in his throat. When the head is severed, that last breath can be taken by another, and the recipient becomes stronger. Narcissa Sentinel has been robbing graves to cure her illness with these last breaths but soon realizes that perhaps fresher specimens are in order. Five years have passed since the events of Sadako 3D. Akane is pregnant with a child with her boyfriend Takenori. However, Akane dies after giving birth to her daughter. When Takenori's sister Fuko takes up the task of caring for Akane's daughter, the infamous cursed video resurfaces. During her investigation, Fuko learns about the legend of Sadako's daughter... Raphael, a young executive who is on the verge of losing a multimillion dollar architectural deal with a large distribution company lead by the awkward Stanford(s). Raphael suffers a sudden death in his family and has to immediately leave to go to the funeral in his home town of Metzburgh. Seeing this as his big chance to get ahead is Wayne, a jealous co-worker who is in competition with Raphael. As Raphael returns to Metzburgh, he experiences a life changing event: witnessing a Grim Reaper taking a soul. This sighting results in Raphael becoming a Reaper and having to explore his own conscience and the lengths he will go to get his own life back. But Death, has other plans for the naive young executive. In ancient Egypt, Isis and Osiris ruled the land. All were happy for the couple except one, Set, a jealous man who killed Osiris in order to take over his kingdom. Isis snuck into Osiris' tomb and tried to raise him from the dead using her black magic. Set caught Isis in the act and had Osiris cut to pieces, with each piece buried in a different part of the land, so Isis could never again raise her husband. Isis vowed to avenge Osiris' death and return with him to rule over all the worlds. Now, six college students take their last course in archeology in anticipation for graduation. Their last assignment is to uncover and document the museum's new acquisitions with their teacher, Prof. Shields and world-renowned Egyptologist Dr. Nasir. During the night they haphazardly awaken the ancient spirit of Isis' lost soul and her wrath is unleashed on the group. On the anniversary weekend of the death of a young women's husband, five girls head out to a cabin to help their friend move past her husband's death. As the party continues a dark secret begins to unravel and a hideous past crawls out to seek revenge. Young female models are being strangled inexplicably. Will law enforcement be able to stop the crime wave before more women become victims? In March of 2011, three filmmakers disappeared in the Superstition Mountains of Arizona while documenting their search for the Lost Dutchman mine. Their bodies were never found... but their camera was. A man named Jake Weaver stumbles across an old Jailakung board which he played around with not knowing it would open up the gates of hell. A demonic force latches onto him and takes over his mind slowly, making the good part of him rot away. Almost like a possession by a demon. Only this demon called itself Jengo Hooper.  Expect some seriously mentally disturbing scenes, car chases, hot women, explosions, decapitated body parts and cannibalism. An American nanny is shocked that her new English family's boy is actually a life-sized doll. After she violates a list of strict rules, disturbing events make her believe that the doll is really alive. Time is ticking for captain Jackson Elis as he interrogates a mysterious man with ties to an unnamed bioterrorist group holding a team of B.S.A.A. operatives hostage. Foxtrot team is sent in to rescue the hostages through the zombie infested Red Falls. Is there any hope for the B.S.A.A. hostages? A man-cub named Mowgli fostered by wolves. After a threat from the tiger Shere Khan, Mowgli is forced to flee the jungle, by which he embarks on a journey of self discovery with the help of the panther, Bagheera and the free-spirited bear, Baloo. Black metal band Dissection performs live on this release. REBIRTH OF DISSECTION contains a full-length concert from the band, offering fans a chance to relive their punishing live show. Five Friends goes camping in the woods during a week end, filming everything. But at night, one of them vanish. Soon their vacation film turn into a terrific testimony. Oddball hot dog vendor Albert is shocked to find himself becoming the bizarre muse of enigmatic NYC photographer Ivan Worthington. But shocks come his way even more so when he finds out how difficult is is to succeed in the art world, leading him to take his own photographs that suit his very unique - and very limited - skill set. Zombie Hunter is set in a post-apocalyptic Zombie wasteland caused by the mysterious street drug "Natas". We follow one man who has nothing left other than a beat up Camaro and a trunk full of guns and booze. He runs down Flesh Eaters, hunting for sport and redemption, while also running from his past. After crashing into a small group of survivors, who are running low on resources, he decides to lend a hand. But a surprise attack by the Flesh Eaters forces them on the run and puts the Hunter's skills to the test. Bizarre nightmares plague Regan MacNeil four years after her possession and exorcism. Has the demon returned? And if so, can the combined faith and knowledge of a Vatican investigator and a hypnotic research specialist free her from its grasp? Nagayakshi is a celestial creature of lust who comes to Earth, mates with virginal men and kills them after she orgasms. Things take a turn when she falls in love with two mortal non-virginal men. Malcom McDowell, Lou Diamond Phillips and Robert Englund star in three separate stories set in an eerie mental asylum. An antiterrorism agent goes under the knife to acquire the likeness of a terrorist and gather details about a bombing plot. When the terrorist escapes custody, he undergoes surgery to look like the agent so he can get close to the agent's family. Inside a darkened house looms a column of TVs littered with VHS tapes, a pagan shrine to forgotten analog gods. The screens crackle and pop endlessly with monochrome vistas of static white noise permeating the brain and fogging concentration. But you must fight the urge to relax: this is no mere movie night. Those obsolete spools contain more than just magnetic tape. They are imprinted with the very soul of evil. Denis Leary and a cast of many others celebrate Christmas Leary-style. Packed with original music and skits, this is a great spin on the usual holiday fluff. Following up the successful "P.O.E.: Poetry of Eerie", some of the original filmmakers regrouped for this newest experiment which aims to bring the tales of Edgar Allen Poe to life through the distinct lens of Italian horror with spoken English. While the original film's focus was the poetic and macabre dimension of the infamous Boston author, this sequel focuses instead on the bloody, violent and disturbing. Stories include 'The Pit and the Pendulum', 'Solo', 'Loss of Breath', 'The Murders in the Rue Morgue', 'The Tell-Tale Heart', 'The System of Dr. Tar and Prof. Feather', and 'The Premature Burial'... Like you've never seen before! In this Supernatural Slasher flick, TV reporter Noelle Martin and her assistant Maya need to come up with a Halloween story fast! Along with another gal, they venture into the haunted area where several women accused of practicing witchcraft in the 1600's were buried. A mad doctor (Bela Lugosi) and his helpers (John Carradine, George Zucco) lure girls to his lab for brain work, to help his wife. A student falls in love with a fellow student who is defending his buddies in university court. He "proves his love" (more like his masculinity) to her by playing rugby against her ex-boyfriend. There's a big secret Raymond hides before a series of deaths happen in campus. In a private party Beby, his girlfriend, sets Myrna up, her own friend. Firman, Myrna's lover, forces her to have sex under the influence of drugs. Vaginismus happens, Myrna's and Firman's bodies can't be separated. Firman is embarrassed, asking help from his friends, Johan and Fandy. Firman's panic leads to Myrna's death and the campus laboratory bears witness to a shameful tragedy. To remove evidence, Firman, Johan and Fandy bury Myrna's body under a campus toilet.  Sophie and her family returned to her childhood home that she had not visited in a long time. However, they experienced terror of disturbances. They also tried to find out what really happened. After witnessing her Daddy's tragic death in the ring Charlie sets out to become a wrestler in his memory. The only things stopping her are a disapproving boyfriend, an overwhelming day job, and her corporate psycho boss - whose dodgy business practices threaten to unleash hordes of brain eating wrestling-monsters on the earth! Faced with a wrestle-pocalypse Charlie has no choice but to open up a can of whoop-ass and take these monstrous Jabronis for a stroll down smack down boulevard! From the director of the international cult film MURDERDROME comes FROM PARTS UNKNOWN: FIGHT LIKE A GIRL. The story of a young girl wrestling with life's issues - and some brain eating wrestle-monsters. On the Edge is about suicidal patients discovering their true selves while going through therapy in a treatment center. What starts as a poignant medical documentary about Deborah Logan's descent into Alzheimer's disease and her daughter's struggles as caregiver degenerates into a maddening portrayal of dementia at its most frightening, as hair-raising events begin to plague the family and crew and an unspeakable malevolence threatens to tear the very fabric of sanity from them all. A group of sorority girls are having a slumber party at their house. One of the new sorority girls is Leslie Borden, a descendant of the infamous Lizzie Borden family. They believe that they are holding a harmless seance to conjure the ghost of Lizzie. But they get locked in the house with an evil, vengeful spirit as Lizzie Borden returns to wreak havoc with her axe. One by one, the girls are murdered as they try to figure out how to put an end to the return of Lizzie Borden. The movie begins with Gan Wei, a novelist who has been grappling with writer's block for several years. Yet, a book written under her name - The Zodiac Mystery - appears in markets. Even more strangely, the people in the book bear the names of her childhood friends and experience situations that really happened to them. What's worse is that the book writes of a mistake that the friends have kept secret for years. As her other friends turn on her and the events of the novel begin to invade reality, only Tong Dawei's character stands by Gan Wei... A group of filmmakers sets out to make the first 3D found footage horror movie, but find themselves IN the first 3D found footage horror movie when the evil entity from their film escapes into their behind-the-scenes footage. Three sorority pledges are tasked with ensuring that the gals of Sigma Alpha Pi throw a killer party at an abandoned fraternity house. Unfortunately a vengeful spirit decides to take the killer epithet literally. With a special appearance by '80s hair metal titans White Sister! Until they lose their baby to a miscarriage, a young couple were happily settling into their new life in their spacious home. After the tragedy, Thao is inconsolable and won't let her baby's body leave the house. Normal life eludes her as terrifying visions undermine her sanity. Her husband, Thanh, experiences strange phenomena around their home and when his wife turns on him, he must race to uncover the secrets of the house in the alley before they lose their sanity and their lives. Three college students spend the night at a supposedly haunted house. TV host Spencer Knights puts his crew in peril by invoking an ancient evil whilst attempting to win the paranormal competition, 'Dark Vision' in the sprawling catacombs beneath a remote gothic tower... Two girls spend a weekend alone, sheltering in a solitary house next to a swamp, trying to live their love to the shelter of prying eyes. But they won't be alone... After losing his job and the end of his marriage, Junior returns to his father's house. But that is not his childhood house anymore. His old room has been rented by a young woman and the place feels unwelcome and oppressive. Junior develops and obsession for his family history, as strange things start happening in the house. A demon from Hell has an insatiable lust for blood. He is sent from hell to help a Satanic cult try to resurrect Satan and bring eternal Hell on Earth. A newlywed couple moves into a house in the middle of woods only to discover that the surrounding forest is host to sinister supernatural powers which turn them against each other. One man's odyssey into a nightmarish world of Pagan sexual rituals and Druidic practices, while searching for his history professor who has mysteriously disappeared. Atmospheric & disturbing, this is homage to 80's folk horror with echos of Wicker Man. Helen Keller vs. Nightwolves tells the shocking story of how a group of Nightwolves terrorized a tiny village taking people's hearing and eye sight... and the one woman who fought back. A traumatized, alcoholic Dan Torrance meets Abra, a kid who also has the ability to "shine." He tries to protect her from the True Knot, a cult whose goal is to feed off of people like them in order to remain immortal. In order to revamp the once famous nightclub she inherited from her grandfather, Renae employs lingerie models, which attract more customers, but also an unknown killer. Eddie returns to his home town hoping to pick up the pieces of his broken life. There he meets Amy, a mysterious young woman with an undeniable allure. Eddie falls for her, but he doesn't know that Amy is a conduit - a channel for evil that she must spread to others through attraction. Crew of "Paranormal Legends" went to film their 4th season at the place where La Llorona (Weeping woman) was reportedly seen. Only thing that's left was 17 hours of tapes and 2 camcorders. A serial killer terrorizes a woman searching for the remains of her dead sister, trapping her in a web of horror and erotic intrigue. In a highly secured vault deep within the walls of Vatican City, the Catholic Church holds thousands of old films and video footage documenting exorcisms/supposed exorcisms and other unexplained religious phenomena they feel the world is not ready to see. This is the first tape - Case 83-G - stolen from these archives and exposed to the public by an anonymous source. Using a special camera that can see spirits, a family must protect their daughter from an evil entity with a sinister plan. Seventeen-year-old Jesse has been hearing terrifying sounds coming from his neighbor's apartment, but when he turns on his camera and sets out to uncover their source, he encounters an ancient evil that won't rest until it's claimed his very soul. A mentally unstable man, who has been kept in isolation for years, escapes and causes trouble for his identical twin brother. A family who moved into a remote mill house in Ireland finds themselves in a fight for survival with demonic creatures living in the woods. Micke is a young, criminally charged man trying to escape his past in the most literal sense of word. But once the past is a masked man with a meat cleaver it's easier said than done. Meanwhile, the metal band Malum arrives at the rock club Perrong 23, with mixed feelings, for their first play on a tour. The mystery seals when their roads are crossed, in an orgy of blood and violent chaos. Who is the masked man? What is he looking for? And why does he kill anyone who comes in his way? Isabel Sarli as a nymphomaniac wife who can't remain faithful to her husband so he seeks help from a psychologist to find out why his wife is always cheating on him with both men and women. After visiting a funeral, six friends are slowly hunted one by one during their trip up north together as the full moon rises. Radioactive weed turns people into zombies with the munchies for human flesh! Set a few months into the post-apocalyptic world, from the narrated perspective of an infected girl by the name of 'Emily,' Lone Walker is a film of flashbacks and recollections to a time when she was alive. A single mom and her two boys help take care of their grandmother with mystical powers The minister of a once vibrant, landmark Baptist church, now struggling to survive, is the sole hold-out in a decaying Philadelphia neighborhood earmarked for gentrification.  But ultimately, the preacher's steely resolve to preserve his family's evangelical legacy in the community and dwindling congregation dissolves under relentless pressure from his status-seeking wife and greedy church leaders--Lured by cash bribes and promises from unscrupulous developers to establish a flashy "mega-ministry" elsewhere.  Soon, the spirits of founding congregational members - stirred from the disquiet of their graves by the remorseless trespasses of another generation - begin to make their displeasure known. As the sinners - abruptly and inexplicably bound within the confines of the sanctuary - fall prey, they must all re-examine their choices and bow to the will of the covenant ... only to reveal the righteous among them. Ben is a brain damaged young man who awakens from a violent accident to a restored intellect and supernatural abilities, which allow him to control the happenings of his world. Loosely based on the true events of a homeless loner who moves into a self-storage facility inhabited by a community of bizarre squatters until they are locked in for the night with a deranged female who hunts them down in search of her lost child. A consumer grade DLP projector is powered on without a signal.  This day Elena doesn't want to smile. Desperate to keep her husband's secret, a devoted politician's wife struggles to stave off threats that could ruin their promising new life. Horror tv movie from Mexico A doomsday virus of madness and death has destoyed the world's adult population. Only the young survive. They watch in horror as their parents go mad and die. Haunted by terrifying memories, they fight for life in a bleak wasteland. Gangs of teens and outlaw children roam the scarred landscape. Sisters Evie and Fran keep to themselves, two outsiders gathering food and moving from town to town. A suspense thriller about a reporter from Miami who travels to Ecuador in pursuit of a serial killer known as the "Monster of Babahoyo." A group of kids must protect their vacation home from invading aliens. A young couple arrive at a retreat in the English countryside in the hope of saving their failing marriage. But when the people around them start to be picked off by a vicious killer, the weekend becomes a matter of saving their lives. Carmilla comes to a rural town where her mother mysteriously disappeared years earlier. She is aided in her quest by an emotionally troubled local girl, with whom she becomes romantically involved. Their relationship ignites the wrath of the girl's father, who holds the key to the dreadful truth Carmilla is seeking. Inspired by Joseph Sheridan Le Fanu's famed Gothic novella. A mysterious virus hits an isolated elementary school, transforming the kids into a feral swarm of mass savages. An unlikely hero must lead a motley band of teachers in the fight of their lives. A documentary filmmaker takes his three friends out into the woods of Vermont searching for Bigfoot. Lee Hanlon, the smartest student at an elite military school called the Complex, is intrigued by the academy's Black Skulls brotherhood but finds himself thrust into the role of global savior when he discovers their devilish origin. During a shootout in a saloon, Sheriff Hunt injures a suspicious stranger. One of the villagers takes care of him in prison. One day they both disappear - only the spear of a cannibal tribe is found. Hunt and a few of his men go in search of the prisoner and his nurse. In 2012, a small film crew and a paranormal team traveled to a remote american indian burial ground located on an isolated island in northern Lake Michigan. Their mission was to unearth the truth behind a series of tragic paranormal related incidents that occurred on the island in 1989. What they encountered was a horror no one was prepared for. The film crew captured footage of the terrifying events as they first set foot on the shore of garden island and the horror that unraveled including the remaining moments in their own demise. A SUPER 16MM FEATURE FILM. SURVIVAL IS ALL THAT MATTERS.  Every childhood is normal...to the child who lives it. For Meredith that means an enchanted seclusion that is shattered when she is deprived of her mother. Desperate and alone, Meredith must join a household with other women and their children, a sinister man who controls every facet of her existence, and a vicious bear that only she can see. As life in this world becomes increasingly strange and frightening, Meredith realizes that she must flee, even though she fears she has not learned enough to survive on her own. Escaping death, a Hebrew infant is raised in a royal household to become a prince. Upon discovery of his true heritage, Moses embarks on a personal quest to reclaim his destiny as the leader and liberator of the Hebrew people. Three strangers find themselves at a villa, each with the same goal of discovering the Fountain of Youth, rumored to be nearby. One by one they succumb to the carnal perversions and depraved delights provided by the villa, unaware they are pawns in the resurrection of a centuries old evil. In Twisted Minds we find exactly how dark a pleasure can run and how a look can be transformed into something individual, exciting but yet stunning. Zinga, a gypsy woman, is sentenced to death by guillotine for her crimes, claiming to be innocent. She's given a choice, to lose her head by the blade or to be given over to the wealthy, incarcerated Marquis de la Croix. Zynga chooses the Marquis. Now the Marquis has the girl's life in his hands and can do with her whatever he pleases. But what pleases him will make Zinga wish she had chosen the quick death of the guillotine. A formidable descend to human decay. A boy writes a comic book with his best friend, and finds situations depicted in the comic book coming to life. Along with the appearance of a mysterious girl, the boy is forced to face the reality of what he has written, and begins a battle to attempt to rewrite death. A young woman studying the habits of webcam chat users from the apparent safety of her apartment witnesses a brutal murder online and is quickly immersed in a nightmare in which she and her loved ones are targeted for the same grisly fate as the first victim. Speak No Evil is the story of Anna, a single mother fighting to protect her daughter from demonically possessed children and a town gone mad. A romantic drama which aims to allure the urban crowd, stars Nithiin Reddy and Adah Sharma. With a tagline `I need one hour kiss to burn 300 calories` - that suggests the film is high on romantic quotient A widow retreats to a remote cottage to recover from a suicide attempt, only to discover the place is haunted. "Infliction" is the actual assembled footage taken from the cameras belonging to two brothers, who documented a murder spree in North Carolina. The journey of a woman scientist who, at the end of times, discovers that true Faith can bring Miracles. The story about the relationship between a manic depressive man, Mr Jones, and the female doctor who takes more than a professional interest in his treatment. Two young friends discover a dream recording machine and start making money out of it. Meanwhile, a man discovers that the screenwriter of his life is dead, and therefore, nothing is going on in his life. The abolishment of a railway station in a remote Bosnian village affects the lives of the local railwaymen. The year is 1977 and the Black Dawn is putting its diabolical plan to resurrect Count Dracula into motion. Victoria Van Helsing and Patricia Pennyweather must battle the Black Dawn, the mysterious T.R.A. and even Count Dracula himself to save the world. A vacationing family encounters an alien threat in this pulse-pounding thriller based on the real-life Brown Mountain Lights phenomenon in North Carolina. Community Service the Movie is about a young boy, Billy, who had a rough childhood and ends up being committed to a psychiatric center. Roughly 20 years later, Billy discovers that one of his old childhood tormentors is now in charge of running community service program, which is taking place at a campground a few miles away from the psychiatric center. When Billy escapes from the institution, eight troubled teens are in for more than just a weekend of Community Service. A mentally challenged girl proves herself to be every bit as capable as her "perfect" sister when she moves into an apartment and begins going to college. Two killers descend into a morbid and brutal inferno of torture, killing, necrophilia and disturbing hallucinations. After Jake Tilton is given a mystical "monkey's paw" talisman that grants its possessor three wishes, he finds his world turned upside down after his first two wishes result in his malevolent coworker, Tony Cobb, being resurrected from the dead. When Cobb pressures Jake into using the final wish to reunite Cobb with his son, his intimidation quickly escalates into relentless murder - forcing Jake to outwit his psychotic friend and save his remaining loved ones. Based on a true story, "House On The Hill" is a true crime melodrama with strong horror elements, chronicling the outrageous 1980s murder spree of serial killer Leonard Lake, who would target, kidnap, rob and kill people - and even whole families. Sonia, the only survivor of Lake's killing spree, teams up with a private investigator to help him locate a woman who disappeared into Lake's compound. In the process, Sonia recounts the horrors of the house, where Lake and his accomplice would force her to videotape the killings. Every man's dream becomes every man's nightmare when a recently-single 20-something picks up three cam girls at a bar and welcomes them into his home. A young man persuades his younger brother into robbing a chain of houses with them. Unfortunately for them, one of the houses on their list belongs to a sadistic serial killer. Regular guy Ed (Marcus Carroll) awakes one morning to find that his Grandmother has become one of the living dead. While trapped in his home Ed tries to survive the day, keep his house zombie free, stay alive and save the day. A newlywed couple disappeared in 1974, their 8mm tapes reveal one of the most horrifying events in Mexican history. Three gangster groups made up of Malay, Chinese and Indian, for the past 50 years, has ruled a local town in Malaysia. After the three leaders mysteriously die, each of their sons begins to feel a growing hatred towards each other, and tries to take over their respective territory. By escaping from the hands of the Angel of Death, the three leaders return from grave to save their children from a bloody fate at the hands of their rivals. In a classic case of 'wrong place, wrong time' a petty thief named Te Sai (Namewee) becomes their only hope. Can the most unlikely hero save the town from bloodshed on the country's faithful independence day? Sam wants to live a normal happy life with his girlfriend and soon-to-be wife Lisa. However, Lisa is desired by many, among which includes a mentally disturbed guy named Haikal. Their nightmare begins when Haikal makes a decision to kidnap both Sam and Lisa to take revenge for her rejection towards him. Will Sam and Lisa survive their ordeal? story of a rock singer who want to produce a music video of his own but does not have the budget for it. At the same time, Saiful, an editor in his late 20's, is harbouring a secret crush towards his female colleague named Ros. Saiful becomes jealous when his boss, Che Wan, also becomes interested in Ros. Strange events begin happening when Saiful finds a mysterious necklace. Ros becomes possessed when she rejects Saiful's attempts to give her the necklace, while the other workers are disturbed by the evil powers of the necklace... Ben and Annie are a young couple on a weekend trip to Annie's small North Carolina hometown who, after meeting a charming old friend, embark on an impromptu 'Bigfoot hunt' that threatens both their relationship and their lives. A bottle with an evil spirit trapped inside accidentally dropped into a lake at a resort. Few years later, Mawar overtakes the resort and there are mysterious things happen. Fauzi who just lost his wife and daughter in a fatal accident comes to this resort for holiday. Mawar tries to help him getting rid of his depression. However, the invasion of Hantu Air troubles the resort customers continuously. A man who suspects his wife is cheating on him begins having nightmarish visions of an evil presence that he believes inhabits his house.  In this low budget 80s slasher homage, a small Tennessee town becomes the playground to a sadistic, masked killer. But with the town's sheriff and locals more worried about the big high school football game than getting to the bottom of the murders, a detective from out of town must rush to save the lives of a group of teens throwing a party in the middle of all the mayhem. In her final year at school, Anthropology student Lorraine decides to film her final project - the subject of exorcism within the Catholic Church. Recording interviews with priests from the local diocese, she stumbles upon Fr. Byrne, an older priest who is currently helping a young mother whose daughter is apparently possessed by a demonic force. The curiosity of Lorraine, along with her camera operator, Cathal, leads them down a dark path of discovering the terrifying truth, and things go from strange to worse as all involved become entangled into a frightful journey to save a little girl's life. When Liz returns home on a college break, her best friend Ashley coaxes her out for a rendezvous with ex-boyfriend Danny at Preston Castle, an abandoned boys correctional institute with a gruesome past. What begins as a dare for the three teens seeking weekend excitement, turns into a grisly nightmare as they try to escape an evil presence still lurking on the terrifying grounds. As they probe the decaying depths and shadows of Preston Castle, they find themselves in deeper and deeper trouble with no way out from the maze of rooms and locked doors. Trapped inside, they're caught in a horrifying life and death struggle with the unstoppable evil. Will they all survive the night? A desperate doctor locks down South Union Cardiac Hospital to keep the greatest discovery in human history to himself, while a young intern races to save a dying young dancer, his ex-girlfriend, and his best friend, and stop his mentor. Jenny Bilson, a high school senior, is the perfect student, a wonderful daughter to a veteran police detective and an all American Dream. But the one mistake she is unaware of making is about to haunt her in a very violent way, as her past returns for revenge. Decay follows several students that discover that the maintenance crew of the Large Hadron Collider have been transformed into zombies after the particle accelerator malfunctions. The students must try to evade the zombies while running through CERN's maintenance tunnels. Set along a backdrop of a fictitious second world war at an international city in Asia. In Japan, Lieutenant Colonel Yuki (Yusuke Iseya) recommends the creation of spy training school "D Kikan". Meanwhile, Kato (Kazuya Kamenashi) is facing capital punishment for his refusal to follow a superior's order. Kato is then scouted by "D Kikan". He goes through a harsh training regiment and faces his first mission as a spy. In order to seize American ambassador Graham's confidential documents "Black Note." Kato infiltrates into an international city. A battle to gain possession of the "Black Note" ensues between Kato, a mysterious woman named Rin (Kyoko Fukada), the British Spy Agency, the Soviet Spy Agency and the radical army in Japan. Teenager Isabel Mann is seduced by a violent sect of day-walking vampires. Her classmates start to go missing, attracting two detectives.Things get weird as the disturbed teenager kills at will in the nearby woods. She's aided by head vampire Alejo, and eerily by Isabel's lost mother, an earlier recruit. She's trained in the art of the kill with horrifically bloody results for those she loves. Doron, a security operative, who takes on one last mission: to capture, number 3 in the terrorist organization of Hezbollah, in Lebanon. With an elite force, Doron enters Lebanon to complete his last mission. Very soon he discovers that reality is not so simple, and that a new and unknown enemy is to be dealt with - and Hezbollah are the last thing on his mind. Doron has to deal with a ticking clock in the form of extensive I.D.F attack and a bloodthirsty enemy, Now that their enemy has changed its face, it's up to him and his unit to wage a new war, a different war, to find an antidote, get back across the border, before the middle east conflict is changed forever. When tragedy rocks Blackfoot High, rebellious outsider Maddy Killian shocks the student body by joining the cheerleading squad. This decision drives a rift between Maddy and her ex-girlfriend Leena Miller -- a loner who claims to practice the dark arts. After a confrontation with the football team, Maddy and her new cheerleader friends are sent on a supernatural roller coaster ride which leaves a path of destruction none of them may be able to escape. Remake of their own 2001 feature film. The film is set in Tuscany during the Black Death. As in the Decameron, ten young Florentines take refuge from the plague. But instead of telling stories, they have lusty adventures, bawdy exchanges, romance and swordplay. There are randy nuns, Saracen pirates, and a sexy cow. After returning from a wedding reception, a couple staying in an isolated vacation house receive a knock on the door in the mid-hours of the night. What ensues is a violent invasion by three strangers, their faces hidden behind masks. The couple find themselves in a violent struggle, in which they go beyond what either of them thought capable in order to survive.  A family imprisoned by intruders is forced to play a terrifying game of "Kill, Or Be Killed". As the night unfolds, the game's mysterious rules become clear, and the family realizes their nightmare is being streamed live to riveted viewers all over the world, who are compelled to KEEP WATCHING... not knowing if what they're seeing is real, or staged. During a wild weekend in Las Vegas, four young friends get into trouble with a loan shark and must skip town in a hurry. But gambling problems may be the least of their worries after they get stranded in the Nevada desert. One of the guys discovers a mysterious metal fragment, then promptly goes missing during the night. When the remaining three catch up with their lost friend, there's something different about him. As his condition worsens, the others realize that something unearthly might be stalking them in the desert. Two graduate students and lover's from USF studying Criminal Behavioral Sciences attempt to secure an interview with an active serial killer. Drew is a nerdy teacher that can't even control the students in her classroom. When threatened by the classroom bully, Drew does what she knows best... back down. Not even words of wisdom from the principal can muster a show of strength from a wimp who seems destined for a second-rate life. And this is before the zombie apocalypse. With populations being overrun by the rapidly spreading plague of zombies, Drew flees to the sanctuary of the country where she is quickly overcome by a lack of survival skills, the relentless Texas heat and, of course, zombies. But Drew must learn that that running from her problems is much like running from zombies. They find you. They always find you. Along her odyssey, Drew encounters a cast of characters that both help and hamper her path to finding the strength within herself that will make or break her ability to survive these terrible new times of unending death... and her annoying new companions. Barry is a talented mechanic and family man whose life is torn apart on the eve of a zombie apocalypse. His sister, Brooke, is kidnapped by a sinister team of gas-mask wearing soldiers & experimented on by a psychotic doctor. While Brooke plans her escape Barry goes out on the road to find her & teams up with Benny, a fellow survivor - together they must arm themselves and prepare to battle their way through hordes of flesh-eating monsters in a harsh Australian bushland. Seven strangers try to survive in the aftermath of a devastating outbreak. They must band together to escape from an isolated Los Angeles that has been hit by a virus that dramatically alters infected humans. From the land of early Peter Jackson comes another Braindead movie in bad taste. It's the third day of shooting the low budget horror 'Tonight They Come' on location in the wilds of New Zealand. Director SMP is already beside himself having to work with a self-obsessed leading man and a bimbo actress when into his line of fire comes a new runner, wannabe screenwriter Wesley Pennington. Clearly an accident-prone nerd, Wesley nevertheless tries his best to fit in with the crazed cast and demented crew while falling head over heels for Susan, the set caterer. But something nasty has entered the local water supply and suddenly the zombie extras start acting like genuine members of the living dead, gore stunts looks even more authentic and actual severed limbs fly. Reel life turns real as Wesley attempts to save the day while ensuring his latest script will get made. Naturally beautiful, Katie has just settled into New York where she, like many other young women, is trying to make it as a model. But what starts out as an innocent and simple photo shoot soon turns into something disturbingly unthinkable! Raped, tortured and kidnapped to a foreign country, Jessica is buried alive and left to die. Against all odds, she manages to escape. Severely injured, she will have to tap into the darkest places of the human psyche to not only survive, but to exact her revenge... A doctor and his family receive an unexpected delivery from an old friend at their remote country home - a large wooden crate containing a gun, a female zombie and an instruction sheet telling them not to feed her meat. The family is concerned, of course, but she seems harmless enough. Perhaps she can help clean up outside? Seven high-school friends begin their Euro-trip at the actual castle of Vlad the Impaler where he supposedly sold his soul to the devil over 500 years earlier, but the decrepit castle's past envelopes them in a bloody ritual. Five shorts in the zombie genre; "Dweezle", "A Picture To Die For", "Black Bone Woods", "Zoe Dies In The End", and "Here Lies Bud." A group of ghost hunters must up their game to compete in the competitive world of paranormal TV shows, leading them to a truly haunted prison with a grisly past that proves to be more than they bargained for. Peter Parker and his friends go on a summer trip to Europe. However, they will hardly be able to rest - Peter will have to agree to help Nick Fury uncover the mystery of creatures that cause natural disasters and destruction throughout the continent. Trying to find inspiration for his next horror novel, Blake retreats to the Appalachian Mountains with his mistress, Angelica. Upon arrival they learn about the case of several missing boys in the area. When Angelica follows a lead to one of the missing boys and disappears, Blake becomes a prime suspect. Waking in a hospital, bruised and beaten, a young man struggles to piece together the events of a horrifying weekend. Amid flashes of relaxing with friends, the image of a killer begins to emerge - creeping ever closer. Somewhere within his memories and the madness lies the key to the killer's identity, which, once discovered, may be more horrific than the murders themselves. Set in rural southern Louisiana Jake's Road is a tale of family and how one moment can rip loved ones apart or bind them forever. With enough twists and turns to keep viewers guessing until the very end, we discover what drives a man to kill all that he loves and fight for all that he has. Drew returns home after 35 years to discover that the creature he imagined living under his bed as a child is real - and it's a succubus. Of ghost hunting, real estate speculators and vanity projects. Orbiting above a planet on the brink of war, scientists test a device to solve an energy crisis and end up face-to-face with a dark alternate reality. A desperate and poor couple, Kamil (Fizz Fairuz) &amp; Soraya (Nabila Huda), motivated by greed and lust for material and spiritual wealth, is forced to make a pact with the devil which involves certain forbidden rituals. But when Soraya is caught by the police and implicated in a murder, Kamil must build a strong case against the prosecutors and race against time to save her from certain death. This film is about a family that lives in three different houses in one night when the rain is falling. In each of the houses there's an unrevealed secret, they have their own emotion just like what we feel every time we enter a different house. Sarah &amp; Josh are married suburbanites. After a car accident, Sarah suffers blackouts &amp; ends up pregnant though Josh is sterile. As her life spirals she hides a camera in her home &amp; unlocks a horrific secret with far-reaching consequences. 10 years ago, Officer James Fincher narrowly escaped being killed at the hands of a masked maniac. Now a Detective, a new string of murders has begun in Havenwood. Has the Ripper returned? Don Wallace arrives at Slaughterhouse, an elite boarding school in the English countryside where the children of the wealthiest are groomed to dominate society. But the monolithic rules of the British upper class change when greed and recklessness unleash an ancient power hidden for centuries and future predators become helpless prey. Months after a scarring event, a tight-knit group of friends are taken captive while on vacation at a cabin by a seemingly normal couple. After days of being subjected to sleep deprivation and mental torture, the group must desperately try to discover the motivation of their captors before they're taken out one by one. High school history teacher, Ty Anderson, has a minor online communication with a teasing student which finds him immediately fired and snaps him into a psychotic killing spree, terrorizing his former female students at their slumber party. In the aftermath of a family tragedy, an aspiring author is torn between love for her childhood friend and the temptation of a mysterious outsider. Trying to escape the ghosts of her past, she is swept away to a house that breathes, bleeds... and remembers. Tom and Brenda have the perfect life but when Brenda is violently attacked in the comfort of their home, their perfect lives are thrown into chaos and fear. After a tragic accident Grace is lost and alone in the Smoky Mountains. Grace's struggle for survival is made more complicated by her troubled past. Battling the demons in her mind may be the only way to come out alive. After Using the instructions found in an old Jewish diary,  Markus and Thomas hope to gain access to a WW II underground military base formerly codenamed: Cerusit. It was used by the Nazis as a secret research institute and is shrouded in rumors to this day about the lost gold of the Third Reich. The entrance to the cave system, however, lies right within the restricted area of a U.S. military base.. the first of many problems Markus and Thomas will have to face. When a group of teenagers decides to quench their curiosity of the mystical by breaking into the school and conjuring up a spirit, nothing could prepare them for the gruesome fight they faced ahead. In this entirely student-made sequel to the 2012 film Last Night Forever, ordinary teens must find a way to rid themselves of the spirit of the crazed serial killer responsible for the massacre the school had seen 5 years beforehand. The students must beat the regular ingredients of high school drama: Love, Gossip, Confusion and Betrayal. But unlike most, the terror-stricken students must also face enemies they've never faced before: Voodoo, Murder and SACRIFICE Graduate student Calliope Girard's orderly life is thrown into chaos by unexplained seizures that unlock buried memories of a violent past. A masked maniac terrorizes the same small community where a murderer known as the Phantom Killer struck decades earlier. The Blue Meanies take over Pepperland, draining it of all its color and music, firing anti-music missiles, bonking people with green apples, and turning the inhabitants to stone by way of the pointed finger of a giant blue glove. As the only survivor, the Lord Admiral escapes in the yellow submarine and goes to Liverpool to enlist the help of the Beatles. A betrayed wife begins to investigate her husband's mistresses. Her jealousy is gradually replaced by curiosity. Thailand's latest horror omnibus is made up of three chilling stories. Two sisters who own a wig shop are haunted by a female ghost whose hair were made into one of the wigs on sale. A funeral home employee falls in love with a female corpse who died alongside her fiance in an accident just before their wedding. Two company directors who love playing scary pranks on their employees finally get their comeuppance when they themselves face a real ghost. Three stories set at 3 AM, the scariest hour of the night, where all spirits are free to roam. After leaving a doctor visit with the worst news, Valerie Dreyfuss and her sister Melissa come to a stop on a lonely stretch of road. Their car is engulfed by a blinding light....12 hours later Valerie wakes to the horror that her sister is gone, nowhere to be found. A young writer believes she has discovered the holy grail of terror, the knives used by Jack the Ripper for his notorious murders. Anthology Horror A grisly murder perpetrated by a deranged killer, Jake Johnson's wife and daughter were murdered by a Psychotic vigilante only known as The Laughing Mask. As the police look for clues and the body count begins to rise, Johnson will play a dangerous game in order to avenge his family' death. 17 yr old Jasmine struggles to come to terms with her fathers death. She and her best friend Skye are left to take care of their younger siblings Zac, Blake and Eva when their mother's Sandy and Katherine decide to go on a girls night out to give Sandy a breather. Jasmine and Skye take the kids to the notoriously haunted Quarantine station to research a school assignment where they find out more about a resident ghost; Jolene Denman, AKA the girl in the pink dress. In an attempt to scare the boys, they pretend to evoke the spirit of the troubled girl but when things start going terribly wrong they begin to realize that their actions have had serious consequences. Jasmine and Jolene have a fateful connection. That night as Jasmine's behavior becomes increasingly concerning, Jasmine's boyfriend Cameron and Skye discover that the kids have gone missing. Last year, a group of filmmakers set out to investigate 13 of the most haunted locations in Georgia to gather evidence of the supernatural for their next horror film... they never finished. This is the movie they never got to make. Samantha "Sam" works at a crisis hot-line where she listens to strangers and helps them deal with their pain. It's a pain she knows well since the hot-line saved her life once when she lost her sight and didn't know how to live in a world of darkness. On her last night on the job, Sam receives an terrifying visit from one of her regular callers who feels betrayed that she's leaving him. This man is no ordinary caller. He's a sadistic serial killer she's unknowingly been keeping from killing himself for over a year. With only a skeleton on the graveyard shift, there's very little that stands between him and Sam. He's come for her and won't let anything or anyone stand in his way. Will Sam survive the longest, darkest night of her life? During her wedding ceremony, Rachel notices Luce in the audience and feels instantly drawn to her. The two women become close friends, and when Rachel learns that Luce is a lesbian, she realizes that despite her happy marriage to Heck, she is falling for Luce. As she questions her sexual orientation, Rachel must decide between her stable relationship with Heck and her exhilarating new romance with Luce. Gut Instincts contains four horrific little tales. Call Me is about a man who thinks a night of passion is in store, but when he gets home, what awaits him is far from passion. In Patterson Road, a group of teens ventures to a wooded area rumored to have a hidden cemetery. They should have been careful what they asked for because in this case, that's exactly what they got. Speaking Ill of the Dead has a basic theme that karma is a bitch. And Trip has Terra, a struggling alcoholic looking for anything to decrease her stress. In all of these tales, characters had a bad feeling, a gut instinct, about what they were doing, but they didn't listen and paid the ultimate price. Ten years after a tsunami destroyed a small-town elementary school with all the children inside, a young man builds a mysterious structure out of the school's remains, setting the town aflame with passions long forgotten. Having recovered from a shattering emotional breakdown, college professor Ben Marshall relocates to the countryside with his wife and young son, hoping for a fresh start. He has a teaching job lined up and a new home to move into; things finally look to be going Ben's way. Until, that is, he starts to feel that something isn't quite right in the house. Finding himself plagued by spectral visions, Ben becomes obsessed with uncovering the truth behind a local mystery that appears to be putting the lives of his family in danger The filming of a hit reality TV show goes horribly wrong when a group of small town cops respond to a call that brings a whole new meaning to the phrase, domestic disturbance. Tommy has been suffering from bad dreams as far back as he can remember. He could never sleep more than eight hours without waking up screaming. Now, on his sixteenth birthday, he's ready to party, that is if 3 demons don't stop them first. Will Tommy and his punker friends survive the birthday bash? Or will they become more cattle for the world's largest human slaughterhouse, the City of the Dream Demons? Eva's confrontation with the corrupt winemakers' elite, which controls the whole town in conspiracy with mysterious winepires. It is one year later. Bridgette is returning to the home she hasn't seen since she was a child, for a small family reunion. The vampire, Morgan Locke, is still spreading the plague of vampirism wherever he goes. On her first night, Bridgette will meet his latest victim, and so will the rest of the family...one last time. "Blood Reunion 2: Madeline" is the second entry in the Blood Reunion Trilogy from filmmaker Jim DeVault, and stars Lorraine Eubank, Kevin Scott Fuller, Steven N. Russell, John Pinder, Nicole Holt, Rafeal Enrique Santiago, Joshua Briscoe, Jessica Willis, and introduces Sarah Bell in her first feature film role. Cierra Angelik takes on the role of Madeline. Deep in the Louisiana swamp lives a legend. In the fall of 2013, the legend comes to life. Many have seen, some have heard, and none have forgotten: the giant hairy creature with glowing red eyes that locals refer to as the Beast of Bayou Dorcheat. When the long dormant Bigfoot monster seemingly begins a brutal reign of terror, a glamorous talk show host, Dr. Anna Rock, must leave her highly coveted position to search for her younger sister Megan, a Bigfoot researcher, in the swampy wilderness of northern Louisiana. In the wake of a viral outbreak throughout Bahrain, a group of strangers become acquainted with each other when they realize that they must unite to ward off the undead plague. A freelance videographer, a rookie police officer, an undercover PDEA agent, and a crime-in-progress. Only tonight, a comet flies over Manila and the cosmic disturbances turn everything on its head for one night. Everything that could go wrong suddenly foes right. When an American teenager gets bullied at her school in Southeast Asia, she fights back--and gets sent to a reform school. But the "school" is more like a prison, and the young teenager must fend off predatory guards and menacing gangs to survive Brooklyn mobster and prolific hit man Jimmy Conlon has seen better days. Longtime best friend of a mob boss, Jimmy is haunted by the sins of his past--as well as a dogged police detective who's been one step behind Jimmy for 30 years. But when Jimmy's estranged son becomes a target, Jimmy must make a choice between the crime family he chose and the real family he abandoned long ago. Now, with nowhere safe to turn, Jimmy has just one night to figure out exactly where his loyalties lie and to see if he can finally make things right. In the 1830's emigrants from Salem, Massachusetts fled their satanic legacy and came to settle in LaSalle County,Illinois. They brought along with them some of their more unpleasant, unsavory past. There were plain wars between settlers and Indians and whites put together a massacre and mass buried them in what became the cemetery. The Moon family were the curators of the plots. Local legend began after such things as farmers being woken up in the middle of the night with loud crashes coming from the cemetery, and then investigating and seeing all the tombstones knocked over. And then there were the murders. A sewage worker gets trapped inside a septic tank during a water contamination crisis and undergoes a hideous transformation. To escape, he must team up with a docile Giant and confront the murdering madman known as Lord Auch. Azura is woman who isn't so young anymore and she is obsessed with becoming a mother. Driven passionately by her nagging mother and competitive sister, she is meticulously monitoring her ovulation cycle to try and conceive with her apathetic boyfriend. After months of trying, her obsession is rapidly growing worse. When she finally reaches her breaking point and finds out a hidden secret, how far will she go to become pregnant? Not everyone is conceived out of love. This is a dramatic tale of a woman's need to procreate taken to horrific levels It tells the story of a group of young, driven by the curiosity of supernatural phenomenal, decide ouija practice. What at first seemed like a game, it becomes a nightmare when a priest, an expert in this type of paranormal events, decides warn through some recordings in which some students performed the same ritual. Bobby Stano had everything going for him. Fresh out of high school, he was signed to the majors, had a beautiful girlfriend, everything was looking up. That is, until he and his friends get into a fight with a neighboring gang. The confrontation results in an accidental fatality and quickly changes Bobby's life forever. He's found guilty of murder and locked in prison for the next thirteen years. When Bobby is released, he's faced with a vilified reputation, a relationship to rekindle and a new life to find. A rash of grisly murders plagued a small southern Ohio town for over a decade, before ending abruptly in 1992. Now, 20 years later, this small town is again terrified as the body count begins to rise. Inspired by true events. Jennifer is a British-Ghanaian girl who visits Ghana for the first time and experiences her Aunty Barbara treating the domestic worker Efua very harshly. Michael Myers stalks a group of party-goers who break into Smith's Grove Sanitarium on Halloween night. Set in a timeless mythical forest inhabited by fairies, goblins, unicorns and mortals, this fantastic story follows a mystical forest dweller, chosen by fate, to undertake a heroic quest. He must save the beautiful Princess  Lili and defeat the demonic Lord of Darkness, or the world will be plunged into a never-ending ice age. A girl witnesses a horrible sight online, then the electricity is cut off inside her apartment. Later when the light returns, she feel that she is not alone. Jeremy, a local police officer leads a life of a confusing past, spending his current time searching for his kidnapper as a child. After other children begin missing, Jeremy pieces together the truth and realizes that his childhood kidnapper could be a creature of ancient yuletide lore, Krampus, who is the brother of St. Nick, and punisher of children who perform acts of unspeakable evil without repercussion. Can Jeremy kill Krampus and prevent more missing children? A group of people try to survive an attack of bloodthirsty zombies while trapped in a rural Pennsylvania farmhouse. Revenge is served on a spear when dirty cops brutally murder DEVIN, an innocent African-American med student. Devin's soul is magically transferred into the body of an action figure named OOGA BOOGA. Armed only with his tribal weapon and the help of his old girlfriend, DONNA, Ooga Booga takes to the streets and trailer parks to find the men who stole his bright future away from him. The bodies begin to pile up as Ooga Booga slices and dices his way through crooked cops, meth heads and demented city officials in order to clear his name. Racists beware! You won't even have enough time to scream, "Ooga Booga!" Zach is devastated by the unexpected death of his girlfriend, Beth. When she mysteriously returns, he gets a second chance at love. Soon his whole world turns upside down... After surviving a near-death experience, a teenager discovers that she's become a channel for an evil spirit's entry into her life. Julia Child and Julie Powell - both of whom wrote memoirs - find their lives intertwined. Though separated by time and space, both women are at loose ends... until they discover that with the right combination of passion, fearlessness and butter, anything is possible. A young woman who leads a lonely, mundane existence in the real world but who has the perfect life in her lucid dreams which she can somehow control, meets a mysterious stranger who challenges her to turn her dream life into something a bit more adventurous. Then her dreams become more real than her reality and the line between the two starts to blur. A fatal plane crash changes the lives of Roman and Jake forever. Roman loses his wife and daughter in the accident, while Jake loses his mind--as he happens to be the air traffic controller who failed to avert the nightmare. Rage and revenge engulfs Roman and Jake finds himself swamped with guilt and regret.  A neuroscientist's obsession with a drug that expands the human mind inadvertently unleashes a deadly supernatural force on his team. Two parallel realities and a baby as the link between past and present. A group of young women teamed together in their youth to run a babysitting business, when one of their friends died suddenly the group fell apart. Now years later they are all going their separate ways as college approaches, but on Halloween night someone is torturing and killing every member of the babysitter club... Three teenage girls come of age while working at a pizza parlor in Mystic Connecticut. All Hallows Eve - the perfect night for a ghost hunt. At least that's what documentary film-maker Julia Marsh was told when she joined 'Paranormal Investigations Inc' for their Live Halloween special. After being unjustly fired, harassed by his students and labeled a potential menace to society, El Maestro sets out to teach everyone one final lesson. Sam Gifford remembers : In prewar years he was an arrogant southern cotton plantation owner, married to the daughter of a colonel. At the beginning of the war he was mobilized with his National Guard unit as a sergeant. Came the day when, revolted by the cowardice of his lieutenant, who had fired at his own men, he hit him. Downgraded, he was sent to a disciplinary battalion. Sam now discovers his new detachment, his new commanding officer, just another cowardly brute, Captain Waco Grimes. While in combat, Sam will gradually become closer to the privates, working-class people he used to despise. He will become another man, a better man. An Irish family has a reunion near St Patrick's Day, and all of the expected drama ensues. This is the 22nd version of this famous ghost story but this time in 3D. Mae Nak dies during child birth but comes back to live with her husband as a ghost. The twist is that he doesn't know that she died as he was away fighting a war at the time. Following the tragic death of her parents Fawn Harriman discovers she has inherited a theatre in the town of Amityville. She, along with 3 friends, decides to spend the weekend there looking the place over. Meanwhile one of her High School teachers begins an investigation into the village's past and makes a connection with something that goes back beyond recorded history. Picking up immediately after the events in Resident Evil: Retribution, Alice (Milla Jovovich) is the only survivor of what was meant to be humanity's final stand against the undead. Now, she must return to where the nightmare began - The Hive in Raccoon City, where the Umbrella Corporation is gathering its forces for a final strike against the only remaining survivors of the apocalypse. Halim bin Munan (Fizo Omar) is always bullied by his friends because of his straight arrow personality and his strange name, which means invisible in Malay. To make things worse, Halim thinks that he is invisible. His life takes a turn for the worse when he is wrongly accused of indecent peeping at Suriyati (Fiza). To clear his name, Halim goes to meet a shaman named Wak Mali. However, when he tries to speak with Wak Mali, the latter is confused for Halim really is invisible. The reason for his sudden predicament is a special cloth which Halim stole from a nearby grave. The cloth renders him invisible 24-7, which also causes the villagers to suspect Halim after several strange and unexplainable incidents take place. What will happen to Halim now? Following the outbreak of a virus that wipes out the majority of the human population, a young woman documents her family's new life in quarantine and tries to protect her infected sister. A building in Israeli Hebron, which has been deserted by its Palestinian occupants, is called 'The Mute's House' by the Israeli soldiers stationed there and by the tour guides who pass by daily. The building's only occupants are a deaf woman, Sahar, and her 8-year-old son, Yousef. The family's unique story, in the midst of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, unfolds through the eyes of the young and charismatic Yousef, as he goes through his daily routine on both sides of the torn city. Hot off the heels of Septic Man and Ejecta, genre studio Foresight Features and Pontypool writer Tony Burgess have unleashed the trailer for their third collaboration, and the company's most ambitious film to date, the horror fantasy throwback HELLMOUTH.  A visual mindwarp in the vein of F.W. Murnau meets Tim Burton, HELLMOUTH is director John Geddes' (Exit Humanity) love letter to an era of forgotten cinema.  Veteran actor in over 200 films, Hoser horror hero Stephen McHattie (300) is back, taking on two bigs roles within the film, including the leading role as a dying gravekeeper who must pass through Hell to save the soul of a beautiful woman, (Siobhan Giles Murphy). Full of gothic graveyards and monster mayhem, HELLMOUTH is based on an original screenplay by award-winning punk bard Tony Burgess.  The film co-stars Julian Richings (Supernatural), Bruce McDonald (Hardcore Logo), Boyd Banks (Dawn of the Dead), and Ari Millen (Orphan Black). When ambitious young real estate agent Leigh is asked to sell a house with a checkered past, she crosses paths with a disturbed girl whom she learns is the runaway daughter of the couple selling the property. When Leigh tries to intervene and help her, she becomes entangled with a supernatural force that soon pulls Leigh's artist sister Vera into its web - and has sinister plans for both of them. The story about a boxer and a police in the forest following the traces of evil forces. Following the outbreak of a virus that wipes out the majority of the human population, a young woman documents her family's new life in quarantine and tries to protect her infected sister. A modern day sci-fi about Palmer Marshall, a struggling engineering student that's flailing through his personal life, classes, and career. Palmer is on the cusp of a potentially huge discovery and he devotes every waking moment to the challenging, and often fruitless, pursuit of creating something that might change the world. But Palmer soon learns that the road to success is long and fraught with failure. Despite crippling anxiety and personality disorders, Palmer perseveres and creates the one - the dream machine that he'll be remembered for. Twenty girls grow up in an orphanage called "O Viveiro" ("the nursery", in Portuguese), building their lives one millimeter per day, in the miserable and unhealthy town of Chitima, in Mozambique. A romantic comedy with action and suspense. Two sophisticated jewel thieves join forces to steal $30 million in uncut jewels. Despite a continuous exchange of quips they eventually become romantically involved. To fulfill the last wish of her deceased mother, grieving Holly seeks out love and finds it in Matthew; their relationship swiftly becomes very close and all-encompassing. After receiving the news of Matthew's ailing mother, both arrive to provide care in her final days, only to be faced with a nightmarish reality spiraling out of control. A young nurse downloads an app that tells her she only has three days to live. With time ticking away and a mysterious figure haunting her, she must find a way to save her life before time runs out. Disneynature Predator and Prey showcases the unending battle for survival that exists in nature. Students will journey on land and under sea for a riveting look at many species - from caribou and cheetahs to sea lions and sharks - as they both stalk their prey and also avoid being stalked themselves. From the amazing variety of adaptations that both predators and prey are equipped with to avoid capture, to the natural order of a food chain, this Classroom Edition DVD highlights the important role predation plays in keeping an animal's world in balance. A woman is plagued by her overactive imagination. A strange virus turns 90% of the world population into Lust eating Zombies. However, in Akihabara, Japan, some males were found to be uninfected. These men team up with the Zombies to go after the flesh and blood of surviving young women to fill their lust. The women survivors must fight to survive in an apocalyptic Japan.  Is all scientific research for the good of mankind? An amazing June night. A peaceful mansion surrounded by forest, where a happy family prepare for a dinner. Human guinea pigs, modified to become a real weapon escape an illegal clinic appear in the same forest. A family who has bonded instinctively together in order to protect each other from harm, or genetically altered, callous humans. Who will survive the onslaught? Schwartz's poetic 16mm work meditates on the sights and sounds of slowly crumbling glaciers, charting an interior dance between desperation and hope. The carefully deployed superimpositions, strident soundtrack, and contrasting tones of intensity and tranquility suggest the unpredictable rhythms of metaphysical transformation. Several friends decide to take a short bus to the local hot springs in Northern California. As they get closer and night falls, an unexpected radiator leak occurs, forced to take shelter because of a upcoming storm. They find themselves in an unknown building for the night, what they don't know is the building has a unsettling spirit waiting to take body form and slowly torture each living soul within. Sebastien is a psychological horror story about dark secrets destroying people and their families from the inside out. Dark thriller that follows the exploits of a psychopathic real estate agent. Death Valley is a place where drunk college kids can run wild on weekends without fear of the police shutting them down. This small desert town is home to a local Biker gang known as the Legion of Outlaws, an MC who traffic drugs and prostitution through this quiet community. Death Valley is also a place where getting attacked by a werewolf is nothing out of the ordinary especially during a full moon. A sleazy film director's decision to shoot his latest erotic horror movie in a notorious haunted house angers the vengeful spirit of its past inhabitant. On a night of teenage partying in the woods, Paige unwittingly sets in motion a chain of events that plunge her into a waking nightmare. Tormented by terrifying and increasingly violent supernatural visitations, Paige starts digging into the past and uncovers a sinister secret, buried for decades. Behind the force that now haunts her is a malevolent entity of unspeakable evil. As its power grows and her friends fall prey to its savagery, can she (or anyone) stop The Poltergeist of Borley Forest? A local reporter and her assembled TV crew go into a school haunted by a horrific past. The team spends the night locked inside the building, capturing any and everything they find. In the summer of 1982, a group of campers was horribly slaughtered at Camp Arapaho in the sleepy little town of Woodland Hills. The 10 gruesome murders were blamed on Alex Black, a mysterious man believed to have been the son of Satan himself, whom the townspeople had hunted down and lynched nearly 20 years prior. A young woman named Adrienne was able to defeat Alex and put a stop to the killing spree. Alister Kunkle believes death is in love with him. A simple smile from friend or stranger is all it takes to encourage death to kill. Directed by Gabriele Salvatores, Amnesia takes place in the Spanish island of Ibiza, where an odd mix of commercialism, ex-hippies, fisherman, and artists co-exist. Town locals Sandro (Diego Abatantunono), a pornographic film director, and Angelino (Sergio Rubini), the manager of a beachside watering hole, find their very different lives overlapping. Meanwhile, the island police chief (Juanjo Puigcorbe), who is currently at odds with his rebellious son Jorge (Ruben Ochandiano), is investigating the death of a drug dealer (which was accidentally brought on by Angelino). Jorge's plans to move to America have so far been thwarted by his father, but when he finds out about the affair his dad had been having with a male nightclub dancer, he uses it as blackmail fodder. Struggling to come to terms with the death of her mother, Kim suddenly has to deal with a new mother in her life. Choon, Kim's father, brings home a woman one day and announces his decision to marry her. A series of mysterious and terrifying incidents start to occur at the family home after their return. Could it be the jealous spirit of Choon's dead wife that has come back to show her displeasure at being replaced? Or is there something more sinister? What unravels is a tale of unspeakable evil that threatens to destroy the family. What deep, dark secret is Na, Choon's new wife, hiding from them? Can Kim help save her family from complete destruction? The story of the Northern Ireland Troubles through the unflinching testimony of two men who played key roles on opposite sides of that bloody conflict. Nearly ten years ago the two paramilitary leaders told their stories on condition that they could never be revealed while they were still alive. The stories told by the Irish Republican Army's Brendan Hughes and Ulster Volunteer Force's David Ervine tell us of the motivations of the participants, the planning of campaigns of violence, the misery of a hunger strike, the tracking and killing of informers and the duplicity that ended a conflict that had lasted too long. It is also a narrative of the fate of combatants when their wars are over. A young man travels back in time, finding himself entrenched in the Civil War with an army of Frankensteins. A young nurse is kidnapped by a group of violent teens who escape from a mental hospital and take her on the road trip from hell. Pursued by an equally deranged lawman out for revenge, one of the teens is destined for tragedy and horrors that will destroy his mind, moulding him into a monster named Leatherface. The pit has spoken. Dawai, the potter of a backwoods community, has crafted a face on a ceramic jug of the person that the pit wants sacrificed. Ada, pregnant with her brother's child, has seen her face on the jug and hides it in the woods, determined to save the life of her unborn. If she does not sacrifice herself however, the creature from the pit will kill everyone in the village until she does. Goldberg is short and thin. He wears glasses. He's lonely. He's a mediocre computer programmer that lives in Tel Aviv and spends most of his energy searching online for a girlfriend. His only friend is Audrey, his beloved female dog. Eisenberg is a thug. Tall, fat, approaching middle age and not completely sane. He spends his days slouching around Meir Park, harassing innocent bystanders and doing business with petty thieves and small-time criminals. Unfortunately the two cross paths, and Eisenberg decides that they should start hanging out. But something in his demeanor says that he wants to be much more than just friends...This is a story about random meetings with strangers that lead to anxiety and paranoia. About lonely people in the big city. About losing control. Ben (Webb) and Linda Williams move the family into a dream home in a last ditch effort to save their troubled marriage. Despite their good intentions, they cannot shake the feeling that they are being watched by something. Their unimaginable fears are realized when things inside the house take a supernatural and sinister turn. Ben and his family flee for their lives, but it is too late. The house isn't finished with them, trapping the family in its labyrinth. The Williams must come together as never before to fight for their family, their lives and to escape. Captured Hearts, an insane serial killer/horror film, is a heart-jumping, heart-crushing - truly demented - roller coaster ride of mystery, violence, sex and gore. With a raging, climatic twist, all hearts end up in one place. And it's not where they're supposed to be. A beautiful schizophrenic woman is pushed over the edge by her husbands elicit affairs and when her hallucinations become reality the Devil comes to take his due. Is Miriam insane or has the Devil come to collect on her promise? A closeted boy runs the risk of being outed by his own heart after it pops out of his chest to chase down the boy of his dreams. In 2008, a deer hunter was taken by something in the Alabama woods. Only his rifle, blood and a 16" footprint were left behind... Five years later, his son seeks revenge. Dr. Frankenstein's Wax Museum of the Hungry Dead Hoping to film paranormal activity, three friends break into an abandoned castle, where an evil presence soon hounds them into terror and madness. In an abandoned mental institution, doctors carry out secret experiments on unsuspecting patients. The experiments, codenamed Limes, are designed to cure violent episodes within the inmates through new methods of brainwashing and mind manipulation. It is soon discovered by the families of the patients that this is no ordinary hospital. A young girl travels to Cairo to visit her father, and becomes unwillingly involved with a bizarre sadomasochistic cult led by the charismatic Paul Chevalier, who is a descendant of the Marquis de Sade. Urban legend claims a vicious crack-addicted raccoon nicknamed "Red Eye" was behind a series of gruesome murders in Bronx neighborhood Locust Point. Politically ambitious Deputy Mayor Peter Rabbit sees an opportunity to advance his career, and enlists his cousin and best friend to capture the mutant creature - unaware that two more bloodthirsty "krackoons" are lurking in the shadows... No one dumps on the Bronx! Story of a depressed, small-town ventriloquist named Henry (Bachar) who finally comes out of his shell when his puppet 'Moxxy' (voiced by Les Claypool of Primus fame) begins speaking up for him. All is seemingly well until the cruel and charismatic puppet becomes uncontrollable, resulting in a bizarre battle of wills and even murder. Toulon, a puppet maker, discovers an ancient Egyptian potion and uses it to bring his creations to life. His puppets become murderous little demons and escape. Distraught, the master takes his life. Years later, psychics tune into the existence of the monstrous marionettes and set off to stop them. A young lawyer defends a black man accused of murdering two men who raped his 10-year-old daughter, sparking a rebirth of the KKK. Convinced that his longtime girlfriend is cheating on him, heartbroken Joey recruits his cousin Steven to shoot a video that will prove her guilt. Before the video is completed, however, Joey and Steven uncover something so sinister is shakes them to the very core. Jacob Hunt has had some very bad breaks in life. His wife left him, his friends have all abandoned him, and his children barely see him! Jacob has been given an amazing gift and the chance he needs to get back on his feet and start anew. Jacob has landed the job of overnight security officer at the old ShadowView Manor. It has now been turned into a commercial office and retail building. Jacob is about to learn nights around the old Manor contains many secrets. A dark past that is breaking through the boundaries of time, leaking into this dimension. As luck would have it, Jacob's first night on the job is the anniversary of a dark tragedy that has stained the building. Dan wakes up on a beach with no memory. He discovers an empty city ravaged by a deadly virus. After befriending a small group of survivors it soon becomes clear the army are hunting him down, and the group are forced on a dangerous journey to escape. A vigilante serial killer is stalking, killing and burying those he has judged guilty and anyone in this corrupt beach town could be next. A girl's obsession with her brother's disappearance leads her on a nightmarish journey through a small town's Gothic landscape where she is faced with a deadly proposition. How far will she go to save the people she loves? Neil Parker is a passionate wildlife photographer who pays more attention to his wildlife than his human life. as a result his relationships with the real world suffer. When his girlfriend walks out on him he resigns himself to isolation and nature. But a chance occurrence changes all that. Changes that he can't seem to handle, changes that seem to take his humanity away... changes that seem unable to change back? The story follow his journey into a darkness that has to be seen to be believed. A monster that seems to be rising out of the depths of desolation and agony... soulless, depraved and out of control. Introduction; a vegetarian dinner; the lover sleeping; sorting garbage; ex-lovers' art; friends and cocaine; moon; composting sable brushes; the kitchen sink; wine; eating with my hands; the kitchen table; self-portraits'; construction machines; hiding behind the curtains; morning-glories at dusk; dinner with my mother; the drawings in the hall, yoga, and the goddess rap; calling the lover; saying goodbye; carnival rides; street scenes; weeping; flowers and bees; shadows on the carpet and empty rooms; esoteric sign language; sorting the compost; walking through Boston, hunting for clues; finding him in a fountain; my favorite statue; the slug incident; paranoia about plastic; putting everything in garbage bags; the construction site outside; calling the lover.  (ACR) A film crew putting together a documentary on an abandoned insane asylum finally get permission to enter the building. Once they get there, they find themselves trapped, plagued by visions of the patients who were once treated there by a religious zealot with archaic methods of therapy. Three buddies Bhaskar, Chaitanya and Durga along with a stranger, venture into a forest and stay in a haunted guest house. They carry two cameras through which they start recording interesting and mysterious happenings. As the mystery unfolds, the friends go missing one after the other. After six months of their disappearance, police investigate the case and recover three memory cards from their cameras which reveal a shocking truth. Mater, the rusty but trusty tow truck from Cars, spends a day in Radiator Springs playing scary pranks on his fellow townsfolk. That night at Flo's V8 Cafe, the Sheriff tells the story of the legend of the Ghostlight, and as everyone races home Mater is left alone primed for a good old-fashioned scare. Scott Rantzen (Brady Simenson) is a horror movie loving misfit who is teased by the popular students in school. When a date with the very popular and very beautiful Erica Carpenter (Stephanie Leigh Rose) backfires, he feels as though his life is ruined. Ten years later, the gang reunite for their class reunion. Little do they know that someone is waiting for them and ready to see that they pay for what they did. Is Scott back for revenge and will the old gang survive to tell the tale? It'll be more gore for Class of 04. During a stormy night, Ann is all alone in her villa. An intruder breaks in. Ann, in absolute terror, has to fight this mysterious creature, as well as to confront her husband and her own demented mind Two exorcists capture their work on video and upload it to YouTube. They come to the attention of a TV show that wants to boost its ratings. However, the studio crew remain skeptical. A group of people have just signed up to be camp Councillors at a foreign country.  They expect the camp to be the place for a memorable summer.  Instead, something strange is going on and some of the campers begin to act strange.  Things go terribly wrong real fast as a terrible game of tag has the campers running for their lives or going after the campers. The story of Dulce, a mother who has encounters with apparitions inside her old house. She must decipher a mystery that could trigger a prophecy: the death of her family. A new, technologically-superior Soviet sub, the Red October, is heading for the U.S. coast under the command of Captain Marko Ramius. The American government thinks Ramius is planning to attack. A lone CIA analyst has a different idea: he thinks Ramius is planning to defect, but he has only a few hours to find him and prove it -- because the entire Russian naval and air commands are trying to find him, too. In the autumn of 1900, outlaw Claude Barbee puts his 'retirement plan' in action, attempting to lead his train-robbing gang across Texas to recover a cash stash hidden after a botched railroad heist. On October 12th, 2011, NYPD encountered a young woman exiting a house in the Maspeth area of Queens, New York. She appeared to be in shock, carrying an old broadcast camcorder. When asked about what happened, she only replied with "It's all on tape, the entire thing. Me, him...everything." Comedy -  Louisa Ashleigh, Angry Bob, George Cutler A feel-good, heart-warming film set in Yorkshire in 1977 about an adolescent boy's big summer after leaving school. It's about a boy and a dog, class and ambition, first love, and above all, family. A mystery film directed by Leslie Howard Gordon. James, a serial killer, has taken to recording his life so that he can examine it and stay one step ahead of the authorities. He soon finds himself hunted by one of his victims. Shadows frighten what one oughtn't be gripping (that thing before/hind you). From the makers of The Last Exorcism comes a boldly original vision of horror. What if the most chilling novel of all time was actually based on a true account of a horrific experiment gone awry? When he is suspended from his university job for his outlandish ideas, Professor John Venkenheim leads a documentary film crew to the rim of the Arctic Circle in a desperate effort to vindicate his academic reputation. His theory: Mary Shelley's ghastly story, "Frankenstein," is, in fact, a work of non-fiction disguised as fantasy. In the vast, frozen wilderness, Venkenheim and his team search for the legendary monster, a creature mired in mystery and drenched in blood. What they find is an unspeakable truth more terrifying than any fiction...a nightmare from which there is no waking. After 20 years of living in Washington, D.C., Mark Klein seeks much-needed solace by moving to the remote wilds of West Virginia. To ease his loneliness, he sends regular video updates to members of his OCD-support group back in the city. But Mark gradually realizes that despite his new, isolated setting, he may not be alone. From the endless woods surrounding his home, something else is watching. What happens when a bunch of Vampires move into an abandoned factory in a town run by Bikers somewhere in the future- Bikers come to Demand the New tenants evicted but something erupts and chaos takes over the town. Evangeline (Kat de Lieva) has left her sheltered upbringing to reinvent herself in college. As she begins to break out of her shell, she attracts the attention of a sociopathic fraternity leader (Richard Harmon) and his two cohorts.  "Beaten and left for dead, Evangeline finds herself trapped in a supernatural nightmare, where she is caught between salvation and vengeance. But to save herself, Evangeline discovers she must make the most horrifying choice of all... The physical changes of the maker's heart since being born with the congenital disorder, Transposition of the Great Vessels, are displayed in MODEL FIFTY-ONE FIFTY-SIX. This chronicle showcases a movement from human to cyborg that connects personal vulnerability to 1980s science fiction. Uri, a 50 year old family man, has a romantic secret relationship with Oded, a young man from their small town in the south of Israel. During a trip in the desert, the two are forced to deal with the tragic consequences of their type of relationship. A voyeur peeps through a pinhole into a snowbound farmhouse where a masked knife-wielding psychopath dishes out bloody revenge at a twisted family reunion between a young woman and the despicable men who could be her "deadbeat dad."  Sofazr, a group of musicians from Malaysia star in their very own movie directed by Tauke Raja Lawak dan Isma Af7. The film is a comedy horror about a group of mentally ill patients who are being haunted by a vengeful spirit. But how would they know that it is a real spirit and not a figment of their imaginations? Can they even protect themselves? A man kidnaps his little girl to protect her from an abusive mother, then becomes the first man to enter a woman's underground movement. David Callaway tries to piece together his life in the wake of his wife's suicide and has been left to raise his nine-year-old daughter, Emily on his own. David is at first amused to discover that Emily has created an imaginary friend named 'Charlie', but it isn't long before 'Charlie' develops a sinister and violent side, and as David struggles with his daughter's growing emotional problems, he comes to the frightening realisation that 'Charlie' isn't just a figment of Emily's imagination. 25 years after a patient in a drug rehab clinic commits suicide, 4 friends decide to spend a night in the abandoned clinic to try and film some of the reported paranormal goings-on. Shortly thereafter, an up and coming TV journalist is persuaded to spend a night in the clinic with 3 of her friends to try and film some of the spooky activity. In the course of one night, they discover the sickening truth about the history of the clinic and have to face the possibility that they might never leave. Paranoia forces small-time scam artist Marty to flee his hometown and hide out in a dangerous Detroit. With nothing but a pocket full of bogus checks, his Power Glove, and a bad temper, the horror metal slacker lashes out. An orphaned boy who was raised in the Amazon jungle is brought back to civilization by a priest who knows his father. Also known as "Ponti Vs Omi", Afdlin Shauki's latest comedy tells the story of a rivalry between two supernatural beings, a Pontianak (Vampire) and a Orang Minyak (Oil Man) who have just been inducted into the otherworld, however, in order for newbies to be accepted by the others, they have to be tested on their skills to scare the villagers of Kampung Puaka, which also consist of five Malay shamans. Ponti is a male vampire who is hated by the other vampires because most of them are women while Omi is a soft-hearted orang minyak who drives his kind crazy because of his naivety. To make things worse, the villagers of Kampung Puaka are not afraid of supernatural beings, as they descend from lineages of shamans or are supernatural beings who have repented. What will happen to Ponti and Omi? Set in the "not-too distant future", martial law has been declared in The City in leu of a looming earthquake. However, the earthquake is merely a ruse, a story fed to the public so the TWF (True World Forces) can capture an alien spotted over the city some few days earlier. A TWF agent runs into the alien (a *hottie* who can change her appearance, while always remaining - of course - a hottie), and the two go off and, um, compare their respective physiology (yeah, that's it). Abortionist Vera Drake finds her beliefs and practices clash with the mores of 1950s Britain - a conflict that leads to tragedy for her family. When six friends from Massachusetts travel to the jersey shore, they end up on Clinton road at a house on a lake. They're not alone, one by one they disappear, who will survive. Dr. Victor Wolffenstein, a genius and at the same time devilish doctor, has set himself a huge goal, he wants to become immortal. In the Year 1930 he brews a serum, which is supposed to help him achieve his goal. But it has an unwanted side effect, he becomes immortal but becomes infected with necrosis and the only thing left for him to do is to replace his body parts. Dr. Wolffenstein recklessly starts to harvest limbs from the other villagers, but in the end they overpower him and bury him alive. More than 80 years later, five teenagers are on their way to the biggest Rave party of the year. On their way they get stranded in a small village, due to a car accident and have to wait for repair. The teenagers decide to visit a local discotheque and then the terror begins, Dr. Wolffenstein is back. An old sanatorium is deteriorating in an isolated forest in the mountains. Five contract workers have taken on the task of tracking the huge building for hazardous waste before it's demolished. They realize that the job is more than a search for asbestos and mercury when they encounter the building's frightening past. You can demolish a building, but never remove the past. New Blood Rising was a professional wrestling pay-per-view produced by World Championship Wrestling that replaced WCW's August PPV event Road Wild. It took place on August 13, 2000 from the Pacific Coliseum in Vancouver, British Columbia. The name is a reference to the New Blood faction within WCW. The main event was Booker T defending the WCW World Heavyweight Championship against Jeff Jarrett. Another primary match was a Triple Threat match between Goldberg, Kevin Nash, and Scott Steiner. Other matches on the card included KroniK defending the WCW World Tag Team Championships against The Dark Carnival (Vampiro &amp; The Great Muta), Lance Storm defending the WCW United States Championship against Mike Awesome in a Canadian Rules match with Jacques Rougeau as the special guest referee, A trio of suspenseful horror stories, each with twisted plots and heaping' helpings of babes &amp; blood! Set in a near future, technology-reliant society that pits man against killing machines. Against this backdrop an elite army unit is helicoptered to a remote, off-the-grid island training facility. What starts out as a simple training exercise for Captain Bukes and his tight-knit unit, descends into a terrifying battle to the death, as the marines discover the island is overrun by an enemy that transcends the human concept of evil. Keiko Larasati Hirosuke is a Japanese-Indonesian mulatto girl, her grandfather was a Japanese soldier assigned to Indonesia. After the war was over, the grandfather returned to Japan, married and had one child who later married an Indonesian man. One night, after clubbing with his girlfriend and friends, Keiko got a terrifying terror. There is a strange broadcast on the radio, like the broadcast of the war of independence. The woman's voice mentioned the life debt that must be paid. Keiko and his friends are confused. It's a story of two students sharing a rent: Budi and Bodo. They are often bullied because they have no girlfriends. On Kampus Nite they are invited to come by Celia. Both try to get a date with no result. Suddenly a posh car stops by them as they're in desperation. The drivers are two sexy girls, Rosa and Rosi. Both are going to the same event. Of course Budi and Bodo think that it's their lucky day. These guys have no idea that it's their bad luck. Both girls are kuntilanak twins on a mission for a payback. A scary and hilarious adventure begins. At home , Tania ( Wiwid Gunawan ) is a closed girl who lives in the pressure of the mother ( Bella Espearance ) who hates him since childhood . In the office , Tania is a shy girl who is busy harbored feelings of passionate love on Jordy ( Framly Nainggolan ) , his boss . He can only bite the fingers and dream while his colleague , Grace ( Kartika Putri ) , bolder approach Jordy . Until one day , Janet ( Nikita Mirzani ) , neighbors , giving the idea to use rope Pocong Tania Virgin to lure Jordy . Tania desperate to take the rope pocong it from the grave a virgin girl who had just died Returning from his father's funeral, Robert Foster is faced with the unimaginable; he hits a young girl with his car. In a desperate attempt to save her life, he seeks help at a nearby farmhouse. Kana is an ordinary high school student. One day, her photo is selected for a magazine and, because of this, Kana receives attention from popular student attention Rio. The attention though is not the kind Kana wanted. Kana is bullied by Rio and her friends.  A rumor exists that a ghost exists in the old school building. The ghost is able to grant someone's wish, but that person will lose something important to them. The ghost is a former student named Yomi, who died in an accident 12 years ago. Kana decides to go see the ghost.  The next day, Kana is a member of Rio's group, but Kana's friend Erika is now bullied. More tragedy awaits ... A Life he never asked for, A Curse he didn't want. When a Civil War soldier is left to die after being attacked by a Vampire, he's given a choice, turn or die. Now, after decades of being undead, Joe finally has something to live for when he crosses paths with a beautiful woman who is fascinated with his life. But when an old foe returns, will Joe be able to protect the one he loves, or watch as he looses all he's grown to care about, again. Six members of a media company go on a weekend business retreat at an isolated lodge in the woods. When one of the members goes missing, they discover that the lodge was formerly a private mental institution that had been shut down after allegations of devious misconduct. One by one, they fall victim to the dark secrets buried at the lodge. Reincarnation goes horribly wrong releasing dark forces across time. Basia accesses parts of her mind that should never be tampered with. Past lives merge with present as her reality becomes distorted, she fights for her very existence. When some college students get together for a hot tub party, they're shocked to find out that their party is being crashed by some tiny, uninvited guests who are hungry for flesh - human flesh. Brian is a VHS collector that misses the good old days...when video rental stores existed, monsters in movies looked real, and films weren't filled with cartoon-looking CGI effects. After coming across a mysterious VCR and a few tapes, he decides to make his own movie. Poland, 1944. Assembled for a top-secret rescue mission, a daring team of Special Forces soldiers quickly find themselves trapped deep behind enemy lines.  When Special Agent Watts and his Investigation Unit are called to the derelict Woodburrow Prison he thinks it's business as usual. But there's nothing usual about Woodburrow. A mysterious woman is found attempting to flee the scene and things begin to spiral out of control as an evil force picks the team off one by one. Soon Agent Watts is left alone to face what might be the world's most powerful evil...The Devil. Answering an in-home help ad for an elderly woman, Abby Daniels leaves family and friends for a remote farmhouse in the country. But all is not as it seems with her fluffy employer, whose locked doors and cellar seem to be hiding some unusual hobbies. When she drunkenly sneaks her boyfriend into the house, breaking the rules about cursing and fornication, Abby is plunged into a nightmare of hellish proportions - pitted against a clan of ruthless, amoral and degenerate flesh-eaters lead by their murderous GRANNY! David Coleman spends his whole life looking to fit in. He is constantly bullied and screwed over by his so called friends. He finally has the family he had always wanted when his foster mom dies of Cancer. Now his life is nothing but hell. Thinking his bi-polar medication isn't helping him at all he quits taking them against the orders of his psychiatrist. When he accidentally kills one of his bullies he feels a bit of satisfaction that leads to a meticulous serial killer in the making. This is a story about life and death and a girl named Victoria. The mid-70's: A timid young New Yorker leads an uneventful life until he is fatefully exposed to the pulsating rhythms of a brand-new genre of music....disco. Unable to control his murderous impulses that stem from a traumatic childhood experience, Duane Lewis transforms into a dangerous serial killer exiled to Montreal. When a virginal artist falls in love with a call girl, she turns out to be the chosen bride of the alien god Cthulhu. To save her, he must stop an ancient cult from summoning their god and destroying mankind. Carter, an art conservator, arrives in Italy to restore a fresco in an old church. He discovers that the strange locals are hiding something and a mystery relating to a nearby lake that legend says was created by a meteor. Set in 18th Century Italy, RAPPACCINI'S DAUGHTER is the tale of a young scholar named Giovanni (Kristoffer Tabori) who falls in love with a beautiful, yet forbidden, girl who tends her father's poison garden. However, the strange and unearthly beauty of Beatrice (Kathleen Beller) masks a terrifying curse which Giovanni must tragically discover. Her father, the mysterious Dr. Rappaccini, has made her the subject of a diabolical experiment. In Giovanni's attempt to free Beatrice from the control of her father and to escape the poisonous effect she begins to have on him, he unwittingly destroys her. From the short story of master American novelist Nathaniel Hawthorne, two quintessential Hawthorne themes are explored: the sins of interfering with another's soul and the futility of trying to tamper with nature. The tale tells the story of Paxton, an amateur archeologist who travels to "Seaburgh" (a disguised version of Aldeburgh, Suffolk) and inadvertently stumbles across one of the lost crowns of Anglia, which legendarily protect the county from invasion. On digging the crown up, Paxton is stalked by its supernatural guardian. In a punk-rock homage to "Reefer Madness," two plot threads intertwine: a hapless junkie falls victim to "Bath Salts" addiction, while a police detective attempts to uncover and stamp out a new strain of designer drug products. A group of unwitting teens are stranded near a strange wax museum and soon must fight to survive and keep from becoming the next exhibit. Patrick, Jeff, and Justin go to the lake to fish, and their day is ruined when zombies overtake the city. The story of a man who wakes up in bed suffering from memory loss after being in an accident, only to begin to suspect that his wife may not be his real wife and that a web of lies and deceit deepen inside the house where he soon finds himself a prisoner. White Creek is a place from another universe. A place where feudalism remains intact and people struggle to break free from debt. One family must escape the dangers of this decaying society, as the power in their valley changes hands. In the end they are left to decide how to move forward in this universe and the next. A group of degenerate serial date rapists have the tables turned on them when a masked killer begins to hunt them down one by one, and killing them in the most painful, degrading way possible. When her husband keels over from a stroke, Raynelle Slocumb calls the entire clan together to remember their dearly departed. Family tensions reach a comedic boil as the wildly dysfunctional Slocumbs squabble and fight their way to the funeral. Louis Theroux: Under the Knife is a TV documentary written and presented by Louis Theroux about the people and doctors involved in plastic surgery operations. Filmed mostly in the USA, in the programme, Louis himself ends up getting liposuction. In the heart of an abandoned bunker, parapsychologists are mandated to investigate strange phenomena. In a frightening world they discover the unthinkable and awaken a dark force. An infernal hunt in darkness will begin When a single mother and her two young children are tormented by an increasingly strange and intense presence in their quiet suburban home, she turns to her scientist boyfriend to take on the violent forces that paranormal experts are too frightened to face. TYFTB (thank you from the bottom) is an experimental sci fi movie about The Woman, who believes the Universe is collapsing. She tries to find a black hole to escape into, which lands her in a mental hospital. Eventually, she winds up in a therapy group; her bizarre protestations make the other patients in the group extremely uncomfortable. James Garner is Luther Sledge, the leader of a pack of rebels who are planning to steal a stash of gold. But after the thieves actually manage to get away with the bounty, they soon discover that the enemy lies within their midst. As they begin to bicker over who should get the biggest cut, the stage is set for a deadly showdown. Claude Akins and John Marley co-star in this Italian Western directed by Vic Morrow. After a tragic accident, a video editor is obsessed with her work to the point of not being able to differentiate between the real and the digital world. Having lost her beloved father at an early age, Yuri lives with her mother and younger brother. Yuri's mother meets a new man, but they are deeply in debt and forced to leave their home. Yuri is then forced to take a job as a call girl to support her brother. One day Yuri's brother becomes ill but since Yuri has to work, she unwillingly leaves him at home. When she returns, she finds him dead in the bathtub. Her heart is scarred with regret and she suffers with a pain that will never go away. After some time has passed, Mayu, a colleague of Yuri's, tells her about a mysterious mobile app that is rumored to enable its user to talk to the dead. Yet, it comes with a warning: Never reply if the dead soul says, "I want to see you." Because she blames herself for her brother's death and will do anything to tell him how sorry she is, Yuri downloads the app and reaches out to her dead brother. Meanwhile, the app's users begin to die. JAM (Christian Clavier), a French "master of the universe" is on the brink of a major takeover when he starts suffering from anxiety attacks. His doctor (Lhermite) thinks it is to do with childhood experiences and suggests he searches back in his mind to something that could be the trigger and will prove to be the antidote. Sara and Alex are getting through hard times: they lost the son they were expecting due to miscarriage and since that day their life changed. Just when she least expected it, Sara finds out to be pregnant but decides to wait the third month before telling Alex not wishing to give him false hopes. Alex, exhausted from work hardships, decides to organize a weekend in the woods among a group of friends. Sara agrees to take part in it, so to not disappoint him, while keeping the pregnancy yet unannounced. But between unsettling presences and EVP phenomena they will soon realize that that place is not as peaceful as thought to be: something "half way" between our world and the afterlife will make their weekend unforgettable. Madge Hooper, owner of several small businesses in town, was killed during one of her daily walks along Yellow Ridge woods in the 1970's. She died of a single shot gun blast to the chest then finished off by decapitation. Madge's head was buried somewhere in the area of Yellow Ridge. Legend has it that if you go to a particular part of the woods at a particular time of day you can see the ghost of Madge Hooper wandering around in the woods looking for her head. After some bizarre killings of innocent campers begin to surface, John and Clarence, two local good 'ole boys set out to prove that the ghost of Madge Hooper actually exists. Five young people wake up dead. Washed up by the tide they scramble to an abandoned beach house, soon realizing that the perpetual night and blasts of pain suggest this is some version of hell. Between in-fighting and attacks by a demonic shadow creature, they recall the collapse of the nightclub that brought them here - and begin seeing hope of a second chance in the cabin's two mysterious paintings... A strangler known as the Kenbourne Killer has been murdering streetwalkers for 25 years. The police set out to track him down. A typical weekend down the shore takes a bizarre turn as six girls and five obnoxious fist-pumpers become the unsuspecting targets of a deranged killer. When a group of close-knit friends assemble for the marriage of Skylar and Dan, they have no idea they will witness The Rapture and face a series of catastrophic events turning the celebration into a life-or-death struggle. A black hole hits North Wisconsin and opens a door to other dimensions. Giant 15 meter spiders emerge from it, who have an appetite for human flesh! Dr. Jenny Langer and Dr. Vance from the NASA try to save the world. The Mystery Gang reunite and visit Moonscar Island, a remote island with a dark secret. Daphne wants more than just a villain in a costume, and they get more than they ever expected. A group of film students burn paper effigy cameras for the wandering spirits during the ghost month in Singapore and receive a collection of horror movies in return. A woman is searching for her son who got lost under mysterious circumstances. A thriller centered on a couple who makes an old estate their new home and soon begin to see the spirits of dead children. In 1589, six innocent women were accused from the inquisition of witchery in the small ligurian mountain. Detectives are called to investigate a string of serial killings. Someone or something is killing people and driving locals into paranoid delusions with eyewitnesses saying it's a Sasquatch. The detectives discover that some legends are better left alone. The most important silent film by director Martin Fric. Poet Vitezslav Nezval did scenographic modifications to the original story by Vaclav Wasserman. Film producer Jaroslav Stransky didn't witness premier; because of fear of financial collapse, he killed himself.  Darren Mullet, a bullied asthmatic, is driven to suicide by his tormented life - ignored by his parents, ridiculed by his teachers and bullied at school. He returns from the dead to pay his teenage tormentors a final visit. Jack Brookfield, a gambler with clairvoyant and hypnotic powers, is able to win at cards through his unique gift. But when he inadvertently hypnotizes young Clay Thorne, Thorne kills an enemy of Brookfield's while under a trance. No one believes Brookfield's protestations that Thorne is innocent of any murderous intent, so Brookfield teams up with retired lawyer Martin Prentice in hopes of saving the young man from the gallows. A man suffering from Irritable Bowel Syndrome finds the perfect cure... murder! Two inseparable sister's visit to a remote mine town turns into a mind-bending fight for survival against menaces both human and supernatural. A young couple moves into what appears to be the perfect home, but when they discover that they will soon become parents, things begin to fall apart. Rachel, the expectant mother, is haunted by a ghost in a red dress, while Kevin, the soon to be father, has frightening nightmares even while he's awake. The once happy couple is torn apart by horrific events, which all seem to be centered around the birth of their unborn child. Severine is haunted by a reocurring dream that makes her doubt her relationship with her boyfriend. She decides to spent a couple of days alone at the seaside to think everthing over. But instead, she's got to face violent criminals and her own primal fears. Darren and Jodi are in the middle-of-nowhere Maine on their way to a funeral. The reason they never make it is simple: werewolves. As other wayward travelers end up in their own battles for life, a suspected killer with a werewolf-sized chip on his shoulder is hunting the beast. It takes a couple of kids, some drunken hunters, and an urbanite from California to confront the legend and decide who or what is responsible for the carnage. A woman vanishes. Her husband inquires into the strange circumstances of her disappearance. Did she leave him? Is she dead? As he goes along searching, he plunges into a world of nightmare and violence... Life takes a terrifying and unpredictable turn for Tyler &amp; Chelsea when they begin to receive menacing phone calls from a seemingly unstable woman who insists that Tyler's her ex-boyfriend. Isabel takes place in a Canadian coastal village. Genevieve Bujold plays a girl, Isabel, whose flawlessly beautiful face masks the maelstrom swirling in her mind. She is haunted by the images of her family members, each of whom suffered a violent death. Believing herself the product of an incestuous relationship, Isabel enters into an affair with a young man who resembles her own brother. A dog groomer in Hollywood aspires to be more than a dog groomer in Hollywood. Michael Pinkney is a man struggling with his lower income lifestyle in the shadow of the film industry. HIs job is degrading, his home is filled with rats, and his mind constantly wanders into a lo-fi dreamscape that mirrors his analog video experiments. Michael's menial routine spirals out of control when he meets Cora, the girl of his dreams. After engaging in an illicit affair with one of his pupils, teacher Parker Sithole spirals into an abyss of obsession that eventually turns to murder. A cinephile's passionate homage to classic film noir,  Of Good Report is a serial killer origins story about how a social misfit turns into an inadequate man hellbent on satisfying his shameful lust. It is Little Red Riding Hood, told from the wolf's perspective. Doctors are baffled when an expectant mother wakes to find her nearly-to-term pregnancy apparently disappear overnight. Police investigate the situation as a missing child, and only her husband and brother trust her version of events. A chilling tale of memories and premonitions in a world where time is not what it seems. Five years after an ominous unseen presence drives most of society to suicide, a survivor and her two children make a desperate bid to reach safety. A group of student film makers are creating "Project Marble Hornets" when the production is interrupted by a series of paranormal events in this tense and shocking horror. Bill struggles to put together his shattered psyche, in this feature film version of Don Hertzfeldt's animated short film trilogy. A new kind of organism has been born. It is not made up of flesh and blood, but of circuits and wires. Witness the life of this organism unfold as it grows and thrives, until it must inevitably conclude. A couple living in Victorian London endure an unusual series of psychological and supernatural effects following the birth of their child. What if your friends were lying traitors who want to make your life a living hell? When Marissa discovers this brutal reality on her 18th birthday she decides to take action, longing for justice and revenge. And she is not the only one ... Art / Gonzo film about a Voodoo Revenge plot on a crowded plane The characters we met a little more than a decade ago return to East Great Falls for their high-school reunion. In one long-overdue weekend, they will discover what has changed, who hasn't, and that time and distance can't break the bonds of friendship. Two desparate lovers, Eve and Lara, are on the run from the Mob and flee the city. They eventually take refuge in what appears to be an abandoned rural home. They soon discover that they're not alone when they encounter Nick, the handsome and charming caretaker who offers them sanctuary. The situation quickly descends into a dangerous three-way dance of temptation and jealousy, until a terrifying secret is revealed that threatens to destroy Eve and Lara unless they can find a way to escape the hell that they have created for themselves. After Robert, a marrying-up groom, 'accidentally' shoots his fiance's Maid of Honor in the face during a drunken skeet-shooting session, his meddling mother does whatever it takes to ensure the wedding takes place. When a motley group of college freshmen choose bizarre Tyler Rooney as the new target for their juvenile pranks, Tyler calls upon hoodoo-cursed Mister White to exact a violent and bloody revenge. An unexpected pregnancy takes a terrifying turn for newlyweds Zach and Samantha McCall. A young mother and her twin sons move into a rural house that's marked for death. Artist David Stuart is blinded by a jealous assistant / model. His fiance's father generously offers his eyes for a sight restoring operation. There's only one hitch: Stuart has to wait until after the man dies. Not surprisingly, when the benefactor dies a very premature death, suspicion falls on the artist. Guangxi province, southern China, 4 Apr 2011. On the day of the Qingming (grave-sweeping) festival, 27-year-old Yang Jie (Huo Siyan) visits the orphanage in which she was raised after receiving a letter from its head (Li Zhu). When she arrives, however, the head denies she ever wrote to her. Along with the letter was a train ticket from Xijiang to Qingming that same evening and, after receiving some childhood mementos from the orphanage head, Yang Jie goes to catch the train. Tired from repeated nightmares and sedatives, she falls asleep in the waiting room and has a ghostly dream involving a child's voice; waking up she finds someone has stolen a wig from her. Chilling paranormal portmanteau following a researcher who stumbles across a collection of disturbing video evidence she has obtained from a mysterious source including a location recce made by two young filmmakers, Cain and Dion, who venture to the Australian outback in search of an interesting location for their next movie only to discover an ancient swamp spirit called Raluul, and a video diary of a man called Karl Hendry who starts hearing unusual noises once he finds a mysterious doll-house in the attic of his new house in the North of England. An ambitious ghost hunter is hired by the building owner of a factory plagued with sightings. The researcher contracts a crew of inexperienced workers to research the building. The crew becomes possessed by the negative energy in the building that preys on the emotional and psychological weaknesses of each individual. To-Quim is a seemingly ordinary teenager, until the day he joins a band of black metal, the hand of a friend and Anita knows the drummer for who ends up falling in love. The girlfriend of Detective Luca Mocci moves from the house of her friend Charlotte to live with him. When the corpse of the upper-class escort and student Valentina Martini is found in an apartment, tied and beaten after a kinky sex, Detective Mocci becomes obsessed with his investigation in the underworld of sex in his city, arising dark desires and affecting his relationship with his girlfriend. Written by Claudio Carvalho When seven year old Jess and her alcoholic Mother arrive in Haslem, she's an easy target for the brutal bullying culture. But there's something different about Jess. She can see and hear things that other people can't. When Jess is brutalized in a country lane, the ancient spirits of the area appear, angry and full of vengeance. The townspeople take the law into their own hands and commit a terrible act upon an innocent, as brutal and unforgivable as the notorious Witchfinders from centuries past. Footage seized by authorities is used to recreate the horrific events of a young couple and their blind daughter after moving into a southern country home occupied by a vile entity. A harmless game of "Truth or Dare" among friends turns deadly when someone--or something--begins to punish those who tell a lie--or refuse the dare. Andre Essen (Elya Baskin) says goodbye to his daughter, Natalia (Sasha Kolos), as she heads to America as a foreign exchange student. Natalia bonds with her surrogate family, Amanda (Callan... Documentary about a group of transgender teens and young adults struggling to find the resources, safety, and confidence to express their gender identity. The Pogo Film Project shows the intimate side of Gacy's atrocities; the murders themselves! With a bit of embellishing on the part of the writer, several scenarios play out illustrating how Gacy was able to subdue, torture and murder several young men in his home. A prime-time network news magazine show premieres controversial leaked footage from a highly-classified U.S. government program named Nocturne Six that recruits citizens with extrasensory abilities. Forced into the program by unscrupulous means, these gifted, yet apprehensive citizens, known as "guardians", are sent to parallel planes of Earth in order to thwart imminent attacks by dangerous supernatural entities. A live investigation by the news show at the abandoned site of the Nocturne Six program quickly devolves and exposes the unearthly evils that the guardians faced in their treacherous missions. When a teenager suddenly disappears without a trace, the case is assigned to an alcoholic police officer who maintains a complicated relationship with his own troubled teenage son, suspected of drug trafficking. Two young teenagers believe their worst issues are within their everyday lives and homes, until strange occurrences and mysterious deaths begin to terrorize the small neighborhood. The zombies that arose after the nuclear outbreak are still high in numbers. The group of girls have lost some of their comrades and are fighting off the horny zombies to stay alive themselves. Can they stop the plague for once and for all? Six young computer hackers sent to work on a derelict space freighter, are forced to match wits with a vengeful artificial intelligence that would kill to be human. A small town strip club owner must defend her bar, her strippers and her life when violent infected patrons show up on the final closing night and all hell breaks loose. A new computer virus falls into the hands of Norman, a wheelchair bound mentally handicapped man, after a person covered in blood gives it to him. The group of men who are behind the development of the virus want it back, and will do anything to get it back. Five university friends gather at a house party to ring in the New Year. Unbeknownst to them, an epidemic has erupted outside, causing outbreaks around the world. With nowhere else to turn, they barricade themselves indoors with only their phones, laptops, and other tech devices. They use their devices to research the possible cause of this outbreak. Information and video footage over flow their computers as they descend further into the cause and the ensuing chaos. As the virus spreads, the mood in the house changes from fear to paranoia. Who is safe? Who can they trust? Reality becomes blurred as they slowly discover the source of the virus causing the sickness...and there is no going back. 19 years old Neve sees women out of focus - but he can see them properly when they are recorded on magnetic tape or film. This is why he wears a special pair of camera-glasses which, recording every single moment of his life, allow him to see everything correctly. His life actually becoming one of the movies he has been watching since he was a child. Until the day he meets the one and only woman he can see at naked eye. Add the plot. After experiencing a disaster that has claimed the life of his fiancee on the Island of the Bride, Tiara (Tamara Blezynski) decided to calm down on the coast of Phuket, Thailand.  Opening a small bar with his best friend Lea (Laras Monca), Tiara took the time to explore Thai Boxing as a form of past revenge and trauma. Until one day his best friend in college, Alan (Darius Sinathrya) who still kept a sense of Tiara, came to visit and intended to take Tiara back to Indonesia. Alan came with his niece Maureen (Kimberly Ryder), Kenny (Stephan William) and Aida (Princess Una).  As a good host, Lea immediately arranged their vacation, by visiting the islands around Phuket. When the ship they were traveling on broke down and was forced to stop at a foreign island. Tiara realized, there was something strange on the island. Tiara felt that the past would continue to pursue her, wherever she went. This time, Tiara decided not to avoid. But he will face it. [1] Some time during the Rattanakosin Kingdom, Mak becomes a soldier and has to leave his pregnant wife Nak  at home in Phra Khanong. In the distant frontline he meets four soldiers who become his best friends. Menwhile his wife Nak struggles to give birth to their baby alone.  When the war is over, Mak invites his friends to go to his home and meet his beautiful wife Nak. But in Phra Khanong the rumor goes around town that Nak is a ghost. After a series of uncanny events his four friends and some villagers try to tell Mak that his wife is already dead. When a suburban couple go camping for the weekend at a remote beach, they discover that nature isn't in an accommodating mood. Decay follows several students that discover that the maintenance crew of the Large Hadron Collider have been transformed into zombies after the particle accelerator malfunctions. The students must try to evade the zombies while running through CERN's maintenance tunnels. Come inside and find out what can happen, when a house is not just haunted, but possessed. After the gruesome death of his best friend, Sevin Michaels is determined to get to the bottom of what happened at the Owen's house, where a twelve year old Jessica Owens brutally murdered several people. Is the house haunted or is it really possessed? Silverhide is a horror/thriller film exploring government conspiracy and secrets too horrifying to imagine. It's not unusual for alcoholic cop Lou to black out and wake up in unfamiliar surroundings, but lately things have taken a turn for the strange...and hairy. WolfCop is the story of one cop's quest to become a better man. One transformation at a time. Vatican investigators are sent to the British West Country to investigate paranormal activity, and they find the events are more disturbing than they first imagined. Obsessed with obscure modern tragedies, wealthy Mr. Yates hires five college drama students to recreate a murder-suicide that occurred on their campus 20 years ago. As the actors prepare for the show of their lives, unfortunate events follow them and by the end they realize one thing . . . Evil is Real! A man becomes entangled in a deadly morality game when the circus comes to town and a sadistic clown forces him to examine the things in life he takes for granted in the most horrific ways. During an all-night, drug-fueled party at an abandoned asylum known for the horrific treatment of its patients, a group of ordinary teens decide to experiment with the occult, mysteriously leading to a violent possession. In an effort to find help, the group rushes to escape, only to find themselves locked inside with no means of communication. Tempers flare, trusts are broken and in attempt to save one of their friends possessed by the demon, the amateurs try to perform an exorcism. Instead of solving the problem, and unbeknownst to them, they unleash an even more powerful and vengeful spirit, one with a distinct motive and which wants them all dead. The teen's only chance of survival is to uncover the asylum's deep mysteries and find a way out before it's too late. Paul Johnson is a guy running for his life. A year after surviving a werewolf attack, he now carries the burden of the bloodline and finds himself chased down and hunted by a team of Goverment based Specialists. Danielle Noble (played by Carla Ortiz) and her team of expert cave divers led by an ambitious american archaeologist (Steve Wilcox), undertake an expedition in search of the lost Mayan Library, without imagining they will instead find the hidden gates of hell known as Xib'alb'a. Evil wreaks pure havoc and bloody murder upon Leslie Van Hooten, a beautiful young girl, and her unsuspecting fellow grad students as they make their way to her family's extravagant and yet isolated estate. For the Olympique de Paris soccer team, this away match scheduled against Caplongue was merely supposed to be one last chore before the end of the professional season. Yet no one could ever have imagined that an unknown rabies-like infection was going to spread like wildfire, turning this small town's inhabitants into ultra-violent and highly contagious creatures. A group of beautiful Internet models are trapped inside their recording studio and hunted down by a mentally unstable fan they insulted live on the air. Now the girls must join together to escape and face their murderous stalker, or be picked off one by one. Beauty may only be skin deep, but revenge cuts to the bone. A group of ambitious new filmmakers wants to sell a broadcaster a television program involving ghosts and paranormal events. They have lots of special effects, but special effects aren't necesary when something from beyond is lurking. An American traveling in South America ends up living with a group of misfits at an abandoned hospital with a troubling past. Amelia's claustrophobic life with Aunt Helen is disrupted when her past tries to push through to her present. The outrageous life of Reagan Collins, a model high school student with a "killer" after-school job that involves arranging "accidents" for his classmates' parents. When seasoned police detective Cliff Dawkins starts putting the pieces together, it's a battle of wits to see if Reagan can keep business booming. A hopeful young starlet uncovers the ominous origins of the Hollywood elite and enters into a deadly agreement in exchange for fame and fortune. Based on a true story. The demons of hell play music for Satan, whose delight turns to wrath when an insubordinate refuses to become food for Cerberus. In this "lost slasher film from 1978," a masked killer wages an unrelenting spree of murder, cannibalism, and necrophilia. But when his tortured past comes back to haunt him, he plunges to even greater depths of madness and depravity, consuming the lives of a young woman and those she holds dear. Friends. Party. Death. As usual, friends get together in a rental house to celebrate new year's eve. Will Isa take advantage of this week in the county to finally get things started with Fred, her best friend? Will Kevin make a move on Gwendo, the goth girl? Will Marco, the amateur film maker and slasher fan, manage to convince his friends to play in his next short film? Things are running smoothly, until New Year's Eve, when one of them mysteriously disappears... An insane Swedish farmer escapes from an asylum to get revenge on his sister, her husband and others. Based on stories from "The Arabian Nights." A wicked sorcerer tricks Prince Achmed into riding a magical flying horse. The heroic prince is able to subdue the magical horse, which he uses to fly off to many adventures. While travelling, he falls in love with the beautiful Princess Peri Banu, and must defeat an army of demons to win her heart. The film is animated using the silhouette technique. In a remote mountain town, Brandon, a haunted young drifter, falls in love with a mysterious funeral director who is guarding a dark secret that threatens everyone she encounters - and who also may hold the key to Brandon's disturbing past. From a torturous cell in Africa, Abel Powell is released and given the chance to regroup his team of skilled mercenaries for one last job. A top scientist will guide them half a mile underground through an ex-Soviet bunker to extract the vital specimens and information being paid for by a mysterious backer, but what they seek should never have been found! Hunted by raiders, a band of crusading knights escort the holy grail through a valley of black death where they must hack and slash their way to freedom. A biologist signs up for a dangerous, secret expedition into a mysterious zone where the laws of nature don't apply. A team of U.S. archaeologists unearths an ancient pyramid buried deep beneath the Egyptian desert. As they search the pyramid's depths, they become hopelessly lost in its dark and endless catacombs. Searching for a way out, they become desperate to seek daylight again. They come to realize they aren't just trapped, they are being hunted. When Marina finally calls Gideon, he can't believe his luck in hopeful love. But his happiness is short-lived. Marina only wants Gideon to pretend to be her boyfriend so she can investigate a seance as an undercover reporter. It turns out that Gideon and Marina aren't the only ones with something to hide. Ramona, the not-so-typical medium, suspects there are hidden cameras and her creepy sidekick Errol keeps disappearing when the lights go out. Something's unsettling about Marina's editor, Trevor, and his timid wife, Helen. A dead woman's daughter, Lily, is an unbalanced mess, and her boyfriend, David, is less of a rock and more of a stoner. When the seance turns south, a mournful spirit will ensure all of their buried secrets are brought to light. The dead of night, a hospital's surveillance video captures a morgue bizarre corpse theft, those stealing the bodies turned out to be a group of grim, red-eye zombies. Security report the incident to the police but the senior detective dispatched could not find the slightest clue. ...... Subsequently a beautiful woman is Kidnapped from the hospital to find herself imprisoned in a terrorist laboratory, without a soul to help her she must fight to survive, and escape becoming a zombie herself...... Found footage film where a group of aspiring filmmakers are stalked by a serial killer in a derelict apartment building. In the summer of 2010, police officers in Yuba City entered a derelict apartment building. Inside they found the bodies of seven young adults. Also found inside was a mini DV camera containing found footage of the victims before and during their attack. The film centers around 8 people, from all walks of life, who thought they had bought a 'movie role' in a horror film, only to be locked inside the haunted mental asylum to test "The Lucifer Effect" experiment. The apocalypse has arrived. Seven strangers escape a fiery blast that has engulfed the city. Refuge is found in an abandoned government building. Trapped with nowhere to go, they soon realize they are not alone. Something sinister, hidden in the shadows, is slowly killing them off one by one. A game of survival has begun. Become the hunter or become the hunted. --IMDB When a realtor shows an old New York factory building to a group of would-be investors, they are unwittingly caught in its tragic and sinister history. It starts like this: a beach, a cliff, a pine tree forest, and a house made of stone. In the house, Virginia wakes up startled by a nightmare, and in the nightmare we can see her cousin Anabel with a deathly pale face and traces of blood around her lips. Ilsa is a warden at a Nazi death camp that conducts experiments on prisoners. Ilsa's goal is to prove that woman can withstand more pain and suffering than men and should be allowed to fight on the front lines Claudia dies just before she was about to receive her wedding ring. She decides to come back to Earth with the help of an angel. Once in the depths of the frozen North, Arose a dark power. To some they were known as the Alliance. John Nolan was said to belong to this group. The town of Madison was built in the form of a pentagram on Indian burial ground, and John Nolan tried to set forth the end of time. The Talisman and the book stopped him hundreds of years ago, by a witch "Stella." Hundreds of years later, a young girl who has a 50,000 page SA Assigned by her teacher leads her into an adventure, reading an incantation and accidentally setting John Nolan free, rising from the dead. It is up to Cassy, to stop the evil entity from destroying the world as it changes from dimension to dimension. The Assignment is a colorful tale about a quest a woman faces present and past. Cassy, along with a witch, a priest, and her best friend Oliver end up on a roller coaster of mayhem, trying to solve the mystery and stop John Nolan from finishing what he had started hundreds of years ago. With the help of a reality TV show Anna searches for her daughter who disappeared under mysterious circumstances in a forest known for many Slender Man apparitions. 6 new and original tales of horror and terror! A group of five American friends on the cusp of adulthood travel to Panama to relax and reconnect. They befriend a local woman in their hotel bar--and despite some ominous whispers--she goes against the specific instructions of her brother and brings the Americans on a daytrip into the pristine falls at the nearby jungle. What begins as an innocent outing to a picturesque waterfall quickly turns terrifying after she suddenly goes missing. As night closes in, the friends realize too late the truth behind the rumors--the legendary, blood-sucking Chupacabra is now stalking them. The story of a reality T.V. crew of paranormal researchers who journey to Colorado's San Luis Valley in order to investigate the unexplained phenomena of cattle mutilations. Over the course of their three day investigation they find much more than they ever could have bargained for. The lives of several couples and singles in New York intertwine over the course of New Year's Eve. You've never been invited to a sleepover like this! "Pajama Nightmare" includes three freaky, sexy stories from the twisted heart of Athens, Georgia. It's all here, folks: Busty aliens, singing cannibals, and a Halloween slumber party filled with burlesque babes! The young woman, Marie, is an outsider in the small coastal community where she has grown up. The townspeople live in fear of her and not least her mother, who is wheelchair bound, suffering from a mysterious illness. When Marie discovers her body changing - long hair growing on her chest and back - she begins searching for answers concerning her family's hidden past. Something that will have great consequences for herself and her family - and the choices she has to make. Nick, Ryan, and Bill have a dream: to have their own hunting show on television. With the help of their camera man Craig and the funding of the National Gun Owners of America, they are given the chance at a trial run, a documentary about the hunting experience. But when they cross the bridge and into the woods beyond, the hunters find themselves in the midst of the legend of Elizabeth, a vengeful specter willing to do whatever it takes to be reunited with her lost child. As the documentary progresses, the strange events continue to escalate to a deadly climax. Can the hunters save themselves from becoming the hunted, or are they doomed to be become a permanent part of the legend of Crybaby Bridge? Viola and Nicola are going through a rough time. To overcome this crisis, they decide to spend a weekend in a remote cabin belonged to Nicola's parents. Just a couple of days together to heal their wounds, , but everything will take a turn for the worst, when a sneaking suspicion become pure madness. What was supposed to be a quiet trip will suddenly slip into a deadly nightmare. After many a nights of failed attempts, a group of friends obsessed with Hollywood's hottest night spot finally make it in with the help of their new friend Judy. The hot music, beautiful people and open bar lead the gang to believe this will be the best night of their lives. But, it doesn't take long until they discover that Club Dead has a dark secret- it's run by the undead and those that get in aren't meant to come out "alive"! Judy discovers why she was chosen- Madame has a unique destiny in mind for the pure young beauty. When Judy and her friends discover the truth, chaos ensues as the group is desperate to find a way out of... Club Dead. An interesting little short about the exploitative system of the 1930's-50's that used cheap Mexican workers (that "cross the border on temporary work permits to *help* with the harvest"). A witness to a car accident is offered bribes by both parties. The couple that owns Tom and Spike decides they can't afford to keep both. They agree that the first one to catch the mouse can stay - bad news for Jerry, until both Tom and Spike cause a bit too much destruction and both get thrown out. This was the first Tom and Jerry cartoon to be released in CinemaScope and the second to be produced in the format (the first was Touche, Pussy Cat!, released a month later), which widened the cinema screen to a more expansive aspect ratio to compete against the growing popularity of television. The CinemaScope process required thicker and more defined ink lines around the characters, giving them a slightly more "modern" and less detailed appearance. The cartoon is also the first to feature an owner of the house that is not Mammy Two Shoes, the African-American maid voiced by Lillian Randolph from the first cartoon Puss Gets the Boot (1940) up to and including 1952's Push-Button Kitty. Instead, Mammy was replaced with a white married couple. The television crew of the "Scary Antics" hidden camera show sets up a disturbed young man for a practical joke, but the joke is on them when heads roll. The young Tore seeks a new life in Hamburg among the religious group called The Jesus Freaks. When he by accident meets a family and helps them to repair their car, he believes that a heavenly wonder has helped him. He starts a friendship with the father of the family, Benno, and soon he moves in with them at their garden plot, not knowing the cruelty there is to come. True to his religious belief Tore stays with them although the increasing violence by Benno is torturing him... Stan and Ollie try to hide their pet dog Laughing Gravy from their exasperated, mean tempered landlord, who has a "No Pets" policy. BBK returns to wreak havoc on a new group of victims at a bowling alley. A Sicilian widow earns her living as a clairvoyant, in Milan, but she hasn't got any power at all. Her son instead holds supernatural powers and with the help of his mother he becomes a strong sorcerer. But he fails perhaps to understand the real strength he possesses inside and unbinds uncontrolled forces that lead people that surround him to go mad. Narrating in voiceover, Tahimik explains the patterns of daily life in the village. He has a fascination with the Voice of America broadcasts, and particularly with the space program. He longs to be part of the developed world, and forms the Werner von Braun fan club. When an American arrives for an aborted international conference, he gets his chance. The American asks him to come to Paris, to run his chewing-gum-ball machine concession on the streets. In Paris, and on a trip to Germany, he makes friends and discovers that progress in the developed world sacrifices important values. Backgrounded by footage of a summit meeting in Paris, and unable to return to an idealized image of his past, he stubbornly refuses to capitulate to the terms of progress, resigning from his post as head of the Werner von Braun fan club and maintaining that he will find his own way. Phometrica tells the story of a couple, Stefania (Joanna Ignaczewska) and Jose (Tom Woodward). When Stefania falls pregnant, Jose becomes suspicious about the nature of the clearing work she's undertaking to help support the family. Paranoid that she's keeping something from him, he follows her. However, rather than reveal Stefania's secrets, Jose steps into his own nightmares and finds himself exploring his own guilt.  Meanwhile as Stefania seeks to pull their life into some kind of order, the couple find themselves separated by the growing chaos, and are unable to escape their hopeless indulgence in their own suffering.  Featuring Arthur Brown as cult leader Deacon Tavalouris, the film plays out in a series of fractured sketches that range from the comedic to the surreal. Milton, a college dropout, was only supposed to cook meth for one day. Broken out of rehab by a brash young woman and her trigger-happy ("ex") boyfriend and driven to a remote cabin the woods, Milton finds himself drawn into a dangerous love triangle gone haywire. The couple's deadpan half-truths spin around Milton like a song on repeat. They seem to read him like an open book, until a mysterious message opens his eyes to his cursed existence. With unlimited ammunition, any hunting tool they could desire, and an ever-growing body count, for what did Milton really sign up? A 19-year-old girl discovers she is the descendant of the Byzantine Emperor Justinian, and she learns that the emperor might have unleashed the plague on mankind and cursed his bloodline. Mika Collins wasn't always a loner. But her shattered past has left the security operative cold and distant, unable to connect with the only friends she has left - her team at ThinkTanc Security.  When her boss and former lover, Tanc Lorenzo, decides to take his staff on a team-building hike into remote country in the Blue Mountains, Mika must spend 48 hours in the constant company of the ThinkTanc team, without the sophisticated distractions of their urban existence. But when the team strays into the territory of a yet-undiscovered Australian predator, they will face a threat much more immediate than the tensions that brought them here in the first place.  When darkness brings the disappearance of their leader, the group splinters, and it's up to Mika to identify the threat before the darkest force of nature destroys them all... A young girl and her family go through a horrifying reality while she becomes possessed by demonic forces. Throughout the film we experience the ways a family deals with situations beyond their control and how they fight to overcome them. Only when the possession takes place does the family bond get stronger and the relationships between them get tested to their limits. A beautiful native guide splits the loyalties of two guides seeking the sky burial platforms from the Orphan Tsunami of 1700. But they found too late that she will never let them leave the forest alive. The gruesome Nazi Zombies are back to finish their mission, but our hero is not willing to die. He is gathering his own army to give them a final fight. When whites hunger after the gold on Ute Indian land, a bigoted young man finds himself forced into a peacekeeping role. Paris 2020, a high tech surgeon and her daughter are involved in a horrific car accident, the surgeon saves her daughter's life at the cost of manipulating her dreams and memories. A fashion photographer is traveling to meet his sister at Eden Parish. Once there, his friends begin to film interviews with the Eden Parish inhabitants, all of whom speak of the commune in glowing terms. However, they soon discover that there is a sinister edge to the commune that belies the seemingly peaceful setting. When a young man is executed for committing murder, he leaves behind a curse letter, promising vengeance for all those connected to his unfair trial. Upon discovering her husband's infidelity, Sandy leaves the suburbs and moves into the city. There, she befriends Aram, a guy whose wife only married him so she could get a green card. Sandy hires Aram to be her nanny, and  it isn't long until Aram and Sandy find out they get along wonderfully and start to date. But is their relationship real or is it, in fact, just a rebound for both of them? The story of a man who wakes up in bed suffering from memory loss after being in an accident, only to begin to suspect that his wife may not be his real wife and that a web of lies and deceit deepen inside the house where he soon finds himself a prisoner. A sickly young woman experiences visions of her dead mother. She struggles to determine if the apparition is simply a side effect of her daily medication, or her mother actually reaching out to her from beyond the grave. 5 beautiful girls win a contest to star in a new reality show. Spend a night in a haunted house, and the first one to make contact with a ghost will win. But the house is really haunted by a killer who intends that none of them will win. New Years Eve, 2004- Kevin Healy(Santos) and Tiffany Matthews(McCoy) head out to celebrate the New Year and a new beginning in their 7-year relationship. In the midst of the celebration the young couple decide to mark the occasion by experimenting with Crystal Meth. Unbeknown to them, town bad boy Randy Martin slips LSD in their drinks, setting into motion a night of life altering events which will leave one dead and the other forever scarred. The young couple leave the party and quickly begin to realize that they are not alone, or so they think. After a car accident the two run into the woods to escape their stalker, with no protection from the elements. Attempts to call for help are futile when they realize that their cell phone signal is lost. Alone in the woods with the delusions of being chased the couple slowly begin to turn on each other. There is a series of Buddha statue thefts in Kyoto. Beniko, a high school girl, gets the Buddha statue at her family's temple stolen and has her parents killed at the same time. She needs to know what caused the death of a parents and dreams of revenge. She goes on a fantastical journey to ultimately face the demon. The entire film is produced by hand drawing all the gods 'manifesto animation' or 'gekimation' based on the amazing hand drawings. Horror - Segments from eight of the leading indie horror filmmakers including Tim Ritter, Brad Sykes, Donald Farmer, Todd Sheets, Chris Seaver, Ron Bonk, and Marcus Koch. -  Vanessa Nocera, Alaine Huntington, Mike Malloy A Korean zombie coming-of-age story. Convenience store clerk/film student Mu-Young, gets a chance to make his first movie, a zombie melodrama. The dream project turns into a nightmare. Everything that can go wrong, does. Barely surviving his disastrous shoot, he comes to realize making a movie is like love, you can't do it alone. A movie for people who love movie making, making love and zombies. A director and her lead actor get a vacation rental while filming a movie. Their host, who initially comes across as extremely sweet and caring, becomes their worst nightmare. A man obsessed with bird-watching takes on a new hobby, killing young ladies. Favoring pedigree dogs, a new regulation puts a severe tax on mixed breeds. Owners dump their dogs and shelters become overcrowded. 13-year-old Lili fights desperately to protect her pet Hagen, but her father eventually sets the dog free on the streets. Hagen and his pretty master search desperately for each other until Lili loses faith. Struggling to survive, homeless Hagen realizes that not everyone is a dog's best friend. Hagen joins a gang of stray dogs, but is soon captured and sent to the pound. With little hope inside there, the dogs will seize an opportunity to escape and revolt against mankind. Their revenge will be merciless. Lili may be the only one who can halt this unexpected war between man and dog. Known previously for his comedic work, James Quall delivers a stirring, nuanced performance as Leolex, a mentally disturbed man who locks himself out of his garbage-filled apartment. Unable to access his anti-psychotic medication, Leolex is accosted through the night by visions of shadowed figures. Depressed musician Gus and girlfriend Fiona must return to the home of his childhood, where the gruesome murder of his father took place. Soon after arriving they discover that even more sinister disturbances lurking in the shadows at this mysterious house on an island. The Moreau Family travel around the UK putting on an underground variety show for an adult audience. But behind the curtain there is something more sinister going on than simple entertainment. A town is under siege by a gang of drug dealers when from seemingly out of nowhere, a mysterious man in black astride a motorcycle, begins targeting the junk peddlers for death! Three Australian telecom tradesman find themselves trapped in a telephone exchange during the onset of a zombie apocalypse. A student moves in with a family that lives in an underground house in the middle of the forest, far from civilization. His hopes of peace and quiet are soon shattered, when it becomes apparent that both the parents and their son have a screw loose. This modern adaptation takes place in the streets of Los Angeles, where a copycat killer is not only inspired by a true story but also based in part on the actual psychiatric case files of a leading Jack the Ripper suspect which were recently made public by the mental institution where he was detained for years. After a programmer working on a top secret surveillance program snaps in a murderous rage, a notorious code wizard with problems of his own moves into the startup offices to figure out what went wrong and deliver the final product. But the deeper he delves into the code, the more the code takes on a malevolent life of its own. SHOCKWAVES is a darkly comic psychological thriller about a man whose traumatic memories of childhood send him on a hallucinogenic carnival ride of self-destruction and murder. Through a surrealistic Mobius strip of alternate realities, shifting times and multiple dimensions, SHOCKWAVES weaves a kaleidoscopic nightmare tapestry of abuse and revenge.  The stream-of-consciousness depicted in SHOCKWAVES is a dazzlingly complex remix of signs, gestures and actions that underlie meaning within a culture saturated by moving pictures. The film is composed from over 25,000 short film clips derived from both original footage and from public domain movies. To watch the film is to experience a man's life and to be immersed in a kaleidoscopic collage that both drives the story and illustrates the inner and outer lives of the 2 main characters.  A documentary film crew investigate a series of brutal killings known as the Black Water murders. As they delve deeper into the story, they stumble upon a horrifying secret. One they may not survive. On a camping trip, Matthew's girlfriend Rachel was abducted by a UFO. A year later Rachel returns to the very spot from which she was taken but the creature she has become has Matthew fearing for his life. Fleeing a cataclysm of unimaginable origin, Catherine Murnau finds herself trapped in a nightmare while holed up in a crumbling warehouse where a crypto classified "human predator," has been accidentally set free. Catherine soon realizes that she is in fact not alone - coming face to face with the last Vampyre who is starving from being imprisoned in a weakened state for decades. Catherine begins to fear that she may have stumbled into her own tomb, but reaches within herself to engage with the creature learning more about human history than the world outside would dare to face, a truth so alarming and illusion shattering that it could only be told by the last Vampyre on Earth. A US intelligence officer, stationed in Germany, is caught in a political dilemma when the Russians kidnap a young Army private, the son of prominent American businessman. In exchange for the soldier's return, the Russians attempt to barter a trade for an elderly German couple who they want for treason. Carlo and Melissa stay at a seaside villa but everything changes when Melissa discovers an ancient book of demons and the ghost of a 10 year old boy that's been dead for 40 years. She becomes possessed and it's up to Carlo, with the help of Anna De Luca, a professor on demonology, to stop the ritual that will bring about the rebirth of a 400 year old demon. A nuclear warhead launched by Soviet insurgents protesting the waning Cold War destroys the Ukrainian city of Donetsk. The destruction sets off a race between American and Soviet politicians to prevent a nuclear holocaust. While the U.S. president feverishly works to keep the military and political machine from going into overdrive, various subordinates panic. When the president is believed to be killed in a helicopter crash, zealous advisers take over. This quirky film was British Leyland's answer to the challenge of promoting their unusual design to the all-important American market. The plot revolves around a New York salesman transported to the Speke factory in Liverpool by an attractive 'witch' in the style of the then popular US TV programme 'Bewitched'.  BONUS - Buffam &amp; Co (1977) The TR7 goes rallying in the USA. Tour de Corse (1977) A record of the punishing progress of two TR7s through the Corsican landscape, featuring Brian Culcheth. Triumph - A Sporting Success (1979) The Triumph TR7 V8 enjoying success on the Ypres, Manx and Mintex rallies during 1978-9, featuring Tony Pond and Murray Walker. On the night of an astronomical anomaly, eight friends at a dinner party experience a troubling chain of reality bending events. When an Archaeology student and her friends discover a Nazi bunker called 'Valhalla', their search for stolen pieces of art becomes a nightmare. The place is guarded by a hideous beast, and they find themselves running for their lives. When a team of explorers ventures into the catacombs that lie beneath the streets of Paris, they uncover the dark secret that lies within this city of the dead. A couple and their daughter moves to Colombia to take over a family manufacturing plant, only to realize their new home is haunted. Young Emily Walton, who has suffered from psychosomatic blindness ever since the car accident that took her mother's life, must summon every instinct at her disposal to protect herself and her loved ones from a mysterious intruder A drug fueled camping trip goes to hell when a militant killing machine stalks four teens through the wilderness, luring them toward an abandoned Army hospital.  After their mother passes away, sisters Nicole and Annie reluctantly return to their childhood home to pay their last respects. While staying overnight in the house, the sisters sense a mysterious presence in their midst: noises startling them in the night, objects moving about, a fallen picture of an unknown woman posed next to their mother. Annie begins experiencing a series of intense and disturbing dreams - visions that lead her to uncover something terrible about her mother's past that is finally revealing itself. A documentary that chronicles Pras Michel's 9-day experience as a homeless man in downtown Los Angeles. Given a dollar a day to live, his worldview is shattered as he sees firsthand the fight for survival on the violent streets. Accused of a brutal murder by the people in their village, Oliver Isaacs and James Dean-Hughes set out to prove their innocence and catch the ferocious beast that they claim is actually responsible for the death of Oliver's fiance, Stacey Charles. A small entourage including a documentary crew tag along on their nightly hunting trips but an escalating body count and rising tensions amongst the group look certain to destroy the fellowship even before they can locate the beast referred to by local legend as 'The Devonshire Devil'. "TORN: a SHOCK YOUmentary" is the product of the documentary film crew's findings. It is the tragic and terrifying story of how the lives of James and Oliver are torn apart by 'The Devonshire Devil'. A motorway, a woman, and a monster -- Adutha Kattam, made by Malaysian Tamils with the support of the Malaysian Film In  2010 "Skinwalker Ranch" gained media attention after experiencing a wide range of unexplained phenomena. Reports ranged from UFO sightings to livestock mutilation, but maybe most notable was the disappearance of ranch owner Hoyt Miller's eight-year-old son Cody on November 11, 2010. Close to a year later, Modern Defense Enterprises has sent a team of experts to document and investigate the mysterious occurrences, which only escalate upon their arrival. Tensions rise as the team must decide how far they will go to unlock the mysteries of "Skinwalker Ranch." The group debates whether the answers are worth risking their lives for, or if they should just call off the investigation and leave the ranch--that is, if leaving is actually an option... In this brilliant one-man show, the mild-mannered, thirty-something Steven Banks arrives home after a long day at his dead-end corporate job, still dreaming of being a rock star. Steven receives a message on his machine from his boss, Mr. Buttle, informing him that he never received an urgent speech Steven wrote for the board of directors. Steven must scramble to write a new one, but he has less than an hour to do it. Along the way, he continually procrastinates and distracts himself from the task at hand, playing with toys and various musical instruments, baking cookies, putting on costumes, leafing through an old high school yearbook and performing some hilarious original songs along the way. Meanwhile, he's got to deal with his grumpy landlord Mr. Mescue, his clingy girlfriend Phoebe and even a broken toilet. Will Steven ever finish his speech? Or does fate have something else in mind for him? Upon the death of his great grandfather, Brandon Davis a wedding photographer inherits an antique camera famous for taking Victorian death photography. After photographing his subjects they start to die from horrible, bizarre deaths. Young urban couple Ed and Sarah are set to begin a new life when they move from London into an isolated borders Scottish farmhouse. After falling in love with the 19th century Castle Farm and seeing its potential as a fixer-upper they are anxious to get started on the renovations. In bed on their first night Sarah thinks she can hear noises in the darkness but Ed is disbelieving saying it's her imagination playing tricks. Persisting in her fear they are not alone in the house, she forces Ed to investigate. When he doesn't return after a scarily long period, she goes downstairs to investigate only to be confronted by a welcoming committee of masked intruders. As she desperately searches for Ed, a terrifying game of cat and mouse ensues with the mysterious assailants. But what do they want and what horrors do they have planned for the two newcomers? When a deranged killer's modus operandi is repeated, Inspector John Kelly, a young detective, fears that the killer has returned. Forced to bring in the retired Lincoln Frost for assistance, the two discover that the killer is but a wisp of the original, a copy cat that seems apprehensive in his actions. What drives the new killer and why Frost feels compelled to close the case once and for all drives the two detectives to find within themselves the focus needed to bring both killing sprees to a close. The path they follow will change them forever. It's one twist and turn after another that leads to a confrontation and a truth about the killer that you will never see coming. Jurgen Noetafreud is a professor of the psyche of human sexuality, who introduces 10 short segments from his case studies of the most common female sexual fantasies. An enthusiastic internet celebrity, Bryce Ryder, throws the party of a lifetime in celebration of his 100th video- yet an unexpected guest plots to murder everyone in attendance. A young couple ventures into the woods to capture footage of the elusive Bigfoot. Holly loves Rob and tries to help him through his grief - even if it means contending with his dead girlfriend Nina, who comes back, bloody and broken, every time they make love In 1980 a mother took her son to get a present on his 10th birthday. They went to an old abandoned Campground: Little Farm on the River. She took him to an old camper and asked him to step inside, once he did she reached out and grabbed a screwdriver sitting on the counter and began stabbing him over and over again. Now 30 years later a group of friends decide to go down to the campground to celebrate a birthday party, but the mood soon changes when people start turning up dead. Will the the teens be able to check out or stay at camp permanently? A teenage girl is abducted by a serial killer couple and manages to escape and find refuge in an isolated farmhouse, only to discover it is home to greater horrors and a malevolent spirit. The Arizona Territory, the 1870's. Marshal Frank Wilcox, along with a Buffalo Soldier from the U.S. Army, must galvanize a group of survivors to fight back when the living dead rise and seek the flesh of the living. It's a world gone mad and a battle against the unthinkable. Joined by an Apache Chief and an outlaw prisoner, the group must learn how to survive in a time where the dead walk. Max is an artist seduced by the allure of fame. Sara is an art critic whose obsessions exceed even his. When she lands a writing gig at a major art magazine, the pair retreats to a cabin in the woods, where Max reveals his strange new painting method. Convinced of its potential, she agrees to collaborate on a piece sure to revolutionize the art world. While both original and mesmerizing, the project reveals something dark and disturbing about their relationship. Like two digital-age Frankensteins, they manage to make a painting come alive - though the unsettling consequences of their success may be more fit for the pages of a blood-soaked tabloid than the chronicles of art history. The singing, rhyming citizens of Hamelin hope to win a competition with rival towns for royal recognition. To this end, the mayor outlaws play (which is a bit hard on the children) and refuses to help a rival town when it's flooded. But rats (seen only as shadows), fleeing the flood, invade Hamelin in droves; a magical piper, whose music only children (and rats) can hear, strikes a bargain...which, once the rats are gone, the Mayor and council renege on, to their subsequent regret. On a peaceful October day a college team and their coaches depart on a three day journey to a national championship. From the start strange things happen on their creaky, rented bus. Just after midnight on the third day, they hit something on the road. For the next six hours in the dead of night thirteen people face their ultimate terror. Trapped and isolated they must recruit all their strength and courage and find every available resource to destroy these mysterious predators. What do they want? Who do they want? It's a fight for survival In the Still of the Night. While watching two children on Halloween night, a babysitter finds an old VHS tape in the kids' trick or treat bag. The tape features three tales of terror, all linked together by a murderous clown. As the night goes on strange things begin to occur in the house. It isn't long before the babysitter learns the horrifying truth... the maniacal clown is slowly working his way into her reality. Newlyweds Sarah and Cory Morgan have decided to take a relaxing holiday with Cory's 7 year old son Liam to try and smooth over some of the teething problems Liam is having with his new Mom. Despite the idyllic location of Cory's isolated and luxurious country house, the family soon realize they have made a mistake in going there. Someone has been using the house in their absence. Their unwanted house guests will soon reveal themselves and the family will find itself caught up in a fight for their lives. What was planned as a relaxing getaway quickly turns into their worst nightmare as the family find themselves on a holiday from hell. Everything seems uneventful for Dean and Claire, as they head out into beautiful rural Australia for a weekend away. Their biggest problem is what to do about Claire being accepted into an interstate University. The couple come across Knuck and things start to spiral out of control. Heath and Jarred only stoke the fire and both Claire and Dean's greatest fears are made reality. Horror story in a high way The Talib was under a shady tree when he felt someone was touching his cheek, it turned out that pocong and kuntilanak were in the tree. The Talib was scared and screamed and invited many residents to arrive. Three young people, Acong, Bedul, and Jupe, arranged a plan to make a profit from this case. They spread rumors as if they could take photos of Poke Roxy with cellphones. Even though Bedul and Jupe were disguised  News of the appearance of Roxy Pokun in Roxy soon spread and became a byword. The Chief Editor of the "Rahasia" Tabloid, Pak Edo Polo, assigned two young journalists, journalist Pina and Bondy photo reporter to track and get photos of Pokun Roxy. Then Pina-Bondy traced the Roxy village area. They met Commander Hansip Bolot.  Dracula 2012 is a 2013 Indian 3-D horror film directed by Vinayan, starring Sudheer Sukumaran, Prabhu, Monal Gajjar, Nassar, Shraddha Das and Thilakan. The film was shot in the Malayalam, Telugu, and Tamil languages simultaneously, with additional scenes and songs featuring Tamil and Telugu actors After vanishing from her family's lake house, 15 year-old Mary Solis returns without any memory of the traumatic events she experienced--and without part of her soul. Even while a shocking mystery surrounds her disappearance, and her disembodied soul begins a grim haunting, the Solis family's biggest fear has yet to be faced.     When it's discovered that two little girls, the same age as Mary's sister, Sophia, went missing on the lake the very night that Mary disappeared, the stakes are raised. Is Mary suffering from a centuries old condition known as Loss of Soul? Or, is it something more nefarious?     After enlisting the help of a Shaman, the Solis family embarks on a journey to the spirit worlds, hunting for a supernatural cure. A young militia is all that stands between a coming dead horde and their rural town decimated by the fracking industry. Laurie and Hugh are a successful young couple who have just closed on a weekend home away from the city. Unbeknownst to them, the neighboring property contains the crumbling remains of a boarding school that was shuttered in the wake of an unspeakable massacre. The sole survivor of that massacre still resides in the ruins of the school, hiding from the world and wanting only to be left alone. When Laurie and Hugh's friends explore the property, they have no idea that they disturbed an emotionally-broken killing machine: The Blood Widow. When a lonely man finds out the love of his life has a conjoined twin, who happens to be a serial killer, he must take drastic measures to keep his love life intact while keeping himself out of big trouble. In 1945 the Second World War came to an end and the Nazis fled. Scientists and military elite escaped across borders and found themselves in new worlds. Some fled to Russia, some the United States and others to South America. But there was another division, a forgotten group. A top secret and powerful team of men and women formed in the womb of the Nazi Occult. Now, decades after the war, their work is nearing completion. The 4th Reich is ready. It's more powerful and destructive than ever before. An army of hell is coming. Only one man knows the truth. His mission now, is to convince the world. Based on years of occult research and insider knowledge, Dead Walkers is a film packed with spies, soldiers, Nazis and secrets. But also a very dark and mysterious army raised in the pit of Nazi hell. Having moved to the city for work, a stressed-out young professional begins to fear that a jealous colleague is framing her as incompetent - but the truth is even more terrifying. When Seth gets dumped on his 18 birthday, his best friend Nick tries to throw him the best party ever. But everything goes wrong when Nick suspects Seth is turning into a zombie after spending the night with a prostitute. Follows the tale of a 17-year-old on house arrest for the summer. When his mother is away on business, a horrifying incident occurs, followed by an even more terrifying presence in the house. Stick a finger down your throat and barf right now 'cause this vid is SICK! Slater manhandling 10-foot thick "Soup Bowls." Andy and Bruce pumping your veins up withdanger-shred ballet. But don't eat a tub of Daaz washed down with an eight ball just yet - Shane Dorian ends this ride raw like the spandex-ed Bruce Dickenson of "Maiden Japan." We at The Mag recommend this vid big. In this meta horror film, a demonic entity uses the fictional character of Freddy Krueger to enter the real world and torment "Elm Street" heroine Heather Langenkamp and her family. Fantasy - A failed sculptor discovers a strange, talking hole in the wall. It has the power to fulfill his wildest dreams...and become his worst nightmare. -  Mary McDonald-Lewis, Don Alder, Sean McGrath A horror thriller directed by Michael David Pate. Coming back from her bachelor party in Las Vegas, Christine and her friends are driving through the hot desert of Nevada. But they are not alone - serial killer Max Seed is back and he brought the whole family. An actor named Kosuke plays the role of Iemon in a stage version of Yotsuya Kaiden and his new lover Miyuki plays Oiwa. However, as they delve deeper into their respective performances, the line between fantasy and reality becomes obscured until the murderous, vengeful themes of the play bleed into their own relationship. A survival specialist encounters poachers and something malevolent while backpacking in the remote wilderness of Montana. The Sequel to the Ford brothers The Dead. The action moves to India. A hot young college girl takes a gig dogsitting for the mysterious SILAS KILLINGTON. But hours have gone by, and she hasn't seen the dog. And the news of an escaped serial killer has her on edge. She calls some friends over, but their Ouija board session causes a blackout. Or does it? And why is some freak outside the window singing "I'm in the Mood for Love"? WHAT'S GOING ON HERE??? From the Director of 'DEADTIME' and 'Crying Wolf' comes Cute Little Buggers! Will you let them take our women? It's Gremlins meets Hot Fuzz set in the English countryside. When hostile aliens crash land on local farmland the villagers at the summer ball get suspicious when young women start going missing. The villagers soon band together around our hero Melchoir to fend off the invaders and bring back peace to the sleepy English countryside! B-movie laughs in this creature feature from Director Tony Jopia. A group of misfit slackers battle a group of egotistical snobs for snowboarding rights to a ski mountain. When perpetual never-do-well, August, hits rock bottom, he breaks into his rich neighbor's apartment to steal some money. When she turns up badly injured, he panics and hits the road, but he soon realizes he's being followed by an ominous stranger. Will his bad decisions finally destroy him, or can August find redemption? Medical researcher Frank, his fiancee Zoe and their team have achieved the impossible: they have found a way to revive the dead. After a successful, but unsanctioned, experiment on a lifeless animal, they are ready to make their work public. However, when their dean learns what they've done, he shuts them down. Zoe is killed during an attempt to recreate the experiment, leading Frank to test the process on her. Zoe is revived -- but something evil is within her. The definitive murder compilation  The Freeling family move in with Diane's mother in an effort to escape the trauma and aftermath of Carol Anne's abduction by the Beast. But the Beast is not to be put off so easily and appears in a ghostly apparition as the Reverend Kane, a religeous zealot responsible for the deaths of his many followers. His goal is simple - he wants the angelic Carol Anne. A young woman filled with anxiety and paranoia escapes into herself and creates a fantasy world involving ancient aliens who control the human race through the'Synthetic Man,' a figure shrouded in mystery who may hold the key to the woman's tangled past. Jennifer, an Australian girl on the run from her past, turns up in Amsterdam and, in a desperate attempt to blend in, joins a coach-load of tourists on a tour of Holland's old windmills. When the bus breaks down in the middle of nowhere, she and the other tourists are forced to seek shelter in a disused shed beside a sinister windmill where a devil-worshiping miller once ground the bones of locals instead of grain. As members of the group start to disappear, Jennifer learns that they all have something in common - a shared secret that seems to mark them all for doom. Twenty years ago, after his wife gave birth to another man's baby, an alcoholic husband sought revenge by slicing off the child's face and throwing her tiny body in the swamp. Today, the locals say that the little girl never really died -- and that she aimlessly roams the forest looking for a pretty face to take for her own. Now, a family of campers who've come to the woods for the weekend are in for a gruesome surprise. A bus full of strangers find themselves fighting for their lives when one of them reads from an ancient Gothic tome, bringing six dead serial killers back to life, who proceed to hunt them down one by one. The end of one journey only marks the beginning of another as Detective Loomis returns to uncover the truth behind the Legend of Pitchfork. The sequel is set just weeks after Annie Barlow's deadly confrontation with the Judas Killer. In this elevated sequel, we meet June, a woman whose carefully constructed life is beginning to unravel due to lucid nightmares so awful they disturb her waking life Ten contestants appear on a competitive reality show geared toward weight-loss. As the competition grows more intense, they realize that they're losing more than just weight; they are losing competitors. Are the contestants dropping out voluntarily or is something more insidious going on? Will any of them even live long enough to see the final round? Taking all that was great from the first installment, ABCs OF DEATH 2 aims to be a wilder, leaner, faster paced and even more entertaining anthology this time around, with a new crop of award-winning, visionary filmmakers from around the globe. A reclusive tour guide becomes an unlikely vigilante when the dark underbelly of New York City is revealed through his dreams. The working class twin sister of a callous wealthy woman impulsively murders her out of revenge and assumes the identity of the dead woman. But impersonating her dead twin is more complicated and risky than she anticipated. In the wilderness of British Columbia, two hunters are tracked and viciously murdered by Aaron Hallum. A former Special Operations instructor is approached and asked to apprehend Hallum--his former student--who has 'gone rogue' after suffering severe battle stress from his time in Kosovo. When hitchhiker Jack rescues Veronique from a road rage altercation, the twosome decide to travel together for safety's sake after learning a serial killer is cutting a murderous swathe through the region. Tired and hungry, they decide against their better judgment to take up an offer to stay the night at a mysterious elderly couple's mansion... A renegade federal agent confiscates a deadly chemical warfare virus and attempts to make it to a safe house where a scientist vows to destroy it. In the meantime, black ops agents are dispatched to hunt down the agent and retrieve the governments investment at all costs. When a woman takes a new job, she discovers the skyscraper she works in is haunted by victims of a corporation's pursuit of profit. Unable to ignore injustice embodied by the disembodied, she sets out to reveal the truth. In a post-apocalyptic world where zombies attack the remnants of humanity, one survivor is forced to make a deal with the devil. In order to regain his soul and escape his torment he must save an entire town from the living dead. A group of friends attend the wake of a child they accidentally killed with their car. Once at the wake, they find themselves trapped and stalked by a masked assailant. The warden of Halden, Norway's most humane prison, tours the U.S. prison system to urge a new approach emphasizing rehabilitation. Plagued by nightmares and obsessive sleepwalking, Darcy Baker can't purge her mind of the animalistic abuse she suffered as a child at the hands of her mother. When Darcy's therapist Ryan is informed that her family homestead, the very source of her nightmares, has been abandoned, he is eager to get her back there and pull the suppressed memories to the surface in order to start her journey of healing. While Darcy has no interest in walking through the door to that hell, she does have a deep desire to win the love of Ryan and succumbs to his wishes to return to her childhood home. Upon arriving at the decrepit house, she and Ryan discover that the fear mother ignites in Darcy still lives. Even more unsettling, they uncover the existence of ten-year-old Sam, a feral mute, who keeps his secrets dangerously close to his heart. Ryan admirably risks it all to heal both Sam and Darcy, but is their blood bond thicker than the healing waters he has to offer? Six criminals are tasked with kidnapping a young for ransom, but when they get locked inside her mansion, what they find is not what they expected. A group of backpackers diving in a ruined underwater city discover that they have stumbled into the territory of the ocean's deadliest shark species. A curse was originally cast from the attack of Haidamark Cossacks on Nemirov Poland, 1648, spawning a mythological creature, the Vodnik. This curse now plagues the Sirko family and the citizens of his town are paying with their souls. Macy is of course hesitant to believe urban legend as is local County Sherriff, Ben Cade, who suspects Florian is dealing with the grief of losing his brother in a more sinister way. A young man and a veteran meet for the last time before the war will separate them. Three friends head to the seafront for a drunken weekend, only to be imprisoned on the top floor of their holiday apartment by a malevolent paranormal force. On St. Blevins Day (the most debauched of regional holidays), four boys looking to lose their virginity, a girl haunted by a dark secret, a lonely teenager, and an escaped mental patient all meet at a party in the woods. They were looking for fun but what they found... was TERROR! A girl and her friends find a game in the attic that summons a creature known as The Midnight Man, who uses their worst fears against them. Gary, who has just married Samantha, the woman of his dreams, discovers that her six-year-old son may be the Antichrist. An aging ex-con struggles to adapt to the outside world after many years in prison--and begins to build a relationship with the grown son he never knew. A group of friends trying to repair their strained relationships decide to spend the weekend camping at a music festival. En route they stop off at a small town in the middle of rural Ireland. However, this seemingly idyllic country town is darkened by a history of strange events. Can a town that is inherently evil literally tear them apart? Can they survive.... The Devil's Woods. Van Damme plays a dirty cop who is hooked on heroin, and everyone dislikes him. Because of an accident he is put into a coma, and comes out of it a better person. He wakes up wanting to put things right. The last surviving veterans of the worst battle of a zombie war recount their horrific memories to an author who is writing a book about their experiences. From Director Brandon Ho &amp; Writer Joseph Reidhead comes the Romantic Comedy "Missed Connections" a story about love, identity, the universe, and well, sandwiches.  Marc Reid (Kevin O'Keefe), a discouraged romance novelist, is setup on a blind date with girl named Melissa by his over excited sister Julia (Sarah Kent). Marc, a little less than enthusiastic, ends up picking up Jessie (Tatum Langton) instead of Melissa from the apartment complex. As the night unfolds Jessie and Marc meet up with old friends Gary (Bryce Chamberlain) and Mary (Renny Grames) and make a couple of new friends along the way.  Things are complicated by Jessie's boyfriend Trent (Lawrence Fernandez). But will Jessie and Marc be able to find love? Can Jessie help Marc rediscover romance and his passion of writing or are they cursed to simply be another missed connection? An FSB officer fall in love with his agent, an American woman who works as a trader in a Russian bank. Fate of five local college students who went missing in the infamous Spiritual Woods is finally unraveled as previously unreleased footage is made public.  When Claire Spencer starts hearing ghostly voices and seeing spooky images, she wonders if an otherworldly spirit is trying to contact her. All the while, her husband tries to reassure her by telling her it's all in her head. But as Claire investigates, she discovers that the man she loves might know more than he's letting on. A young tech worker takes a job at a powerful Internet corporation, quickly rises up the company's ranks, and soon finds herself in a perilous situation concerning privacy, surveillance and freedom. She comes to learn that her decisions and actions will determine the future of humanity. A couple on a deep-wilderness hike become hopelessly lost within an aggressive black bear's territory. Two childhood friends, 21 years old, who are trying to create a documentary in Wisconsin, struggle to keep their friendship intact after a string of seemingly paranormal events lead to the staggering conclusion that a group of three strangers are behind the activity. Their quest to discover and convict the culprits via evidence captured on camera becomes the new focus on the documentary, resulting in a cinematic endeavor that could prove to be their last. With real locations, real people, and real relationships, this is the realest found footage film you will ever experience. Cindy and Lucy are eighteen and going away to college. As a ritual they must rid themselves of the dirt of their small home town (Allburg) by swimming in an abandoned church crypt. They jump in and begin talking about sex when Lucys crucifix falls into the water and drifts down to land on Czakyr's (an ancient vampire) head, apparently waking him up. Some time onwards a school teacher from a nearby town, Mark, gets directed to Allburg to help Lucy and her grandmother, who are suspected to be in trouble. Lucy becomes the target of a town turned vampire because of her 'virgin blood'. Mark, Lucy and an old wino shack up in an abandoned building outside of town but eventually get lured back to Allburg by the locals. There, with a giant glowing cross spearing the front of their Toyota, they take the town on and battle Czakyr. Imagine if all mythical artifacts, from Jason's Golden Fleece to Cinderella's glass slippers, were real. Well, they are -- and for centuries, a secret society called the Hunters has been sworn to protect them from an evil force called the Krugen. There is no escape... From one side of the globe to the other, there is no escaping the faces, the visions, the ever-watchful camera. There is no escaping the mask, there is no escaping the resonating echoes of images and sounds that cross each other over time. There is no escaping the cinema. There is no escaping the terrors of the mind. Based on a story of Countess Bathory, a serial killer in 16th century Transylvania who supposedly killed hundreds of children. A young widow moves into an old house on Lake Erie to recover from the sudden loss of her husband; however, she soon discovers a dark secret and that she is not alone. A rogue police detective in search of his parents' killer is murdered and reborn the ultimate killer. The inspirational story of World Champion Boxer Vinny Pazienza, who after a near fatal car crash, which left him not knowing if he'd ever walk again, made one of sports most incredible comebacks. Six young college hopefuls vacationing and partying in Lithuania get more than they bargained for when they unwittingly get caught up in a maniacal tattoo artist's fiendish side business. Josh Fosse is a 20something guy whose life is going nowhere. His girl left, his rent is late, and he lacks a real job. He is trying to make it as an app reviewer online and decides to review a self help app called i-Lived for fun. He's signs on and immediately his life turns around. He meets the girl of his dreams and he gets a job offer he can't refuse. Convinced it's him and not the app, he signs out... and loses everything. He signs on again but this time the terms are different, the app is asking him to do things that are out of his moral comfort zone... but essential to becoming the success the app tells him he can be. Based on the seinen science fiction manga series by Iwahara Yuuji, serialised in Monthly Comic Beam.A mysterious virus, nicknamed Medusa, is spreading around Japan, turning its victims into stone. Given the impossibility of finding an immediate cure, the government opts for cryopreserving a select group of patients until they come up with a solution. Kasumi, one of the chosen ones, has been asleep for years and her awakening, more than a bed of roses, is a bed of thorns, and happens in the midst of total chaos where monstrous creatures lie in wait all around. Standing on the precipice of adulthood, a group of friends navigate new relationships, while reexamining others, during their final summer before college. Dirty Harry Callahan returns for his final film adventure. Together with his partner Al Quan, he must investigate the systematic murder of actors and musicians. By the time Harry learns that the murders are a part of a sick game to predict the deaths of celebrities before they happen, it may be too late... Every year, sisters Samantha and Maggie fly home to spend Fourth of July with their parents. But this year Samantha's new husband Dan has mapped out the perfect road trip. With Maggie's husband's Jeep packed to the brim, they head out. But the fun is cut short when their car gets stolen, leaving them stranded in the middle of the desert. With no car, and no cell service, they are forced to seek the help of some small town locals. As the stranded travellers wait for the Sheriff to locate their car, it becomes painfully obvious that the locals have other plans for them. When there's nowhere to hide, all they can do is Run Like Hell. in 2007 a series of tapes were found in the basement of a London house. The tapes contained recordings made by a well known medium right up to the time of her death. She recorded the voices of the dead, one claiming to be the Devil himself. Based on true events. After moving to a vineyard with her family, a pregnant woman experiences horrifying visions. A heavy metal band are on tour when their bus breaks down on the outskirts of a remote, rural town. They are helped by a family of God-worshipping locals, but quickly discover that this clan of crazies has murder on their minds and turning them into inventory for their wholesale meat business. The band must fight their way out of this nightmare any way they can, or end up on the dinner table. Plagued by frightening occurrences in their home, Kelly and Ben learn that a university's parapsychology experiment produced an entity that is now haunting them. The malevolent spirit feeds on fear and torments the couple no matter where they run. Desperate, Kelly and Ben turn to a paranormal researcher, but even with his aid, it may already be too late to save themselves from the terrifying presence. Five friends set out to a cabin in the woods for a fun weekend getaway that is, until extraterrestrial visitors turn it into a fight for their lives. The group is pulled from their reverie when a flickering object crashes deep in the woods. As they investigate, the friends stumble across an alien spacecraft, and its inhabitants have not arrived in peace. This critically acclaimed anthology sees a young couple planning to purchase an old home, but would like one last tour before the closing. They're guided around the estate by a realtor that may have more in store than they bargained for. Searching floor by floor, they begin to discover seven tales of terror, that will leave you asking...How many stories does your home have? In an insurance company, Yoon, who is an outsider, has a power to see people's past and read their minds. Mr. Park, Yoon's boss, assumes that she has some kind of special power, decides to test her ability. At very late night when everyone has gone home, Mr. Park brings Yoon to a storage room where there are full of case reports. Among them, Mr. Park picks three doubtful cases. He asks Yoon to tell him what exactly happened. Yoon, who senses some dark aura wandering around him, tells the story of each case. Every time Yoon finishes each case, the dark aura gets darker and bigger and Yoon tries to warn Mr. Park about it. Would Mr. Park able to escape from the dark aura? An intruder breaks into the home of an unsuspecting family in order to make a home made murder film. A rookie cop's world is turned upside down when she comes face to face with Paymon - King Of Hell. Officer Jessica Loren has the last shift at a transitioning police station, assigned to wait for a crew picking up bio-hazard waste from the armoury. But unbeknownst to her, cult leader John Michael Paymon has haunted the department ever since he committed suicide in custody. Jessica is about to find out just how dangerous he still is, all alone on the graveyard shift............. The existence of the anti-Iraq coalition was threatened when Saddam targetted Israel. In order to keep Israel out of the war, and the coalition together the Scuds had to be stopped. SAS patrol Bravo Two Zero, under the command of Sgt. Andy McNab was tasked to destroy these weapons. Three of the SAS troopers were killed and four captured: Only one escaped - Cpl. Chris Ryan.  Emma Woodhouse is a congenial young lady who delights in meddling in other people's affairs. She is perpetually trying to unite men and women who are utterly wrong for each other. Despite her interest in romance, Emma is clueless about her own feelings, and her relationship with gentle Mr. Knightly. Desperate for a job, Naya lucked out as her best friend offers her a job as a housekeeper at a 5 star hotel by the beach. But the hotel has one strange rule: never open room number 308 under any circumstances. Based on the true legend of Nyi Roro Kidul, the spirit of the Queen of the South Sea that supposedly lives in room 308 in Samudra Hotel. Prema Katha Chitram is a 2013 Telugu film produced by Maruthi and Sudarshan Reddy, and directed by J. Prabhakar Reddy, who worked as a cinematographer for Ee Rojullo and Bus Stop, which were directed by Maruthi In 17th-century England, Charles II, the rightful heir to the kingdom, is driven from his country by militants working for rogue leader Oliver Cromwell. Charles ends up in the Netherlands, where he falls for local beauty Katie and spends his days happily in the quiet countryside. Unfortunately, Cromwell's associate Col. Ingram and his men track Charles down, and the would-be monarch must resort to swashbuckling his way to freedom. A young boy from the trailer park can't take another moment of ridicule from his family and peers. With support from his beloved dollies, he sets out for blood. A series of murders resembling Ji-yoon's horror webcomic drawings occur and detective Ki-chul unravels the terrifying truth of the comics himself. The stories of a missing wife, a couple of meth heads and an Elvis impersonator are connected by the items found in a small town's pawn shop. Kyle Cole returns home to the town of Kaler Mills. He hasn't been back in 10 years since the people of the town turned on him believing that he was responsible for his brothers death. His brother, Ryan Cole, was the beloved "fair haired boy" of Kaler Mills. Loved by all, hated by none. After his death in a tragic farm accident a video was released that made it seem that Kyle could have prevented his brothers death. Now, armed with a documentary crew, Kyle has returned to face his demons. But he forgot about one of them... This is an 80's style creature feature with a modern twist. Made with practical effects and classic stop motion monster techniques, The Dooms Chapel Horror will keep you on the edge of your seat to the very end. The film follows two competing television news teams as they chase a variety of leads, gradually zeroing in on an impending and possibly apocalyptic storm, and a middle-aged teacher who may or may not be possessed by a demon. Writer and actress Raquel Villavicencio plays the ruthless head of the top-rated network, coming off as a Tagalog variation on Faye Dunaway's fabled character in Network. Her team has eschewed covering politics in favour of triedand- true tabloid fodder: demonic possession. When a menacing vampire is summoned from the darkness and begins terrorizing couples in Chicago, a doctor with a haunted past is determined to confront and destroy him. A seductive teen befriends an introverted high school student and schemes her way into the lives of her wealthy family. One night per year, the government sanctions a 12-hour period in which citizens can commit any crime they wish -- including murder -- without fear of punishment or imprisonment. Leo, a sergeant who lost his son, plans a vigilante mission of revenge during the mayhem. However, instead of a death-dealing avenger, he becomes the unexpected protector of four innocent strangers who desperately need his help if they are to survive the night. Noah McManus is leaving his job with the Boston mayor's office for a dream gig in Washington, D.C. But in a single day, he finds out his new boss in Washington can no longer employ him and that his girlfriend has been cheating on him. Devastated, Noah travels to a quaint Cape Cod town and unexpectedly finds himself at home. Monsters are taking over the world, slowly, quietly and efficiently, but you won't see them coming until it's far too late! Four film students embark on a road trip to obtain promotional interviews for their college. However en route they witness a series of odd events, strange behaviour, shocking actions and what seems to be surplus of twins. Their well-ordered universe literally changes before their camera lenses uncovering a terrifying secret lurking just under the seemingly calm urban landscape.  After Larry Darrent accidentally kills his lover's blackmailing husband, someone else is arrested for the crime. When he is found guilty, Larry and Wanda have just three weeks together before he must give himself up or let an innocent man go to the gallows. Sayo moves from Tokyo with her mother to her grandmother's house in the country. On her first day of school as a transfer student, she witnesses her new friend Maho getting bullied by her classmates. However, she fails to save her due to fear of being the odd one out. When she returns home, she becomes worried that Maho was trapped in the school bathroom. Soon, she discovers that Maho has died... A lead singer in a teenage girl-band, mysteriously dies and soon haunts the other members, their new manager and her replacement. After the events of "Hantu Kak Limah Balik Rumah", Husin returns to his village in order to deal with his money problems - which he has none of! In the village, Husin reunites with the usual patrons of Pak Jabit's stall and everything seems to be as normal as it could be. However, what Husin doesn't realise is that there is a new breed of evil returning after more than a century of slumber to claim the village's long standing debt and Husin too of course! Marco Vasquez and his family have seen tragedy and despair throughout their lives at the hands of an evil entity. Now that Marco is about to start a family of his own, he is forced to return to his childhood home where it all began to put a stop to it once and for all. Actress Myrtle Gordon is a functioning alcoholic actress who is a few days from the opening night of her latest play, concerning a woman distraught about aging. One night a car kills one of Myrtle's fans who is chasing her limousine in an attempt to get the star's attention. Myrtle internalizes the accident and goes on a spiritual quest, but fails to finds the answers she is after. As opening night inches closer and closer, fragile Myrtle must find a way to make the show go on. A man with an unknown disease travels to an island with his girlfriend where his relatives once lived, hoping to find a cure to his illness. While it was thought that his relatives were all dead he actually finds them to be living underground. However because they have been inbreeding for all these years they don't look right, plus they have developed a pretty bad eating habit. Will he chose his girlfriend or his people? During an exclusive tour, a power breakdown inside a secret prison known as the Death House sends two agents fighting through a labyrinth of horrors while being pursued by a ruthless army of roaming inmates. As they fight to escape, the agents push toward the lowest depths of the facility where they learn a supernatural group of evil beings is their only chance for survival. In the year 2121, a transport ship mysteriously explodes in a remote region of space. The crew of the Redemption go to investigate and find an alluring female cyborg. Before long an alien contagion starts to take over the minds of the crew and the race is on to find a cure and stop their ship from being destroyed as well. A home-care nurse takes a job, but as it proves to be his toughest yet; he is inadvertently pulled into something much more sinister. A young bride questions her sanity as she faces abuse at the hands of her new family - until the day she decides to fight back. When two friends open a Halloween fun house on Devil's Night it is all fun and games until their former sorority sisters begin to arrive. These six sisters are confronted by their past as the night spins out of control. Following a rash of slaughtered and missing persons, two would-be documentary filmmakers set off into the woods in search of a bloodthirsty legendary creature. It's been a year since the Dogman terrorized this Midwestern community and nearly killed Hank Purvis. But now, things seem to have settled down. Everyone has gotten back to their routine. Hank still enjoys the outdoors and loves to hunt. He and his wife, Dorothy, continue to live on their family farm in the rural Midwest. The picturesque autumn woodlands are a wonderful place to be. But things are not well. Unseen in the nearby forest, are a litter of grown Dogman pups, embarking on their terrifying destiny, and standing over seven feet tall. They are a bad batch. They have to be stopped. When Claire Spencer starts hearing ghostly voices and seeing spooky images, she wonders if an otherworldly spirit is trying to contact her. All the while, her husband tries to reassure her by telling her it's all in her head. But as Claire investigates, she discovers that the man she loves might know more than he's letting on. A vampire relates his epic life story of love, betrayal, loneliness, and dark hunger to an over-curious reporter. It's the 13th month of the 13th year of the new millennium. Based on true events. The Robertson County Sheriff's Department has released footage found on the bodies of the Sawyer family's cell phones and video cameras. What was first thought to be a murder-suicide is now believed to be the return of a centuries-old demon responsible for America's most famous paranormal event. A woman finds herself alone with a strange man. No comprehension of what came before or what will happen. An ancient evil takes hold and suddenly life changes. In this unearthly tale of horror, an aspiring young psychologist discovers that an evil paranormal force has possessed a seemingly sweet girl who's charged with murdering her parents on Christmas Day. Victoria Lansang is a popular news reporter who has been requested to mediate a hostage crisis. And in front of a national television audience, something horribly goes wrong and people are killed while Victoria suffers a mental breakdown. A year later, she's eager to get back into the game. However, the only assignment she can get is to do a documentary on the last night of The Diplomat Hotel in Baguio City, a crumbling and abandoned building infamously known for its bloody past and its hauntings. Looking for redemption, she arrives there with her crew and they start filming. But as they get deeper into the night, the place starts to exert its will on them and they find out exactly what monstrous evil awaits at The Diplomat Hotel.  By daybreak, their lives will never be the same again. Dr. Michael Cayle thought leaving the chaotic lifestyle of New York City behind for the quiet, small town of Ashborough would bring his family closer together. Soon after arriving, however, he discovers the town's deepest secret: a terrifying and controlling race of creatures that live amongst the darkness in the woods behind his home. The movie follows a group of teenagers that are terrorized by an evil spirit. The film revolves around the traditional Filipino belief that one should never go home directly after visiting a wake since it risks bringing evil spirits or the deceased to one's home. SOS: Save Our Skins is the tale of two hapless British geeks who wake up in New York City only to find that the entire human race has vanished. When Sara, a young design student from Iowa, arrives for college in Los Angeles, she is eager to fit in and get to know the big city. Her wealthy roommate, Rebecca, is more than eager to take Sara under her wing and show her the ropes. The two become close, but when Sara begins to branch out and make more friends on campus, Rebecca becomes resentful. Alarmed, Sara moves in with her new boyfriend, causing Rebecca's behavior to take a violent turn. Leo, a former convict, is living in seclusion on an island with his step-daughter, the daughter of his late wife. Leo was framed by a group of former business associates, and he also suspects that one of them killed his wife. He has invited the group to his island, tempting them by hinting about a hidden fortune, and he has installed a number of traps and secret passages in his home. He is aided in his efforts by a former cell-mate who holds a grudge against the same persons. When everyone arrives, the atmosphere of mutual suspicion and the thick fog that covers the island promise a tense and hazardous weekend for everyone. After the tragic death of her husband, a soldier posted to Afghanistan, Bryony tries to build a new life for herself and her young son, James. Struggling with her own grief she fails to notice that James has become secretive and withdrawn, spending hours alone playing out death scenes with his toys. When things start to go missing and furniture is smashed Bryony blames James but when she confronts him she finds herself facing a reality more terrifying than any nightmare. As her world crashes around her Bryony realises that unless she can find a way to reconnect with her son she and James will be separated for ever. Midsummer Nightmares II: Summer's End continues the contemporary tale of Danielle Water's, viciously, vindictive psycho killer. The story picks up three years after the first film with Audrey Small facing her nightmares once more when Danielle returns to finish what she started. A group of carpet fitters are sent on a job to an old Country house in the middle of nowhere. However they soon discover it's a trap set up by the savage, cannibalistic family, The Hannings. The carpet fitters are forced to fight for their lives or risk ending up being the evenings dinner. Unfortunately they are not quite your typical heroes! Years after a mysterious plague has devastated the planet and turned most of humanity into blood-hungry creatures, a rogue drifter on a vengeful hunt stumbles across a band of survivors in an abandoned police station and reluctantly agrees to try to help them defend themselves and escape to the sanctuary they so desperately need. Four directors presents four episodes about one of the most terrifying legends from Brazil: the Sanguanel, a Italian creature who terrorized European immigrants in the 19th century.  A documentary on the life of Amy Winehouse, the immensely talented yet doomed songstress. We see her from her teen years, where she already showed her singing abilities, to her finding success and then her downward spiral into alcoholism and drugs. Solitary and alone, left by his girlfriend, after being treated badly by her, a young man finds a female body in the woods. His conscience tells him to call the police, but something inside him, something evil commands him to take the corpse with him and satisfy his darkest desires. His Life is total pieces of trash and only the love to the female corpse gives him the power to continue his life. But he hasn't finished with his girlfriend yet and so he decides that it's time to get his revenge once and for all. Who will be the winner in this love triangle? The man, the woman or the corpse? Troma Team Video presents the Third Reich film anthology! First up is "The Secret of the Magic Mushrooms" where two young friends go deep in the woods to camp and drink. As they get totally drunk, a terrible accident occurs and one of the friends loses his life. But is death really the end? Maybe a handful of those legendary magic mushrooms can bring him back to life. Next is "Attack of the Tromaggot". The illegal activities of the Mucus Mucus Corporation have left the sewers of Maggotown full of toxic waste. When a tiny maggot escapes from a nearby lab and falls down a drain, directly into a the deadly chemicals, it mutates into the horrifying Tromaggot, a bloodthirsty beast! Will the incompetent police force of Maggotown stop the monster before it's too late? Finally we have "Teenape Vs. The Monster Nazi Apocalypse". The heartbreaking story of a living placenta that is raised as a human, a christian, a soldier. Liz Gilbert had everything a modern woman is supposed to dream of having - a husband, a house and a successful career - yet like so many others, she found herself lost, confused and searching for what she really wanted in life. Newly divorced and at a crossroads, Gilbert steps out of her comfort zone, risking everything to change her life, embarking on a journey around the world that becomes a quest for self-discovery. In her travels, she discovers the true pleasure of nourishment by eating in Italy, the power of prayer in India and, finally and unexpectedly, the inner peace and balance of true love in Bali. After finding out about the brutal murder of his fiance, Shavar seeks revenge against a masked killer with a penchant for yard work weaponry. Fall will be the season of fear. A psychological thriller about a young married couple who buys a beautiful Napa Valley house on several acres of land only to find that the man they bought it from refuses to let go of the property. A mysterious, electronically-transmitted bio-virus virus threatens to infect a young couple unless their small town can identify and neutralize the source. The key to their safety may lie in the man exposing his toxic secret. New York City. 2016. In the years since Hurricane Sandy, the city has been brought to its knees by a series of 'Frankenstorms.' As hurricane season hits yet again, New York braces itself for the oncoming wave of destruction. Roommates Margot and Daniel attempt to survive this 'new' New York by avoiding it at all costs. But with the advent of three strange deaths in their Brooklyn building, the world they've been hiding from is knocking hard on the back door. They soon discover that the salad days of getting drunk and watching horror movies are behind them, because they have a new roommate, and he's got a real bug up his ass. A video surfaces in the media that appears to show a local Parish priest executing a defenseless man. The church brings in lawyer David Mallory to defend the priest and protect its interests. As David gathers the information he needs for the defense, he sees that things are not entirely what they appear to be. Hell in a Handbag is the chronicles the adventures of Father Michael, an embittered gun-toting exorcist priest, his at times volatile partner, the leather-clad Sister Joan, and their band of misfits including rabbi Ratzenberger, Russian bodyguard Silver, vampire pal Terrance and cross-dressing techie Ellis, as they fight a covert battle against Satan and his minions. One November evening a late night visitor to a shopping centre brings about a chain reaction of events that lead to a full scale invasion. Have the undead risen from the grave, or is it something far more sinister? Jack and Diane, two teenage girls, meet in New York City and spend the night kissing ferociously. Diane's charming innocence quickly begins to open Jack's tough skinned heart. But, when Jack discovers that Diane is leaving the country in a week she tries to push her away. Diane must struggle to keep their love alive while hiding the secret that her newly awakened sexual desire is giving her werewolf-like visions. In the fictional town of Grace Arbor the answers are never clear.Who is underneath the mask?PRANK is the story of a group of high school kids who amuse themselves by pulling pranks on unsuspecting students and teachers. They are all popular, good looking, the kids voted most likely to succeed. But at their core lies a cruelty and shallowness which comes with the territory of privilege. One night, a prank goes horribly wrong and a teenager is killed. The gang covers it up as a drowning accident but five years later, their lives are turned upside down when Jimmy Edwards, is killed by a serial killer wearing a haunting Marilyn Monroe mask. Soon, the gang are killed one by one in manners mirroring the pranks they pulled in high school. Is it revenge? Is it karma? Avery (Jones) returns to college as a competitive swimmer after getting his life back on track. But his life takes another unexpected turn when he and his two friends (Bonds, Casseus) are wrongly accused of murder and end up in prison. Los Angeles. A wealthy man, known as Mr. Fuller, discovers a shocking secret about the world he lives in. Fearing for his life, he leaves a desperate message for a friend of his in the most unexpected place. Everything you ever wanted to know about Phantasm is right here in this 97-minute feature with interviews from Don Coscarelli, producer Paul Pepperman, Angus Scrimm, Reggie Bannister, Michael Baldwin and Bill Thornbury. When his girlfriend goes missing, David must track down her whereabouts after he realizes she's not who she was pretending to be. It's Easter time in Crisper County and cable news reporter Marlee Meade is hunting for a way to help others. She cooks up a plan to save the old theater with a cast of costume-clad townies Daniel Lugo, manager of the Sun Gym in 1990s Miami, decides that there is only one way to achieve his version of the American dream: extortion. To achieve his goal, he recruits musclemen Paul and Adrian as accomplices. After several failed attempts, they abduct rich businessman Victor Kershaw and convince him to sign over all his assets to them. But when Kershaw makes it out alive, authorities are reluctant to believe his story. Shinobu Takamura (Asami Mizukawa) is an aspiring painter. One day, she is accused of using counterfeit money. Shinobu is confused by the allegation, because she never did such a thing and was at home when the crime occurred. Police Officer Kanou then appears and takes her to a place. When they get there, a group of people are already gathered. All of the people there are concerned over a doppelganger like existence that looks just like them and acts like them. They call that existence "bilocation". A vampire film with "altitude". Winner of 9 awards in 2013 from the Beverly Hills Outlook! The year is 1805, the city of Nuestra Senora de La Paz lives in fear of an invasion from the indigenous population, and - within its walls - a rebellion is brewing against the Spanish crown. If this were not enough, a beautiful vampire is terrorizing the population, leaving a bloodbath in her wake. A young Irish spy, on a mission for the rebels, is found near the body of a victim. She is captured, accused of the murders, publicly flogged and sentenced to die by garrote. Brandon (Kevin Julio), a rising and arrogant young actor, insulted the figure of Grandma Gayung. Since then, Brandon has been haunted by the presence of Grandma Gayung. In a state of fear, Brandon came to Boim (Yadi Sembako) and Abas (Joe Richard) who had experience with Grandma Gayung.  They are looking for Mbah Shaman Bolot. From Mbah Dukun, it was learned how to let go of the curse of Grandma Gayung, namely by taking a bath in seven wells using a dipper from Grandma Gayung. Apparently, it's not that easy. After they managed to steal Grandma Gayung's dipper in his grave, now Grandma Gayung was even bothered to chase them all. A chief mechanic at a factory, haunted by apocalyptic nightmares, becomes a hero when Earth is invaded by a mysterious army bent on destruction. After being hypnotized by his sister in law, Tom Witzky begins seeing haunting visions of a girl's ghost and a mystery begins to unfold around her. Serial killers, ghostly phone calls, inner demons, otherworld monsters and creepy stalkers collide in this frightening anthology. Six of horror's most promising new directing talents join forces to pay homage to classic horror in the tradition of "Creepshow", "Tales From the Crypt", "Tales From the Darkside", and "Trilogy of Terror," and weave an unforgettable, disturbing tapestry of terror. The star of the hit series, The Haunting of Sunshine Girl, Sunshine embarks on a new adventure with her best pal, Nolan and a new sidekick Andrew. They head to Portland, Oregon in search of her favorite urban legend, Black Eyed Kids. Here they meet several witnesses who have seen BEK. This is a whole new adventure for the group and far from her normal ghostly adventures. Little does she know the BEK world is far more dangerous and evil than any of them could imagine. Will she make it out alive? A look at the poorest district of Warsaw. Targowek looks as if the war ended just yesterday - the place is full of rubble and misery, and devoid of any perspectives for a better future. Chinese filmmaker Francois Chang studies in Paris. One day, he saw on YouTube a video of a Japanese girl involved in a paranormal event. He decided to look for her in Japan and to record everything. The film is entirely shot by iPhone and Go-pro. A collection of short stories. In one a woman who leaves her house late at night to drive to the store while a killer is loose encounters some problems. In the second an arcade whiz kid's obsession with a game leads to deadly consequences. In the third a small town priest loses his faith and decides to leave town, but in the desert is stalked by a mysterious black pick-up truck. In the final story, a family's problem with a rat is larger than they think. A family moves into a cabin where they are attacked by the vicious Field Freak. INNER DEMONS follows an 'Intervention'-style reality show crew that films an episode about a sixteen-year old girl, a former A-student, who is fighting addiction but may in fact be suffering from something even more destructive: demonic possession. The movie is an inquiry into the truth about her - with symptoms that straddle the disturbing and scary intersection between insanity, addiction and true possession. A demonic entity attempts to unleash chaos into the world of the living. While Harris and his Mother enjoy bonding at the movies, it seems the jerks in the theaters are making it harder for them to enjoy the show. Soon someone starts murdering those disrupting the film, and now Harris finds himself not only confronting his past, but questioning his own sanity as well. When a meteor lands during a beach party, it kicks off a zombie apocalypse. Five horror icons ditch an unprofitable autograph signing convention to earn some extra cash haunting an RV park, but find themselves being haunted instead. When Mitch decides to take his virgin girl friend Sarah away for Christmas, her friends tag along. What was suppose to be a weekend of fun, turned into a Christmas they will never forget. A group of filmmakers bring back a demon from the beyond, who is in search for virgin flesh to transfer its soul into. Sarah is in for the night of her life, as she is the target of the demons desires. After several years of sexual dysfunction, Ada and her boyfriend, Calvin travel to her hometown in rural Oklahoma in hopes of piecing together her fragmented childhood memories. They find their answers, but can they find their way back home? Documentary following US film-maker Joe Marino as he heads to Italy to investigate exorcisms and the truth behind rumors of demonic possession. When her possessive high school boyfriend dies in a gruesome accident, Fern Petersen's life is thrown into turmoil. Things go from bad to worse when he returns as a love-sick ghost to kill her so they can be together for eternity. Jet is a man who has a psychic ability since he was born. He loathes it, because it makes him a freak in the eyes of others. Every time he reports his vision to friends, they think he's losing his mind. Jet decides to keep his ability a secret. But soon he begins to discover a new use of it: he enters the minds of others and steals their secrets, and from just initial curiosity he starts to exploit such knowledge to his own advantage.  When Jet falls in love with a woman, he breaks his own rule. He begins to use his paranormal ability to help his lover in a way that he shouldn't. And the path of unpredictable future is leading him into a dark, unkind destiny. Whistle depicts the dreary off-hours of an ultra-technological hit-man who becomes 'involved' in the life of one of his victims. The hit-man's wife is not only fully cognizant of her husband's day job but she is also the cold-blooded contact with his bosses when the conscience crisis sets in! In a world overrun by zombies, military personnel and survivalists live in an underground bunker while they seek a cure. In the first of a two-part film project, three short stories from acclaimed Hong Kong horror writer Lilian Lee are adapted for the big screen in this horror anthology. Three thugs kidnap Emma, the daughter of a drug kingpin, and have no idea that murderous blood that runs through her veins. As time passes, the unlucky threesome finds themselves in danger from the police, gangsters and their captive. A troupe of struggling stage actors is rehearsing for a small-town production of a play. Everything seems to be as it should until one of the cast members turns up dead. In a panic, the others try to get out, only to find they are now locked in the theater with the killer! Which one of them committed the murder, and who will get out alive? England, the 19th Century. The almighty butler Sebastian of the Phantomhive House: the "evil nobles" that are contracted to perform Queen Victoria's "underground" work. His true form is that of a demon. According to his contract with his young Master Ciel, a proudly independent boy who faces his cursed fate head-on, he becomes Ciel's shadow and cleans up the incidents that occur in the underground society. Betty Preisser, an attractive 24 year old divorcee, works as a secretary in the hard-boiled atmosphere of Manhattan's garment district. Her workaholic boss Jerry is feeling his own mortality. He's overworked and lonely. He's a 56 year old widower, but still enmeshed in his family obligations. His bossy older sister Evelyn has moved in with him and he has a married daughter Lillian and grandchild who live nearby. Two ballerinas plan a gruesome attack on the ballet school that mistreated them. Wolves make the best parents. A psychological drama with supernatural elements that keeps you wondering if you are witnessing a young girl's journey towards insanity, or if the demons, visions, and nightmares that haunt her are not just in her head. Human blood is no longer fit for consumption as the vampire race slowly becomes extinct. Maria, a fearless soldier, and TS-347, a man with superhuman strength, are being pursued by a military cell responsible for scientific experiments that have resulted in a zombie apocalypse. On the way, they will meet Pedro, a man with few ambitions and a great hangover. Together, they will try to escape to a safe place, but complications will cross their paths in the form of a nuclear bomb. Lorraine and Ed Warren travel to north London to help a single mother raising four children alone in a house plagued by malicious spirits. A one-time (and now one-handed) master film editor toiling in the cinematic sweatshops of 1970s Italy becomes the prime suspect in a series of brutal murders. A unique horror film told from the first-person perspective of Grace - a naive, virginal college freshman trying to deal with campus culture and her outgoing roommate as an evil entity takes over her body and unleashes chaos. Laura and John, grieved by a terrible loss, meet in Venice, where John is in charge of the restoration of a church, two mysterious sisters, one of whom gives them a message sent from the afterlife. Young Autism sufferer Danny enjoys the serenity and solitude of camping. That's all about to change when enraged teens Nicholas, Calvin and Julia find him, each with their own agenda for wanting to see Danny suffer. On an island off the coast of North America, local residents simultaneously fight a zombie epidemic while hoping for a cure to return their un-dead relatives back to their human state. Five beautiful girls vie for a chance to become the spokesmodel for diva DeeDee DeVille's new high-end line of lingerie. The claws come out when the competition gets fierce, but when they begin to disappear one by one, they soon find that they are competing for their lives... A tale of an overzealous movie director and his unappreciative leading actress that go on a location scouting mission. What they find will change their lives forever. Deep in the Northern California woods, in the heart of the notorious Emerald Triangle, lies a remote cabin. The residents struggle to fight off the repeated attacks and abductions by mysterious creatures that have plagued them for years. When a local pot farmer is caught up with a wayward group of campers the situation quickly escalates into total carnage. Guilt ridden mother seeks to enact her vengeance against her daughter's killers. With detectives closing in, Eva transforms into a vengeful God. On the cusp of New Year's Eve, seven friends and a mysterious backpacker converge at a desolate ski lodge in the mountains when they are systematically hunted down by ruthless masked men with a cryptic agenda. Aishah (Diana Danielle) is a young woman living during the Japanese Occupation of Malaya, who, after being knocked unconscious while escaping from the clutches of the Japanese Army, wakes up in a quiet, sleepy village, seemingly untouched by the war. The villagers give her shelter and she begins a new life there. But soon it becomes clear that the village hides other secrets as well. Aishah is haunted by the presence of a young deformed girl whom no one else can see and she discovers that an unknown evil lurks in the surrounding woods nearby the village, an ancient creature that makes the villagers its prey, a demon known only as Azazil. The villagers keep an uneasy peace with the demon through offerings but the moment Aishah enters the village, the attacks inexplicably begin again. Deep within a small distant village, lives a humble Tok Chai who rears a "Hantu Raya" that provides him an easy life in return. But alas, as all good things eventually come to an end. In "Kecoh! Hantu Raya Tok Chai", the story picks up when Tok Chai passes on, leaving behind his beloved "Hantu Raya". For the uneducated "Hantu Raya", the burying of Tok Chai means the end of him, thus the "Hantu Raya" tries to stop the villagers from burying Tok Chai. With the wisdom of Tok Imam, and the efforts of Ebby, Corporal Lisa, Tok Penghulu, Sargent, Tok Imam and his followers are determined to bury Tok Chai before dawn breaks. Will "Hantu Raya" successfully stop Tok Imam and his followers from completing Tok Chai's funeral? Who will turn victim to placate "Hantu Raya"? Most importantly, who will care for ol' "Hantu Raya" when all is said and done? Criminals and a beautiful but cunning hitchhiker must battle a supernatural force known as the Reaper. In the late 1960s there were no CCTV or crime scene DNA testing, but disposing of a dead body was still bloody murder. Framed for assassinating the Grandmaster, the Lost Ninja Clan must battle their way up an underground nuclear bunker filled with hordes of supernatural enemies, mutants and flesh eating zombies. Trapped a thousand feet below the earth's crust, these ninjas will face hell. In the heat of the summer lays a lonesome house in the countryside where nine year old twin brothers await their mother's return.  When she comes home, bandaged after cosmetic surgery, nothing is like before and the children start to doubt whether this woman is actually who she says she is. After the re-emergence of the world's first mutant, world-destroyer Apocalypse, the X-Men must unite to defeat his extinction level plan. Following a ridiculously awful flight that leads to his pet's death, Nashawn Wade files a lawsuit against the airline, and wins a multimillion-dollar settlement. Determined to create a better flying experience, Nashawn starts his own airline, one that caters to an African-American clientele. Going into business with a tricked-out plane piloted by the smooth Capt. Mack, the airline hits a snag when it has to deal with the family of Elvis Hunkee. Eager to escape the grief and nightmares of the city, Louis Olsen travels to Southwest Minnesota, seeking the peace of the rural countryside. When he accidentally disturbs the grave of a supposed local 'witch' Mary Jane Terlinden, what began as a peaceful reprieve unravels into a haunting nightmare from which Louis cannot escape - but is it all just in his head? Mukundan Unni (Jayaram) is a black magician and an exorcist. He is not really keen about his father's black magic skills and is wiling away his time with two dumb cronies in a remote village. There he meets a girl named Malu (Poonam Bajwa), who has no memories about her past but falls pretty easily for the hero after a couple of songs. But they get separated soon after. Some years later, he is called by a wealthy family to exorcise a spirit (Muktha George) from their palatial house, Shenoy Mandir. He meets Malavika there but she doesn't recognise him. Meat the Jones in this humorous yet terrifying tale of a prestigious family of black cannibals. For years the Jones' have enjoyed an endless supply of "cattle" by feeding on the homeless people from the streets of Akron, Ohio. The Jones's way of life is jeopardized by their daughter Kendal who is a newly converted vegan and doesn't approve of her family's dark, twisted ways. Kendal must decide on keeping up the family tradition or helping Ed, the new-found love of her life escape the Jones's house of horrors, before he becomes their next meal. This movie tells the story of a man who goes undercover in a hi-tech prison to find out information to help prosecute those who killed his wife. While there he stumbles onto a plot involving a death-row inmate and his $200 million stash of gold. Leah confesses her true feelings to Chayse in the school library while unknown malice lurks in the hallways. The Columbus Day celebrations are fast approaching and a group of young women decide to spend the weekend camping in the Florida Everglades. However, all except one of the women disappeared. This is the chilling story of what happened. The gentlest of journeys through an increasingly shattering world. This Documentary approaches the most notorious motorcycle club in the world from the inside. It is a different angel to what and who the Hells Angels are. We look back at the history of the club, it`s origins, backgrounds and worldwide growth and show what mass media has never shown so fair. The Hells Angels talk about, their conflicts and how they deal with them. There are always two sides to a story, the one and the other one. A group of students on a class assignment travel to the infamous Camp Blood woods in the hopes of debunking a local legend. An American TV crew gets trapped in a centuries-old web of revenge, horror, and blood, when their home improvement show is attacked by angry Eastern European villagers out to kill the show's star. A retired Marshall, who has been recently diagnosed with cancer, shares whit his old friends a story that has never been told to no one. In a sleepy little town that never changes five foster kids discover a secret they weren't supposed to uncover. Now that they know the secret, nightmares come to life devouring everyone in sight! An anthology featuring the worst shorts you have ever seen. Shorts featured are The Pizza Who Rapes People 1-3, Cocksucker the Movie, Ungabunga, and The Fantastical Banana Spider Hero Boy. Sara takes a job as a cleaner to find her missing daughter and strikes an uneasy alliance with the sinister janitor. They venture with a small group into the abyss underneath Malmo and the heart of darkness. When a women's husband is brutally murdered and casterated, she enlists the help of a paranormal expert to analyze strange phone calls from his phone and her investigations lead her to a group of swingers that expose her husband's double life. Escaping from the barren white walls that consume him,  a man sets out into the October night. Whilst hiding beneath the facade of a hokey Jesus Christ costume, he very much transforms into a real monster. The proper key to unlocking his fractured mind is around every bend of his fateful journey...  THIS IS... HIS DEVIL'S NIGHT. Two friends Johnny and Jack go out in the woods looking for a body of a missing person who is thought to have been murdered by a serial killer in a small town. While searching the woods Johnny encounters the killer and ends up being murdered Jack and his friend Campbell.team up and end the killer or killers end of violence. This movie is a fun slasher, with a ton of gore. When his best friend and podcast co-host goes missing in the backwoods of Canada, a young guy joins forces with his friend's girlfriend to search for him. A dedicated student at a medical college and his girlfriend become involved in bizarre experiments centering around the re-animation of dead tissue when an odd new student arrives on campus. GHOUL is a supernatural horror film involving the real life story of the Soviet Union's most violent serial killer, Andrei Chikatilo. Three Americans travel to the Ukraine to film a documentary about the cannibalism epidemic that swept through the country during the famine of 1932. After being lured deep into the Ukraine forest for an interview with one of the last known survivors, they quickly find themselves trapped in a supernatural hunting ground. In Raya Martin's thuggish fable of disengagement, a teenage girl grows distant from her parents before possibly vanishing altogether. But this is no angst drama. It's defiance against a kind of ordered existence, treating death like a game, living life in a soft-focus daze, ready to evaporate if pushed far enough. The girl and all the other faceless kids wander numbly in slow motion through the brush, through the parental jabber, only the electronic drone keeping them from losing their bearings. A couple heads out to the woods for some time away from the city.  They are confronted by a maniacal man who wants to torture them and marry the female half. A series of cryptic phone messages and visions haunt a writer while he struggles to finish a novel. As they increase in intensity, he loses his grip on reality, eventually obsessing over an old mystery that will lead to horrific revelations about both him and his loyal wife. It's a right of passage for a young man called Jake who has never been out in his life and his friends decide to take him on a trip of a lifetime. Originally broadcast live on October 31, 1987, the "WNUF Halloween Special" is a stunning expose of terrifying supernatural activity that unfolded at the infamous Webber House, the site of ghastly murders.  Local television personality Frank Stewart leads a group of paranormal investigators including Catholic exorcist, Father Joseph Matheson and the prolific husband-and-wife team Louis and Claire Berger. Together, the experts explore the darkest corners of the supposedly haunted Webber House, trying to prove the existence of the demonic entities within.  Did they find the horrific truth or simply put superstitious rumors to rest?  Compiled from the highest quality source material available, this trailer is for the first official release the program has received since its initial broadcast. Framed in the 1940s for the double murder of his wife and her lover, upstanding banker Andy Dufresne begins a new life at the Shawshank prison, where he puts his accounting skills to work for an amoral warden. During his long stretch in prison, Dufresne comes to be admired by the other inmates -- including an older prisoner named Red -- for his integrity and unquenchable sense of hope.  A group of friends pays a late-night visit to the city morgue to surprise Amy (Harris) on her birthday. But the surprise is on them when the one-eyed corpse of brutal psychopath Jacob Goodnight (Jacobs) unexpectedly rises from a cold sub-basement slab. Their wild party quickly turns into a terrifying slay-fest as the sadistic mass-murderer resumes his savage rampage complete with hooks, surgical knives and power saws. A serial killer stalks guests during an open house weekend at a giant secluded luxury condominium estate. A put upon, knife wielding vigilante, Hectic Knife protects the city from scum, baddies and a new super villain bent on world domination, Piggly Doctor. Oregon, 1851. Hermann Kermit Warm, a chemist and aspiring gold prospector, keeps a profitable secret that the Commodore wants to know, so he sends the Sisters brothers, two notorious assassins, to capture him on his way to California. A single mother and her daughter are forced to stop by a black car on the way home. When they regain consciousness, they are in a Karst cave with seven strangers. The game is to find out a killer among the nine. A group of friends move into a vacation home with a sinister past in Fall River, Massachusetts. Suspicious of the home's owner, Taryn feels a strong connection to the house and finds herself at the center of one of the most deadly poltergeists in American history. Zombies of the Living Dead (2015) Paranormal Activity Security Squad is an indie comedy starring Bianca Van Damme (Welcome to the Jungle, U.F.O.), Sean Stone (Savages, Greystone Park), and Alexander Wraith (Orange is the New Black, Taken 3) as a group of 'ghostbusters' who are more hucksters than paranormal experts. However, when the P.A.S.S. team confronts real demons, they are forced to call upon sorcerer Mason Pike (Stone) for help in their investigations, which ultimately lead them to the doorstep of the devil himself. A young woman returns home to care for her gravely ill grandmother, only to begin sleepwalking and envisioning spirits. In the desert area of Hat Creek, cows are found partially devoured and the farmers believe that a wolf is attacking the cattle. The alcoholic Sheriff Annie Flynn is called by the local farmer Rob Horn to witness the remains of an animal to request reimbursement from the government and for an accident with a tank truck that is blocking the road. A group of punk rockers kidnap a business man because they believe he is a werewolf. When the Cockface Killer stumbles upon an underground drug deal, he accidentally thrusts his way into the New Orleans crime scene. Rival gangs led by Asian Kingpin Big Wang and bad ass biker gang, The Douche Lords, must set aside differences to recruit incestuous assassins, dirty cops, and mystical ninjas to rub out Cockface before he ruins everything! Tensions climax and Cockface must beat off news reporters, TWO rival gangs, and black magic occultists at the biggest sexual Olympics competition in the world! Grab a clean towel; here comes a GRIMEWAVE! Modern adaptation of Dracula A man hires a nurse to care for his ailing but nasty and shrewish sister. What he really intends to do, however, is to convince the nurse to join him in a plot to kill her. You've met Chucky the killer doll, now meet Charlie Crandall the DOLL KILLER. From the grim urban squalor a tortured man is compelled to murder women and leave dolls at each crime scene. Is all as it seems or is something more sinister behind the killing spree? Doll restoration artist Stephanie is about to find out when she is stalked during the week of Halloween, 1987. During the 17th century, a young woman is saved from execution and led to a priory to repent her sins but discovers a greater evil lies within. A parody of love, life and death follows Ricky through a series of relationships with a group of offbeat chicks and a visitor from his past -- desperate to reveal secrets that will change the lives of everyone involved.  In 1989, the schizophrenic son of a serial killer is remanded to house arrest after attacking a man, but when his allegedly-slain father reappears to him and threatens to resume killing, he must grapple with the question of what is real and how he will survive. Harry, Ron and Hermione return to Hogwarts for another magic-filled year. Harry comes face to face with danger yet again, this time in the form of escaped convict, Sirius Black--and turns to sympathetic Professor Lupin for help. The first film to expose unsolved wildlife deformity outbreaks and where they may lead.  Based on a true unsolved ecological mystery, thousands of hideously deformed frogs have turned up in the waters of Minnesota. As seen through the eyes of a one-hit wonder single-mother and her 11-year old son, a small town struggles with the unknown when the deadly mutations move beyond the ponds. No description A fake trailer for an alternate 'lost' third entry in the "Halloween" series. Challenged by her step-sister to return home, a young woman hiding from her past in a remote Japanese village is abducted into a fantastic wilderness and pursued by a monster, with only four nights to escape to Tokyo and face her demons. Welcome to Egypt, land of the Pharaohs. A place steeped in history and legend; Gods and spiritual guides; untold wealth - and the bone-cracking, blood-spilling guardians of its riches.  Jack Wells has arrived in Egypt in search of the famous diamond known as The Codex Stone. His journey leads him to the tomb of the cursed King Neferu, cursed not by name but by nature. With his centuries-old slumber disturbed by timeless human greed, the King rises from the dead with a blood-lust that cannot be quenched and a raging fury that will shred flesh from bone, bringing terrible and tormented death to all who dare witness the Day of the Mummy. The story of an impossible love between a cisgender woman named Fred and a transgender woman named Laurence who reveals her inner desire to become her true self. Steph has been possessed by the spirit of the Evil Lord Zasulground and it's up to Steph and her best friend Liz Lucky to defeat it. A particle physicist grieving over the loss of her husband in a car crash uses a revolutionary machine to bring him back, with dire consequences for her family. A young tech worker takes a job at a powerful Internet corporation, quickly rises up the company's ranks, and soon finds herself in a perilous situation concerning privacy, surveillance and freedom. She comes to learn that her decisions and actions will determine the future of humanity. Come in. Have a drink. DIE. When Bobby accidentally kills his wife before a get together at their home, he stops at nothing to hide the evidence from the arriving guests, even if it means murder. When Kirby Lane's SUV breaks down in the middle of the desert, she must overcome the dehydration, coyotes, and lurking undead to find her way home. When Lori Reimuller learns that her young son Robbie has epilepsy, she first trusts the judgment of the hospital staff in how best to bring it under control. As Robbie's health slides radically downhill, however, she becomes frustrated and desperate, and so does her own research into the existing literature on treatments. When she decides to try an alternative treatment called the Ketogenic Diet, devised long ago by a doctor from Johns Hopkins, she is met with narrow-minded resistance from Robbie's doctor, who is prepared to take legal action to prevent Lori from removing him from the hospital. Troubled psychotherapist Peter Bowers is suffering from nightmares and eerie visions. When he uncovers a horrifying secret that all of his patients share, he is put on a course that takes him back to the small hometown he fled years ago. There he confronts his demons and unravels a mystery 20 years in the making. The death of her sister has haunted Ana since her childhood. Ana has returned to Tijuana, her hometown, where she will have to fight this fragmented, cloudy and painful memory. On a rainy night, a dead body is fished out of a lake and brought to a local morgue. The details of who she is or what happened to her are unknown. What drove the girl to such a grisly fate? Liferaft Earth opens with a newspaper report from Hayward, California: "Sandwiched between a restaurant and supermarket, 100 anti-population protesters spent their second starving day in a plastic enclosure...The so-called Hunger Show, a week-long starve-in aimed at dramatizing man's future in an overpopulated, underfed world...." This film was made for Stewart Brand, the visionary founder of the international ecological movement and publisher of the bestselling Whole Earth Catalog (1968-85). Four wealthy, middle-class friends (Clive Swift, Edward Petherbridge, Anna Cropper and Sylvia Kay) gather for a Christmas dinner in a country cottage only to find that the past will not rest while they feast. A girl whose family is in crisis finds a time shifting way to help herself. After the human race has been wiped out, Del lives in an empty town, content in his solitude and the utopia he has methodically created for himself, until he meets young Grace, who wants to stay with him. A man recently released from a mental institute inherits a mansion after his parents die. After a series of disturbing events, he comes to believe it is haunted. An adaptation of the FIXI novel "Zombijaya" by Adib Zaini. The novel itself is inspired by AMC's television drama series "The Walking Dead". The film tells the tale of slacker Nipis who becomes a reluctant hero when a zombie outbreak robs him of the only life he knows. Based on the story by Robert Louis Stevenson, Dr. Henry Jekyll believes that there are two distinct sides to men - a good and an evil side. He believes that by separating the two, man can become liberated. He succeeds in his experiments with chemicals to accomplish this and transforms into Hyde to commit horrendous crimes. When he discontinues use of the drug, it is already too late.  A girl wakes up in a desert hotel. She can't get out. She can't see outside. But she has sufficient supplies of food and water. She'll have to adapt to live in solitude, alone with herself and her obsessions... Picking up exactly where the original left off. This 3rd installment tells the tale of Cindy and her little sister Candy fighting the good fight with the help of their friends against evil Dr. Carnage and his abominable sidekick, Max Assassin. Enter the darken, kaleidoscope colored world of the cartoon dimension where anything is possible. Where everyone is subject to a blood splattered crazy cartoon death Horror fan Tal Zimerman examines the psychology of horror around the world to find out why people love to be scared. Follow big wave surfer Nathan Fletcher through the evolution of surfing and his relationship with big waves in this special premiere event from Fathom Events, 1091 Media and Red Bull Media House.  Tracing his lineage back to his grandfather, one of the pioneers of Oahu's North Shore, Fletcher and other fellow surf and skateboard legends share insights from the pursuit of their passion. A voyage through the eyes of the surfing community that delves deep into the mind-set of the board sports culture and its roots, culminating in a spectacular, never-before-performed stunt, which once again raises the bar of what is possible.  This special one night only event will feature a behind-the-scenes look at the making of the Acid Drop. A young couple looking to rekindle a damaged relationship retreat to the remote Scottish Highlands. They are haunted by their past, their surroundings and each other. In this experimental film, British actor Boris Karloff (1887-1969) embodies over 170 characters, experiencing a schizophrenic horror trip in which he faces versions of himself in different masks, at different ages, of different genders and races. As Karloff's career spans over 50 years, from the silent era to modern-day cinema, A Masque of Madness allows us to witness the aesthetic and technical developments of the medium in one single film. Two brothers return to a small mountain town in search of their long lost parents only to discover that the place has a monstrous taste for tourists.  Three family members head deep into the woods for a hunting trip that doubles as a distraction from their troubles at home. When all of their gear is stolen, they turn on each other, but soon realize there are much more treacherous forces at work. Doctor Carter losts his wife and devotes his life to resurrecting her. However, every test of his C-900 formula creates hungry, flesh-eating zombies. Then, his daughter Cara contracts the virus and she and her sister strive to obtain the anti-serum. The Summit is a 2012 documentary film about the 2008 K2 disaster directed by Nick Ryan. It combines documentary footage with dramatized recreations of the events of the 2008 K2 disaster. On the way to and from the summit, eleven climbers died during a short time span creating one of the worst catastophes in climbing history. Much of the documentary footage was captured by Swedish mountaineer Fredrik Strang. Strang was planning to do a Documentary which was aborted due to the fact that he did not reach the summit. The footage was still valuable to help solving what really did happen since all the climbers had different stories about what happened. A group of archaeologists uncover a strange structure in Northern Canada, dating over ten thousand years before the present. The team finds themselves isolated when their communication systems fail and it's not long before they begin to feel the effects of the solitude. When car trouble strands track star Reagan Farrow in the Florida boondocks, she accepts an offer of help from a pair of charming strangers only to find herself trapped in a brutal backwoods nightmare. Held captive in an isolated cabin, Reagan manages to escape and take refuge in the forest. Relentlessly pursued by the savage sociopaths who kidnapped her, Reagan will need all of her inner strength and resourcefulness in order to survive in this gripping thriller. Tired of scaring humans every October 31 with the same old bag of tricks, Jack Skellington, the spindly king of Halloween Town, kidnaps Santa Claus and plans to deliver shrunken heads and other ghoulish gifts to children on Christmas morning. But as Christmas approaches, Jack's rag-doll girlfriend, Sally, tries to foil his misguided plans. While sorting her dead grandmother's affairs, a young woman boards in a southern mansion and soon discovers the matriarch may desire more than just her company. A gunfighting stranger comes to the small settlement of Lago. After gunning down three gunmen who tried to kill him, the townsfolk decide to hire the Stranger to hold off three outlaws who are on their way. In late 1980s, when times were fun, technology was changing, clothes were Rad and girls were Bad; there was one thing that didn't change, traditions. Delta Pi, a long-lasting sorority institution in the heart of Tampa, Florida, keeps that tradition "alive"...until late 1986 Spring Break when a serial killer was just coming to light. Chaarulatha (also spelled as Charulatha) is a 2012 Indian horror film simultaneously made in Kannada and Tamil languages. The film was directed by Pon Kumaran, a former associate to K. Bhagyaraj and K. S. Ravikumar, and features Priyamani in the lead role. The film was an adaptation of the Thai horror film Alone. Sundar C Babu composed the film's music.] The film's story is about conjoined twins. Produced by Global One Studios and distributed by Hansraj Saxena's Sax Pictures, Charulatha released on 21 September 2012 with dubbed Malayalam and Telugu versions with the same title. ADRIAN and ANDREA have been linked from the very moment they were born. A weird optical deformity makes them see the world in an incomplete but complementary way. They both know of each other's existence, since they are treated by the same ophthalmologist, SOPHIE, and have been fantasying from their early days about finding "their other half". Screenwriter John Davies has grown tired of living in London and moves to an old manor house in a sleepy West Wales village to get out of the rat race. At first he enjoys himself, embracing the quieter pace of life and starting a relationship with his beautiful neighbour Cassie Konrad. But strange, unexplained occurrences begin to occur in the manor house. John discovers he is surrounded by a supernatural presence and begins to research the house's past, discovering secrets more terrible than he ever imagined. It is now up to John to right the injustices of the past and finally lay to rest the spirits which haunt the Last House on Cemetery Lane. A movie about Geena who is always bullied by the villagers because of his character, which is soft and feminine. His grandmother is the only person who understand him and encourage him to overcome the difficulties that he facing.  Unfortunately Geena was burnt to death and no one knows who did that to Geena. At the same time, Hakim, who stays at the same village starts to see ghosts. Curious about what is actually happening, Hakim's sister decides to investigate the connection between Geena and her brother. After the incident when ADAM hit a girl named Melati with his car, Adam and his family decided to take care of her. Melati wakes up the day after but she cannot remember a thing except her name.  Seri feels threatened by Melati's presence because Seri been dreaming to make Adam her husband. A child is born with a prophecy preordained. The guardian of the room unleashes his wrath on those who challenge his will. His evil soul knows no boundary as he ravages his sister in sexual gratification, selling her to the highest bidder. Fate is written, but Valentine has to fulfill his destiny. kidnapping two girls he is intent upon unleashing hell, until a priest, sensing ancient evil, knows he must find a way to stop it. With subterfuge, hate, denial and lust, the journey to a room of terror has just begun.... The effects of sea level rise and erosion on coast lines. Rachel, a rookie cop, is about to begin her first night shift in a neglected police station in a Scottish, backwater town. The kind of place where the tide has gone out and stranded a motley bunch of the aimless, the forgotten, the bitter-and-twisted who all think that, really, they deserve to be somewhere else. They all think they're there by accident and that, with a little luck, life is going to get better. Wrong, on both counts. Six is about to arrive - and All Hell Will Break Loose! David has lost his girlfriend and his mind. Capps Crossing is his only refuge. When six hikers make the mistake of choosing Capps Crossing to spend the weekend, David will stop at nothing to make sure they never come back. A dark fairy tale about a gang of five children trying to survive the horrific violence of the cartels and the ghosts created every day by the drug war. In the wilderness of British Columbia, two hunters are tracked and viciously murdered by Aaron Hallum. A former Special Operations instructor is approached and asked to apprehend Hallum--his former student--who has 'gone rogue' after suffering severe battle stress from his time in Kosovo. A sequel to the underground hit, Junkbucket, Junk Bonds picks up a year later as Junkbucket has found himself a family of phallic cannibals to join him in his quest to castrate most of Western Washington. When a tribe of cavewomen imparts cruel justice on one of their own their fate takes a turn for the worst. After discovering and falling in love with the corpse sacrificed by the girl-gang, a lone wandering giant of pre-historic mythos is inspired to homicide. Consequently the cavewomen are menaced by the heartbroken and bloodthirsty cave-brute with a grudge, and the prophetess among them is ignored when she predicts the tragic outcome. A successful DJ living in a trendy apartment building learns his psychiatrist and new neighbor may be involved in a secret society plot drugging and killing fellow celebrity tenants. There's a fine line between man and swine! Murderous legend or deadly truth? HogMaul has been a part of rural Abrams County lore for sixty years. The townspeople are divided on the tale of the homicidal, hammer-swinging and head-smashing pig man. Is it just a story told by parents to frighten the children, or is the legend of the killer cryptid true? Watch as Abrams residents, local law enforcement, and an obsessed Cryptozoologist find out what really dwells in the dark forest. David Callaway tries to piece together his life in the wake of his wife's suicide and has been left to raise his nine-year-old daughter, Emily on his own. David is at first amused to discover that Emily has created an imaginary friend named 'Charlie', but it isn't long before 'Charlie' develops a sinister and violent side, and as David struggles with his daughter's growing emotional problems, he comes to the frightening realisation that 'Charlie' isn't just a figment of Emily's imagination. When Jodie goes missing, her parents are left behind to pick up the pieces. They frantically try every option to get her to come home, or for her kidnappers to release her. While they search the mortuaries looking for clues, a private investigator discovers a murky world and a terrible secret everyone wants to keep. Officer Rod Davis becomes embedded undercover when a cartel starts bringing drugs into the city through fish shipments. He soon finds himself and his city under siege when a scientist accidentally creates mutant fish people with a poisonous bite. It's up to the rookie cop and a sexy lab assistant to find the drug stash and destroy the crime lord controlling the mutant monsters, but it turns personal when Rod's sister is kidnapped. Are they fighting giant mutant fish monsters just for the halibut? See the badge, bass, and ass in a horror-comedy that you won't want to throw back... because it's the "Catch of the Day." A group of stranded commuters are chased by a hooded attacker into an office building, only to find the building infested with flesh eating zombies! They soon learn that their attacker is a Demon who plans on turning them into zombies as well. Can the elite, highly trained fighting force, known as DEMON HUNTERS, save them and the world from the demon and his zombie army? Set against the background of the 1984 Miner's Strike, 11-year-old Billy Elliot stumbles out of the boxing ring and onto the ballet floor. He faces many trials and triumphs as he strives to conquer his family's set ways, inner conflict, and standing on his toes. In The Legend of Mortamuth Stanley, Brian Sheridan plays frustrated, delusional indie-film director Wilhelm Von Londshlongden. Writer/Director David Dietrich hits close to home with the film's satire of the making of low budget horror movies. Attempting historical accuracy, an outcast film crew, Glenn Norgren and Eric Danes, research and retrace the steps of the legendary Mortamuth Stanley Murders. But when Wilhelm casts Larry Luckman, an insane, creepy washed up theater professor played by Michael Petranech, and Larry almost kills his costar during filming, Wilhelm becomes obsessed with this idea of reality film making and pushes his star actor toward murder. The House on the Wrong Side of the Tracks is a Found Footage Film. Three low life punks commit a home invasion with plans to capture all the action on camera, but when the couples son comes home they soon discover they entered the wrong house. In Haiti, a wealthy landowner convinces a sorcerer to lure the American woman he has fallen for away from her fiance, only to have the madman decide to keep the woman for himself, as a zombie. Two young friends from New York travel to Barcelona to get over the break up of one of them. But things won't go as expected and they will end up trapped in a house where they will have to fight an evil girl and the evil inside them. A battle between a young man, his dead mother, a telepathic space alien, and a bureaucratic government organization. In 1986, Fall Creek Valley is turned upside down by the disappearance of 10 year-old Bobby Maxwell. Twenty years later, he seeks revenge on his tormentors. Hallam's talent for spying on people reveals his darkest fears-and his most peculiar desires. Driven to expose the true cause of his mother's death, he instead finds himself searching the rooftops of the city for love. Black and White Cheesy Monster Movie. A Monster is running around killing people in San Francisco's Golden Gate Park. It's up to Detective Simmers and Mr. B to take it down before it kills again.. The main character is stricken with a horrible disease, but it doesn't affect him. It spreads to every inamimate object that he touches, and then if another person touches the object, they are dissolved into it. No one knows that Jake is the carrier except him. This brings about the "red objects" that specify every object that he has touched, as discovered by the community with cats. They use cats to test inanimate objects for the disease. And they cover themselves in garbage bags to protect themselves. Then they discover that Jake is the carrier and they chase him around... A woman pretends to be her own twin sister to win back her straying husband. A group of sorority sisters spend their leadership weekend fighting for their lives in a remote mountain cabin. A young rich orphan loses his fiancee to voodoo doll mischief on the part of his housekeeper who is jealous of his attentions. He digs his girlfriend up, cleans her out, stuffs her, and puts her in bed at the mansion. Following this, he tries out and disposes of a series of young maidens, trying to find the right replacement for her, and the disapproving housekeeper helps him with the disposals. In the prehistoric past, Keda, a young and inexperienced hunter, struggles to return home after being separated from his tribe when bison hunting goes awry. On his way back he will find an unexpected ally. What seems like an innocent wine tasting weekend turns into a bizarre, wicked, sensually overheated debauchery, culminating in a murderous grand finale evening and fateful morning after. The Last Buck Hunt is a horror-comedy about a hapless TV crew and some killer wildlife. Film starring Shweta Bhardwaj, Gulshan Grover and Adi Irani The dry quarry and a forest that still beats. A very sick father reviews the daughter. Resentments are brought to the table. The memory of the dead awakened by blood, objects, shadows and dreams affects Clarisse at this scenario of beauty and agony. Husband and business are expecting she in the city for a cathartic outcome. A group of college kids get together for a weekend of booze and war games at an abandoned hospital. The hospital has become the haven for a PTSD stricken war vet coping and acting upon his delusions. Who will survive the game? The daughter of a musical mentor adores a promising composer, who is quite fond of the adolescent. When her father dies, an uncle arrives with his own grown daughter, who begins a romance with the composer which culminates in marriage but creates an emotional rivalry that affects the three. Two men renovating a mysterious old house attempt to leave before the building enters lock down and seals them inside. Unfortunately the house has different plans for them. Following a radioactive accident in outer space, an astronaut is transformed into a sentient blob of meat who devours everything and everyone in its path. George Banks is an ordinary, middle-class man whose 21 year-old daughter Annie has decided to marry a man from an upper-class family, but George can't think of what life would be like without his daughter. He becomes slightly insane, but his wife tries to make him happy for Annie, but when the wedding takes place at their home and a foreign wedding planner takes over the ceremony. A group of estranged siblings must reconcile with the past when the death of their mother coincides with the appearance of an apocalyptic cult, suicidal clown, and the second coming of Christ. Following the dealings of a Melbourne-based hitman Ray as seen through the eyes of his ex-neighbour and friend Max, an Italian film student. Max and his camera witness Ray's work life as it unfolds from day to day, giving an insight into a world we rarely see, and at the same time developing an unusual friendship with his subject. Airi (Nanami Sakuraba) is a high school student. On the way home from school, Airi is kidnapped by someone. Then, 9 more high school students are all kidnapped like Airi. Those kidnapped students are forced to participate in Jinroh Game, with their lives at stake.  When three best friends from college reunite for their 25th year reunion, revenge becomes the order of day. A possessed clown doll is sent on a mission of murder to the local frat house... An orphaned child's dreams--and nightmares--manifest physically as he sleeps. Abandoned, abused by the police and in the throes of withdrawal, Nadine, a drug addicted young prostitute, returns to her childhood home and the mother she ran away from. Nadine's mother, Delilah; a fanatical Christian who believes demons have possessed her daughter, searches for a "cure" for Nadine's erratic behavior. When she finds a rogue preacher willing to exorcise her daughter for a fee, neither realizes they have invited the devil into their home. While her mother turns a blind eye to the bizarre practices unfolding in her own home, Nadine, racked with mental and physical pain, has no choice but to put up with the preacher's increasingly violent charade. Eloy de Palma is an exorcist pastor roaming the darkest corners of the country with his granddaughter Alba. Their mission is to help those possessed by The Evil One, an infection of the soul that is spreading fast. Each exorcism is tougher than the one before, and every battle reveals a piece of Alba's forgotten past - an enigma that if unconcealed could change the world as we know it. During school break, there was a rule that students must leave their school dormitories to return home. However, a group of students who love to visit haunted places to challenge ghosts, gathers their gang for another trial. Their place of choice was the Daeng Building, which has a history of being one student's tragic suicide spot. After the suicide, the building was abandoned and became restricted to all students. Without thinking twice, the group decides to explore the place and challenge the supernatural beings there to "make them shudder", which leads to a chain of unforgettable and horrifying events. Tempus Fugit explores the effects of being able to travel back and forth in time in boring and insignificant installments - half-day to 6-7 days, at a stretch. But the point is, much like Butterfly Effect (the film - the wikipedia definition!), small, utterly insignificant, initial variations can/ may lead to large changes in the long term. This fascinating theory is clubbed along with an average-nobody's seemingly inconsequential every day act becoming significant enough to save the world - to an incredible effect. An aspiring Romanian filmmaker obsessed with Hollywood actress Anne Hathaway goes to shocking extremes to convince Anne to star in his upcoming film. A newlywed couple finds their lake-country honeymoon descend into chaos after Paul finds his wife wandering and disoriented in the middle of the night.  Christmas is supposed to be a time of joy, peace and goodwill. But for some folks in the small town of Bailey Downs, it turns into something much less festive. "Bull" McCabe's family has farmed a field for generations, sacrificing much in the name of the land. When the widow who owns the field decides to sell it in a public auction, McCabe knows that he must own it. While no local dare bid against him, a wealthy American decides he requires the field to build a highway. "Bull" and his son decide they must try to convince the American to let go of his ambition and return home, but the consequences of their plot prove sinister. Raghava is a fun-loving youngster who enjoys playing cricket with his friends. But at night he is afraid of ghosts and is always confined to his home under the care of his mother (Umashri). His brother (Achyuth Rao), sister-in-law (Shruthi) and their children live together in the same house. When Raghava and his friends go in search of another ground to play cricket, they find an abandoned field, which, it turns out, is haunted. At home, his mother and sister-in-law witness some strange happenings. With the help of a temple priest, they confirm the presence of a ghostly spirit haunting their home. Raghava begins to act funny and shows effeminate behaviour which is when the presence of the ghost is identified. The film goes on to unravel the mystery of the ghostly Kalpana and her relationship with Raghava. A documentary based on Cheech and Chong's "Light Up America" reunion tour. In 1983, a group of High School students in a day of detention must run for their lives when a teacher in a wheel chair turns out to be an ex black ops soldier having a murderous flashback. A boy transfers to a school in the countryside, where he finds himself attracted to a mysterious girl. The girl lives alone with her mental patient father and enjoys skating alone on the lake at night. Villagers and classmates spread rumors about the girl, but the boy doesn't care. Then one day, her father disappears and the boy becomes witness to suspicious activity. Other than a few documentaries, this is Choi Jin-seong's first feature film. Steel Cold Winter is no normal teenage love story. Nami is a young woman with numerous hangups sprouting from a dysfunctional childhood. She inherits a small fortune that allows her to pursue various interests, many of which are abnormal. Starcache is a new high tech treasure hunt game along the lines of geocaching, but with a twist. The founder of this game known as "Starcache" is Jack Keaton, an ex-military Captain, has made his game interesting with a 1 million dollar cache waiting to be found and claimed! But what starts out to be an ordinary caching event becomes a quest to stay alive. A recently cheated on married woman falls for a younger man who has moved in next door, but their torrid affair soon takes a dangerous turn. Marooned on a remote peninsula and haunted by frightening specters, a young man must confront the grotesque denizens of the night, or heed the Lighthouse Keeper's cryptic warning to, 'Always keep a light burning!' A well-meaning scientist's attempt to develop a green source of energy unleashes a frankenstein from the sea. When American soldiers inadvertently steal Attila the Hun's secret riches, the wrath of the barbarian is awakened; the mummified warrior will stop at nothing to kill the intruders. A schizophrenic filmmaker, traumatized since childhood by the murder of his mother, writes and plots a retelling of his past staring a naive teenage girl and her friends while a creepy old man haunts them in the woods. When a group of young people explore an abandoned mansion, they awaken the restless spirits that haunt the dark halls. Unable to hide from the vengeful ghosts of Serbia's dark past, can they find a way out before it is too late? It focuses on two friends, one of whom pursues a relationship with a mysterious woman who part owns a guest house and who he has been dating online. Problems occur when guests at the isolated guest house begin to disappear and the guys discover the truth about the woman and her monstrous sisters and how they must escape from a mysterious island if they want to survive beyond dawn. Bachelors Grove Cemetery is one of the top ten scariest places in America, often featured in main stream television networks. "Bachelors Grove" is the first movie ever made inspired on this subject. Seven friends find themselves on an isolated farm. Here, they discover an ancient book, which summons demons from the surrounding woods. Now, these friends will have to find a way out of the fields, if they want to survive. A rich but unscrupulous old woman plots with a scientist to have her brain implanted in the skull of a sexy young woman. Taking place in a convent, we follow the story of Sister Sofia whose life takes a grave turn upon the arrival of, the troubled and haunted, Fatima.  (Shown in the Sineng Pambansa National Film Festival) A masters' master tribute seeks to honor the memory of Celso Ad. Castillo with the showcase of the last film he directed. A group of amateur ghost hunters go missing as they journey into the bowels of an abandon Insane Asylum in a search for evidence of the 'Lady in White' said to haunt the grounds. The only evidence of their quest of no return are video cards discovered by workman as they demolish what's left of the vacant structures. Some of the footage was salvageable and reveals the missing ghost hunters fate as they traverse into the unknowns of the Asylum Three friends meeting on their reunion are being drawn into a bet to prove the presence of ghosts by a rich schoolmate unexpectedly, leading them to a journey to five different places around the world suspected to be haunted. A body conscious photographer, Adrian, concocts a scenario in which he attempts to project his insecurities onto those who mock him. Hired by Adrian, his professed muse Mira and five other girls begin to question who is using who when it becomes clear that the not so normal mind of the photographer himself isn't all the girls have to worry about. A visionary romance based on a contemporary reading of Dante. A twisted new tale of terror begins for a teenage girl and her family, and revealing more mysteries of the otherworldly realm, 'The Further'. The final night's work approaches for the staff of an insane asylum. A minimal crew of security and researchers remain to ensure the patients behave as expected before their transfers to a maximum security prison. Struggling with memories of abandonment, Dr. Helen Kingford finds herself on the brink of quitting her job as a psychologist. Following his forced retirement, the hospital's head of security decides on a destabilizing course of action leading to chaos and destruction within the asylum. In the confusion, all of the dangerous patients escape their padded cells. Confused, Dr. Kingford awakens finding herself tied up in the hospital morgue. Not knowing who to trust, she finds herself running from everyone in an attempt to survive. Six young people find an old VCR in an abandoned French house. The machine turns out to be magical... or is it cursed? A thousand years ago the world completely collapsed. War, famine, and greed killed off the human race. Not much remains except for the mutants, scum, and robo-people. Humanity is a long-lost notion. Everyone must kill to survive. Even Santa. The long awaited unexpected prequel to the 1966 B-Movie legend "Manos" The Hands of Fate has arrived. "Manos" The Rise of Torgo is here. Mary Horror is back! She has her spell book and is ready to wreck havoc on the small town of Bernardsville. She needs the Witches blood of the four witches who created the spell book to make it her own once again. Sheriff Tom will do anything to stop her from destroying everything in her path and to get the book back in his hands. Third times a charm in the ultimate showdown between Sheriff Tom and Mary Horror in WITCHES BLOOD! As the staff of Good Friends Church Camp prepares for a spring break filled with "Fun Under the Son", a demon logger rises from his sap boiler to wreak his vengeance and feast on flapjacks soaked in the blood of his victims. After an unprecedented global pandemic has turned the majority of humankind into violent infected beings, Morgan, a man gifted with the ability to speak the infected's new language, leads the last survivors on a hunt for patient zero and a cure. A thief makes a disturbing discovery in the house where he breaks in. Later, when he returns to the same house with his partner in crime, things are no longer how he expected. A group of bored college students unleash a murderous demon while playing a dice game made from human knucklebones. After posting a video of herself robbing a convenience store, Kiya amasses a huge social media following. A reckless loner, she seeks some form of genuine human connection. Through her travels, she encounters a drifter, an Internet troll and a paint huffing outsider who are all pulled into her circle of chaos, junk food, and drugs. A psychological thriller about a counterfeit painter who figures in a freak car accident that renders him color blind; while recuperating, strange things start happening to him. While on a project outing in an abandoned military zone, five college students accidentally release a long kept secret weapon with a nightmarish purpose. Hashima Island was once the most densely populated island but has been a ghost island since 1974. A group of teenagers will now step foot on this island to capture paranormal encounters on tape. On the island, the teenagers are thrilled as they explore. However, their excitement is short-lived. They realize something ominous is creeping up on them and the hair-raising truth unveils through the lens of the camera. Four Way Match  Joey Janela, Caleb Konley,  Lio Rush and Trevor Lee  CZW Tag Team Title Match Candice LeRae [Replacement for Bill Carr] &amp; Dan Barry (w/Dick Justice) vs Le Tabarnak de Team (Mathieu St-Jacques &amp; Thomas Dubois)  Greg Excellent (w/Chrissy Rivera) vs Mia Yim  Frankie Pickard &amp; Joe Gacy vs Pectoral Poseidon &amp; Tim Donst  OI4K (Dave Crist &amp; Jake Crist) vs Dub Boys (Dave McCall &amp; Nate Carter)  #TVReady (BLK Jeez &amp; Pepper Parks) vs Matt Tremont &amp; Neiko Sozio  The Amazing Gulaks (Drew Gulak &amp; Rory Gulak) vs Biff Busick &amp; MASADA  Best Of The Best 14 Trophy Ladder Match AR Fox vs Mike Bailey He is a washed-up boxer waiting for his big chance to prove himself worthy of the champion's title, but above all, he is a man in a hopeless struggle to earn his mother's approval, a fraction of her affection, a glimpse of her respect... Finally, a big opportunity appears and his manager offers him the chance of a lifetime in a win-all, lose-all title fight. Rejected by his mother, frustrated and void of any feelings, he will become a slave of pure evil, a tool of destruction of the human flesh. With every soul he provides, the sinister bond tightens and the bigger the suffering, the greater the power bestowed to this apt pupil soon-to-be hell's champion... A young woman becomes trapped in her car after a hitchhiker causes her to have an automobile accident. he Bhoot of RoseVille Bengali Movie CHOPPING BLOCK follows a group of corporate guys who get laid off. Desperate times call for desperate measures. They decide to kidnap their ex-boss's daughter for ransom. Things take a bloody turn, when the boss's daughter just happens to be the only survivor of a masked psychopath. A masked psychopath still out for blood. Hilarity & bloodshed ensue... Meek, owlish Felix (George Segal) and strident, catty Doris (Barbra Streisand) live in the same apartment building. His incessant typing bothers her; her gentlemen callers bother him. Felix informs the landlord of her activities, so Doris moves in on Felix. When they both get thrown out, they move in with Barney (Robert Klein) . . . until they drive him out! That's when Felix and Doris finally decide to put theory into practice. But do opposites attract? Roderick throws a masquerade ball inside a creepy mansion with a dark past. An infamous mass-murder happened there fifty years ago to the night, but that's part of the fun for the posh hotties who show up for some boozy partying. The reverie is cut short when a Raven-masked killer crashes the party, intent on repeating the bloody history of the "Ravenwood Massacre" that happened decades ago. As the unknown killer picks the guests off one by one, old grudges resurface among friends, and new suspicions emerge. An exorcist comes up against an evil from his past when he uses his skills to enter the mind of a nine year old boy. Michel, a murderous womanizer, meets introverted Gloria online and treats her to a whirlwind one-night-stand. Offering herself as an accomplice in his seductive crimes, the unhinged lovers embark on a deadly odyssey amplified by wild sex, unbridled jealousy, and passionate forays into the dark arts. This smart and gory shocker breathes new life into the lovesick horror genre to serve up a chilling tale of white-hot desperation and terrifying devotion. Mad scientist trying to make dino-human hybrids! Tits! Wife killing clowns! Rubber monsters! Idiots! Christian boy-scout nut who thinks the devil is taking over! More idiots! Some blood, more tits! And a bucket load of humor! Fed up with mistreatment at the hands of both management and union brass, and coupled with financial hardships on each man's end, three auto assembly line workers hatch a plan to rob a safe at union headquarters. A man fights for his sanity when he finds himself trapped on a rural farm inhabited by sinister beings overseen by a mysterious caretaker. After his father is killed in an altercation with drunken thugs, Salah's world is plunged into darkness. Forced into running the family kebab shop alone, Salah struggles to manage the increasingly rowdy night life and when a fight with an angry customer goes fatally wrong, he finds himself with a dead body on his hands.  With no faith in the authorities Salah disposes of the body in the one place he knows best... the kebabs. A day in the life of mild-mannered and seemingly good-natured auto insurance claims manager Adam Kraul. He sets out to be a do-gooder and make friends, however ends up with mutilated victims in his wake when his invitations for friendships are rejected. A behind-the-scenes look at Jim Henson's 1986 fantasy film, 'Labyrinth', featuring David Bowie and Jennifer Connelly. After the mysterious death of their young son, a couple desperately flees to a remote lake house to escape the unrelenting haunting following them only to discover the mysterious entity is still very much a part of their lives. A New York taxi driver stalks a beautiful actress attending the Cannes Film Festival, which coincides with a series of violent killings of the lady's friends. Teruel, 2012. Nacho must hide in an old house at the mountains. The building reveals a tragic past buried for over 80 years. On All Hallows' Eve, A secret society of priests is conducting diabolical ceremonies in which humans are being sacrificed to appease their God Samhain.  A young woman is faced with the tragic murder of her brother. The police swear that the murderer is dead but Alice can not shake the feeling that the killer is still alive. Against her friends and family's best wishes she travels to the location of her brothers murder to hunt the killer but little does she know that she is the one that is being hunted. After losing their home following a devastating tragedy, a father and son are forced to move to an old family cabin. Neither reacts well to being thrown into this new world. The son's attempts to relate to his father are complicated when two old friends arrive for a weekend of hunting. This trip into the forest will unearth not only buried feelings of guilt and betrayal, but also a tribe of Sasquatch that are determined to protect their land. A father and daughter encounter unexplainable occurrences and frightening visions in their new home. Inspired by an infamous online video clip of a son beating his mother, a television crew from Belgrade comes to a remote Serbian village to shoot a report on violence against women. Inquiring with the locals about the protagonists of the video, they encounter a local expert on supernatural phenomena and learn about a ritual of summoning an ancient demon, naprata. Wanting to capture the first authentic footage of something otherworldly, they change their plans. Excited by the prospective success of the recording, they defy the old saying that "it's better to believe than to be convinced." Four friends take off on an 1800 mile road trip to retrieve an illicit tape mistakenly mailed to a girl friend. For the past four years, San Francisco cop Jack Cates has been after an unidentified drug kingpin who calls himself the "Ice Man". Jack finds a picture that proves that the Ice Man has put a price on the head of Reggie Hammond, who is scheduled to be released from prison on the next day. The Gingerdead Man seeks revenge against Sarah Leigh for causing him to live his life in the body of a gingerbread man. Her only hope is to team up with Larnell who has problems of his own in the form of a magical talking bong named Eebee. An innocent girls world is turned upside-down when an ancient evil begins to stalk her family. An attempt by a religious sect to rid the evil from the family results in catastrophic results that will have far reaching consequences. For 19-year-old Jay, fall should be about school, boys and weekends out at the lake. But a seemingly innocent physical encounter turns sour and gives her the inescapable sense that someone, or something, is following her. Faced with this burden, Jay and her teenage friends must find a way to escape the horror that seems to be only a few steps behind. "I have a gift for disaster," says John Morlar (Richard Burton). Morlar is cursed with a unique telekinesis power that only seems to cause disaster. A weekend camping trip turns into a fight for survival. Three best friends - Alex, Az and Jim - head to Ibiza for their first lad's holiday. Unfortunately, tagging along is Alex's unimpressed ex-girlfriend Ellie. Arriving on the island, the lads dump Ellie with Alex's sister Liz, and her friend Zara, and head to San Antonio to start their week of sun, sea and debauchery. Soon they end up in a club, run by local gangster Karl, where the attractions aren't all alive - they're zombies! Due to Jim's drunken antics the zombies escape, and soon all hell breaks loose and no one on the party island is safe. A pastor and a teacher, two pillars of the small community of Triune, share a dark and unspeakable secret: the common enemy of an ancient demonic terror deigns to destroy one through the other during the Devil's hour.  'THE REDWOOD MASSACRE' is about five adventurous friends, visiting the legendary murder site of Redwood. It has all the hallmarks of being an exciting and thrilling camping weekend away.  They soon discover they're not the only people in the mysterious location. The fun camping expedition soon turns into a nightmare as they are sadistically stalked by a mysterious unseen killer. Cadence Simon (Perinda Lowe), Conner Chase (Brendan O'Donnell) and Charles 'Ruckus' Sisper (Altorro Prince Black) journey to the location of a secret cult compound in search of two of their own. When they come under attack from an unknown force, they fortify and barricade themselves in a strategic position with an experimental all female squad capable of conducting operations in the spiritual realm. Who will survive to see the sun rise? A beautiful native guide splits the loyalties of two guides seeking the sky burial platforms from the Orphan Tsunami of 1700. But they found too late that she will never let them leave the forest alive. Struggling 'B' movie Director blackmails a serial killer to be the star of his next film. Two sisters, their families, and sometimes complicated lives. 33 years after the infamous Rendlesham Forest UFO incident, three metal detector enthusiasts hunting for Saxon gold in the same region, capture incredible footage of UFO's whilst filming their expedition. As night falls and with their navigation equipment failing, they find themselves facing a terrifying encounter with an unforgiving alien presence. A naive and socially repressed June hits the road with her new boyfriend, Max, on their first romantic trip down the coast. When a hitchhiker suddenly winds up dead in their RV, June can't deny the overwhelming thrill and lust for blood. Kike, Alexis, and Arturo want to film a documentary about urban legends. When they unexpectedly interrupt a strange ceremony at an ancient cemetery, they are forced to join with Michelle and Renato, a nurse who loves to install cameras at places where paranormal activities occur. Together they will unfold a horror that should have never been revealed. A zombie-inspired comedic horror film starring Rachel Grubb and Sarah French. Beautiful, young hitchhiker Sally (Ely LaMay), attempts to survive the night while making her way back home as a sadistic killer and cannibalistic madman (John Blyth Barrymore) haunts the desert highways, probing for fresh roadkill. When Jay and Annie first got together, their romantic connection was intense - but ten years and two kids later, the flame of their love needs a spark.  To kick things up a notch, they decide - why not? - to make a video of themselves trying out every position in The Joy of Sex in one marathon three-hour session.  It seems like a great idea - until they discover that their most private video is no longer private.  With their reputations on the line, they know they're just one click away from being laid bare to the world... but as their race to reclaim their video leads to a night they'll never forget, they'll find that their video will expose even more than they bargained for. The Spanish deep South, 1980. A series of brutal murders of adolescent girls in a remote and forgotten town bring together two disparate characters - both detectives in the homicide division - to investigate the cases. With deep divisions in their ideology, detectives Juan and Pedro must put aside their differences if they are to successfully hunt down a killer who for years has terrorized a community in the shadow of a general disregard for women rooted in a misogynistic past. Narrated by cult teen star Fairuza Balk, Beyond Clueless is a dizzying journey into the mind, body and soul of the teen movie, as seen through the eyes of over 200 modern coming-of-age classics When a lonely orphan discovers a pair of glasses that, amazingly, enables the wearer to see ghosts, his life becomes a living nightmare. Throughout his life Edward Bloom has always been a man of big appetites, enormous passions and tall tales. In his later years, he remains a huge mystery to his son, William. Now, to get to know the real man, Will begins piecing together a true picture of his father from flashbacks of his amazing adventures. Brooklyn mobster and prolific hit man Jimmy Conlon has seen better days. Longtime best friend of a mob boss, Jimmy is haunted by the sins of his past--as well as a dogged police detective who's been one step behind Jimmy for 30 years. But when Jimmy's estranged son becomes a target, Jimmy must make a choice between the crime family he chose and the real family he abandoned long ago. Now, with nowhere safe to turn, Jimmy has just one night to figure out exactly where his loyalties lie and to see if he can finally make things right. It is 1595. Brutal wars have just ended in an uneasy peace between Protestant Sweden and Orthodox Russia. We focus on the spiritual defeats of two conquered Finnish brothers, one a hardened near-psychopathic war hero, the other a gentle scientist in an age with no use for such men. They find themselves in the swampy interior, demarcating the new border with a unit of sadistic Russians. As an old Boing 747 takes off for its last red-eye flight from a small Pacific island, unusual events occur intermittently. While all the passengers are panic, the captain and the chief flight attendant try to lead the investigation. Miserable Marnie Strauss (17), a lonely teenage girl, lives alone with her reclusive mother, Matilda in a small town. She dreams of nothing more than to befriend the popular girl, Spencer, but the feeling is not mutual. After a cruel prank breaks her spirit, Marnie embarks on a violent rampage, exacting revenge on all who have wronged her with the help of her new friend, Crystal. Two strangers who have met online begin to walk Scotland's West Highland Way, but are stalked by a psychopathic deer-headed killer. Who will survive? A spaceship is sent to Mars after a alien distress signal is picked up. They find one survivor, but when a crew member is found drained of blood it's evident they have rescued a bloodsucking monster. Long ago, a tragedy befell a small logging town. For decades, in that very same community, a psychopathic murderer has roamed. Hellbent on finding and destroying anyone who is unfortunate enough to wander into his wilderness. When a group of college students decide to get away for a weekend, their party plans land them in Dark Shade Creek. But a weekend of fun soon descends into madness, and the teens find themselves in a downward spiral of terror, with almost no chance of escape. Four friends prank a Cabin in the Woods nightmare on their friend's honeymoon so well that it actually becomes The Cabin in the Woods horror in real life. Travis is an underground comic book artist with a penchant for the obscene. When one of his comics insults a Chinatown crime boss, the gangster punishes Travis by removing his drawing hand. A daunted Travis retreats into a life of alcoholic misery. That is, until his hand returns from the grave... Five college students on a backwoods excursion encounter a deadly, nocturnal presence. As horrific events unfold, the group joins forces with a town local and a prison escapee and attempt to survive the night. The wife and mistress of a cruel school master collaborate in a carefully planned and executed attempt to murder him. The plan goes well until the body, which has been strategically dumped, disappears. The strain starts to tell on the two women as a retired police investigator who is looking into the disappearance on a whim begins to think that they know more than they are telling, and their mental state is not helped when their victim is seen, apparently alive and well by one of the pupils. A group of teens sneak out of their high school dance to cruise around and have some unsupervised fun. When their car runs out of gas on a deserted road, they discover an old farmhouse and the cannibal killer living inside. In this tense tale of psychological terror, Vivian Miller (Young) is a young twenties woman who's serving out her jail sentence at a work release program in the Midwest. Her 90 days of probation takes her to The Cawdor Theater, a dilapidated summer stock theater run by Lawrence O'Neil (Elwes). Lawrence, a failed Broadway director, is now reduced to staging amateur productions with young parolees and raging over the mistakes from his past. Vivian's arrival in Cawdor starts a terrifying series of events that brings Lawrence's secret past to the present.  After Vivian views an old taped stage production of Macbeth, a force of evil is unleashed which soon turns its sights on her. With the help of Roddy (Welch), a local outcast, Vivian sets about trying to discover who the supernatural killer on the tape is before she becomes the next victim. The sequel picks up eight years since the opening night tragedy of HELL HOUSE LLC and still many unanswered questions remain. Thanks to an anonymous tip, an investigative journalist is convinced that key evidence is hidden inside the abandoned Abaddon Hotel - evidence that will shed light on the hotel's mysteries and many unsolved deaths and disappearances. She assembles a team to break into the hotel in hopes of discovering the truth. But the source of the tip and the secrets of the Abaddon Hotel are more horrifying than any of them could have imagined. Ayame finds herself often in a numb state. She suffers from a disease which causes her to feel sleepy regardless of the time. Ayame also has a reoccurring daydream. One day, Ayame daydreams that her younger sister Hiiragi dies. This time around she'll have to fight her own dreams. Elodie seeks the truth about the assassination of her parents. The local police give little assistance to her, accusing a vagrant homeless man, but this does not convince Elodie. With the support of her boyfriend, she meets the person who holds clues to the mystery from the beginning, a single mother named Beatrice, who lives with her baby. The late husband of Beatrice was linked to the death of Elodie's parents and this gives way to a path for Elodie and her boyfriend to follow for answers. As the plot deepens, a rift develops between Elodie and Beatrice, and the life of Beatrice's baby is threatened. Lies and the truth become commingled and the mystery unfolds in thick fog of deceit. Fed up with the evils of today's Society? So is Reverend Smith, but unlike you he has a remedy for it. See how he deals with murderers, rapists, white supremacists, child pornography, crooked lawyers, drug dealers, gang-bangers, prejudice and the over all ills of our society. Take a ride through Reverend Smith's vengeful mind, where no one is safe and all are judged in "Music Store Massacre". A trio of awkward teens intend to win a horror festival by making their own movie, but wind up getting their actress possessed in the process. Kyle Reading is a zoologist who has been studying wild animal attacks across the country in hopes of finding ways to prevent them. When a young boy is allegedly killed by a bear in Florida, Kyle launches his own investigation. He quickly turns his attention to Dean Clout, the child's uncle, who somehow survived the vicious attack. Dean, infamous for being the town drunk, remembers very little about his brush with the bear. Found unconscious in the woods, he only recalls that he and the boy were left there by a friend who went to run an errand and never came back. In November 2012 Rachel Kusza and her team of film makers travelled to Transylvania to document the Baciu forest. A forest with a dark history of strange occurrences, ghost sightings and countless cases of missing people. The film crew were never heard from again. After searching for the film crew for two years Howard Redman, Rachels teacher, found the crews camera buried in the snow.... The Queen of Selvascura risks everything to be a mother; the King of Roccaforte falls in love with the voice of a mysterious girl; the King of Altomonte becomes obsessed with a flea and neglects his daughter. A group of kids embarks in a macabre adventure, full of characters from the Brazilian popular imaginary - the werewolf, a witch, a ghost, monsters and The Saci. This made-for-TV movie follows a group of friends as they try to find a boat lost for 50 years in the Bermuda Triangle. Singer and songwriter Hank Williams rises to fame in the 1940s, but alcohol abuse and infidelity take a toll on his career and marriage to fellow musician Audrey Mae Williams. An awkward, unemployed man who can talk to the dead teams up with a rebellious bartender to find the vengeful ghost that's been terrorizing their town. Teenage Lisa Walker searches for her missing brother with the help of two Detectives, unknowing that evil walks among them leaving a trail of dead bodies along the way. Confined to an asylum for the criminally insane for the past four years, Nica Pierce is erroneously convinced that she, not Chucky, murdered her entire family. But when her psychiatrist introduces a new therapeutic "tool" to facilitate his patients' group sessions -- an all-too-familiar "Good Guy" doll with an innocently smiling face -- a string of grisly deaths begins to plague the asylum, and Nica starts to wonder if maybe she isn't crazy after all. Meanwhile, Andy Barclay, Chucky's now all-grown-up nemesis from the first three Child's Plays, races to Nica's aid. But to save her he'll have to get past Tiffany, Chucky's long-ago bride, who will do anything, no matter how deadly or depraved, to help her beloved evil devilish doll. In a remote village in occupied Europe, the SS pursue their inhuman treatment of captured partisans in efforts to force them to betray their comrades.... while Fraulein Krast, a sadistic biologist, concentrates her efforts on the womenfolk with refined tortures and humiliation, leaving them to the mercy of a sex-crazed half-man, half-beast she has created with experimental injections.... And as advancing Allied forces approach the village, Krast herself becomes a victim of her own fiendish rituals.... In the early 1970s, Dr. Henry West creates an institute to find people with supernatural abilities. When Judith Winstead comes to the facility, she exhibits amazing abilities that the military wants to turn into a weapon. Amigo Undead is the story of Kevin Ostrowski as he attempts to reconcile with his estranged, underachieving brother Norm on a camping trip. They're accompanied by several of Norm's unusual friends. When one of these friends dies accidentally, the decision is made to bury him out in the desert with some very unforeseen supernatural consequences. A young man becomes haunted by a wraithe after becoming obsessed with a woman's death from 160 years ago. This documentary scratches its way beneath the surface of an infamous Toronto animal cruelty case, deftly exploring the opaque logic surrounding this macabre act. Meet Peltzer Arbuckle, a bullied office employee, humiliated by his megalomaniac boss, teasing colleagues and cheating partner.  Stuck in his mundane, nightmarish reality, once news about an embarrassing sexual accident circulates the workplace, Peltzer decides to put up with his misery no more, and conjures up his childhood imaginary friend Ronnie who manipulates him to exact gruesome revenge on his tormenting co-workers.  As the body count rises, Peltzer must either run away from his past or take control of his future, battling between sanity and madness in a twisted tale of infidelity, revenge and snapped banjo strings. John Henry, a down on his luck salesman, is given a chance at success by an alien visitor, trading technology for help in human experimentation. Blinded by his ambition, the salesman open a doorway in which the alien can develop the means to control the human race. It's left to Detective Mike Washburn, who is investigating the missing persons reports, to get to the bottom of the disappearances. In the dead of winter, Kat and Rose, two very different girls, find themselves spending winter break at their prestigious prep school. What they don't know is that Kat is being stalked by an evil entity, and their lives are about to change forever. Meanwhile, Joan, a young, troubled woman, makes her way across a frozen landscape towards the school. But why? A hunt for easy money turns into a deadly search for a missing loved one as outsiders confront the evil forces behind a native American myth. "Asylum of Fear" follows a team of paranormal investigators as they go on one last job to a haunted mental institution where children have reportedly gone missing. While searching for evidence of what is haunting the abandoned building, they stumble upon clues that reveal what made the former head doctor snap and go on a killing spree through the halls decades earlier. Unfortunately, the more they uncover, the more they struggle to make it out of the asylum alive because something inside wants that mystery to stay dead and buried. A happy family returns from a vacation to find their home invaded by a criminal family and must fight for survival. Father and son coroners receive a mysterious unidentified corpse with no apparent cause of death. As they attempt to examine the beautiful young "Jane Doe," they discover increasingly bizarre clues that hold the key to her terrifying secrets. With their sights set on a PS25,000 reward promoted by a local newspaper, American documentarians Georgia and Matt head to Exmoor in North Devon to film the fabled beast supposedly slinking through the remote terrain. Is the creature a leopard, a panther, a family pet crossbreed, an imaginary predator? Setting up a forest camp with an old acquaintance harbouring his own dark secrets, the trio fix 42 cameras to the trees and rocks, linked back to a computer nerve centre where nothing should go unnoticed as they take turns to night watch. But then they discover some putrefying body parts all neatly tied up... then some more. And before long they realise they are in the lair of a beast right enough, but certainly not one of the four-legged variety. For they have discovered a serial killer's playground and are soon to become his most wanted prey. Sci-Fi -  Steven Arabia, Robert Arensen, Audra Balewski  In a small town circa 1860 small pox takes the life of a little boy. He enters a world that will get him prepped and re-incarnated for his next life. The library is a second chance, a place to select a storybook life and be reborn. The evil darkness takes the boy into lower earth. All the corners of hell are fighting to keep him from reaching the next level. Four guardians are sent to rescue him but they only have 30 minutes. On a cold December night Logan's babysitter tells him three tales of unspeakable horror. But the most terrifying tale of all is lurking right outside their door. Herbert Blount is a crowdfunding contributor for the new Adam Rifkin feature KNOCKED OFF. Unhappy with the film, he steals the footage and kidnaps actress Missi Pyle to star in his own "director's cut!" Annessa, a lonely teenage girl who befriends Charlie, a disfigured monster who lives alone in the woods. As their friendship develops, their lives begin to spiral out of control when they are confronted with prejudice and Charlie's own violent, primal nature. The mummy of a cursed pharaoh and a reanimated corpse terrorize a medical university. Only an Egyptologist and a college professor, the deranged Dr. Frankenstein, may be able to stop the creatures before it's too late. An orphaned brontosaurus named Littlefoot sets off in search of the legendary Great Valley. A land of lush vegetation where the dinosaurs can thrive and live in peace. Along the way he meets four other young dinosaurs, each one a different species, and they encounter several obstacles as they learn to work together in order to survive. Jason Gedrick and Eric Roberts lead the cast of this thriller about a submarine captain who attempts to hold Washington, D.C. hostage for a billion dollars, and the heroic doctor who struggles to thwart the plan before the situation escalates. From the producers of the FrightFest 2011 favourite PANIC BUTTON comes a supernatural tale of ghostly Victorian revenge. When 19 year-old Brighton call-girl Blue meets her latest punter Bill, little does she know the horrifying impact it will have on her wayward life. For the seaside house he's renovating once used to be an infamous Victorian brothel with a murderous history. Together they uncover a mysterious annexe behind a two-way-mirror that prostitutes of the day used as a clandestine resting area known as a Sleeping Room. Further investigation exposes the habits of a cruel serial killer who recorded his most unspeakable crimes on the media of the era, the Mutoscope, the end-of-the-pier coin-in-the-slot peep show machines, and a connection to Blue herself. Now the chilling closet space is about to unleash terrible occult forces and nobody will escape its monstrous power unless a score for a heinous felony is settled. A fledgling sorority has just purchased their new home, but the inexpensive beat up house has a history no one could imagine. Now as they move in and continue their college lives something evil is making itself known by affecting their minds... and bodies. In the 1820s, a frontiersman, Hugh Glass, sets out on a path of vengeance against those who left him for dead after a bear mauling. The Brothers Bloom are the best con men in the world, swindling millionaires with complex scenarios of lust and intrigue. Now they've decided to take on one last job - showing a beautiful and eccentric heiress the time of her life with a romantic adventure that takes them around the world. No overview found. On a trip home to visit her father, Jenny is thrown into a world of mystery, horror and legend when she is called upon by 3000 year old spirits of the Neverlake to help return their lost artifacts and save the lives of missing children. Mike is studying for his med school entrance exams, and wants a job that will leave him time to study. He is hired to help Mr. Pinborough, a wealthy recluse who lives in the woods, and requires constant care. Mike's job is to assist the head caregiver Robin. Soon, he is haunted by dark creatures and things hit a peak when Robin disappears. When the president of Russia suddenly dies, a man whose politics are virtually unknown succeeds him. The change in political leaders sparks paranoia among American CIA officials, so CIA director Bill Cabot recruits a young analyst to supply insight and advice on the situation. Then the unthinkable happens: a nuclear bomb explodes in a U.S. city, and America is quick to blame the Russians. Kane Hodder stars in "Abandoned in the Dark", an anthology film comprised of 4 short horror, suspense stories seamlessly connected to one another through extreme tension and gripping real life conflict. Intriguing characters find themselves in life or death situations and forced to confront their own worst fears When a brilliant but obsessive scientist goes to extremes to develop a universal cure for all disease, he finds himself infected with a bizarre parasite that begins to transform him into a bloodthirsty madman. Time running out, he must find a way to stop the monster that is growing within and prevent the rest of the world from being "cured." Rachel and Anna return home two years after their mother's death, and find the town abandoned with their house left in disgusting disarray. When Rachel begins hallucinating about their dead mother and some ancient artifact, terrifying clues begin falling into place surrounding their family's past. A teen faces a night of terror when three malevolent trick-or-treaters come knocking at her door. Mark (a journalist from Xice Magazine) is sent to do a premier article on Steve and John (co-creators of XBus & owners of Bang-on Entertainment). They decide to take Mark on a ride that, unbeknownst to them, turns into a vicious nightmare. Caught in a revenge plot that's been brewing for years, Mark tries to escape with his life as our mysterious Beth reigns down punishment for Steve and John's past dirty deeds. What is a "just" consequence for a couple of scum-bag's?... And how far will one go to get even? In the not so distant future, biochemical technology has advanced in unexpected ways. Unfortunately, it has fallen into the hands of the wrong man. A brilliant young biochemist by the name of Jacob, who believes the world is a better place without humanity. Jacob decides to take matters into his own hands by beginning the process to wipe everyone out. Staging biochemical attacks through out the city, the virus is released, infecting millions, from a matter of seconds. The virus is fierce, causing chaos and destruction everywhere. Across the way, just minutes before the attack, a young woman, by the name of Cee is caught in the whirlwind of her sister's wedding. As the wedding begins, the virus hits. Infecting everyone. Cee watches the attack unfold before her eyes, as dozens of loved ones perish. Waiting for the infection to take her, Cee finds herself alone in the early days of an apocalyptic world, surrounded by chaos and war. Fighting to survive as long as she can, she meets a... A young girl sent to live with her father and his new girlfriend discovers creatures in her new home who want to claim her as one of their own. A film producer who was adopted as a baby and sent to America, returns to her native Russia and the family farm. Once there, strange things begin to happen including the disappearance of her guide, the manifestation of ghosts (including her own!) and the appearance of another man who has been drawn to the farm for the same reasons. A thriller filled with classic horror elements that focuses on 3 different parties, whom all eventually cross each other's paths in a remote area of the Catskill Mountains. A group of four friends on their first camping trip together, a ghost hunter and his fiance from NYC, and a father and son who live in the woods. They all unknowingly enter into a world of hate, betrayal and revenge, fueled by events that took place involving four inmates at the King Lakes Psychiatric Hospital for the Criminally insane, back in 1978. It has been rumored that the area of the Catskills our characters travel to is haunted, and over the years, many disappearances have been reported. An Ape from Space spreads terror into a small towns camp grounds. The lazy sheriff, and dumb deputy don't know what to do about it. When art student Kangsheng returns to his remote hometown village with his classmates to search of ancient murals, they are witness to a fatal car accident. Kangsheng's girlfriend Wangzhi unintentionally interrupts the local witchcraft ritual for the deceased. Horrified, the group flee the scene and settle at the inn owned by Kangsheng's mother. The following day, out searching for murals, the group find instead a mysterious hand-painted sign in a cave. The surprises are only beginning. A rare glimpse into a Dubai harem and a document of the significant changes in the lives of Arab women during the early 1970s, this is the only film made by Eve Arnold, the world-renowned photojournalist and first woman to work for the elite Magnum Photos. Five teenage friends set out for the beach on their Spring Break vacation. Good times are cut short when one of the group, Carrie, contracts a deadly sexual transmitted disease during a bathroom stop. When they stop for the night at an isolated motel, the real terror begins when the STD virus starts running rampant, turning those infected into the living dead. In 1992, a young man who works at a video store takes shelter in it (along with his friends and family) during a "possible" zombie invasion. An insane gore filled zombie anthology. Alluring vampire woman infest an urban jungle, posing as hookers to lure their prey and then tearing out their hearts and other body parts. Veteran police detective Groper and his rookie partner Slimski are assigned to investigate a bizarre series of murders, corpses found completely drained of blood. A hot lead brings the lawmen to an abandoned house where the vampire hookers and their vampire pimp dwell. Tired of scaring humans every October 31 with the same old bag of tricks, Jack Skellington, the spindly king of Halloween Town, kidnaps Santa Claus and plans to deliver shrunken heads and other ghoulish gifts to children on Christmas morning. But as Christmas approaches, Jack's rag-doll girlfriend, Sally, tries to foil his misguided plans. Beckoning the Butcher explores the night Chris Shaw and his four friends summoned a spirit into their holiday house - then disappeared forever. In an effort to do something different, four friends head into Australia's outback to explore Charlie's Farm, the site where a violent family met their end at the hands of an angry mob. Despite all warnings, they persist in their horror-seeking adventure. Following a virus in the water supply the people of Stoke-on-Trent are quickly turned into rampaging zombies.  Follow various groups of survivors as they deal with apocalypse in their own wat!  Life will never be the same again Mill Valley, Pennsylvania, Halloween night, 1968. After playing a joke on a school bully, Sarah and her friends decide to sneak into a supposedly haunted house that once belonged to the powerful Bellows family, unleashing dark forces that they will be unable to control. Sequence were originally created for the THX WOW! laserdisc, but also appear on the "THX Ultimate Demo Disc" that was given out when you brought a THX package that cost at best PS10.000 ~15-20 years ago. Tatya Vinchu comes back to life after 20 years, and now wants to migrate into the body of Lakshya's son. Minnesota, 1990. Detective Bruce Kenner investigates the case of young Angela, who accuses her father, John Gray, of an unspeakable crime. When John unexpectedly and without recollection admits guilt, renowned psychologist Dr. Raines is brought in to help him relive his memories and what they discover unmasks a horrifying nationwide mystery. Three ghost-hunting high-schoolers visit the Moore House in Villisca, Iowa--the site of one of America's most grisly unsolved mass murders. After their private tour is interrupted, the group sneaks back in at night, unaware of the otherworldly terror that awaits them. This all-female horror anthology features four dark tales from four fiercely talented women. John Form has found the perfect gift for his expectant wife, Mia - a beautiful, rare vintage doll in a pure white wedding dress. But Mia's delight with Annabelle doesn't last long. On one horrific night, their home is invaded by members of a satanic cult, who violently attack the couple. Spilled blood and terror are not all they leave behind. The cultists have conjured an entity so malevolent that nothing they did will compare to the sinister conduit to the damned that is now... Annabelle. Following a Halloween party, an attractive girl and her friends must fight to escape the nightmarish dwelling of a twisted killer with a dark secret. A group of teenagers spends the night in a furniture store for a graduation party. A psycho killer starts to hunt them down and kill them off. A classical musical conductor unravels into the abyss of insanity. The story is about David Gates, a cryptozoologist  who is hired to film his investigations. One of them being a mysterious town where all of it's inhabitants have vanished without a trace. David uncovers far more than he anticipated and puts his own life at risk.  Afterwards David begins to feel the bizarre effects from the town within his own biology. Mean while he is sent by his investor to film an exorcism.  Something that is completely outside of his expertise. Already suffering from unnatural symptoms, David, who is now reluctantly in the presence of pure evil, fears that multiple inhuman forces are tearing him apart from inside. A search and rescue team are transported through deep space to a distant mining colony to save the sole survivor of a biological outbreak.  During their mission, they find a lethal weapon which is set to arrive on Earth within the hour. A private investigator reads a book of sinister origins and unknowingly puts his daughter and himself in a fight for their lives...and their eternal souls. After living through some tragic events, a rock band composed by twenty-year-old, immerse themselves in a conceptual project that winds-up becoming a three track album that deals largely with their guilts, fears and traumas. Horror film from Anthony M. Winson Jebin is a writer who is trying to get his work published. He comes to understand his financial status after his father's death. There is also a villa in Pondycherry that has been bequeathed to him by his dad about which he had no clue till then. His ensuing journey to the villa sets the ball rolling for interesting events that get unfurled slowly. In the town of Cutter, most people keep to themselves. But when John comes home to find his girlfriend missing, he sneaks into his neighbor's house, finding his girlfriend and several other kidnapped people tied up in the basement. When the neighbor come home, John is forced to get out of the house alive and lead the group to safety. A young girl travels to Cairo to visit her father, and becomes unwillingly involved with a bizarre sadomasochistic cult led by the charismatic Paul Chevalier, who is a descendant of the Marquis de Sade. The Beckoning is a contemporary suspense thriller with a historical subtext. It is set in the San Francisco Bay Area, in Marin County, near the historic Drakes Bay at the Point Reyes National Seashore, where the world's greatest explorer, Sir Francis Drake is said to have landed in 1579. Autumn of 1924. It's grouse shooting season and Rose's father-in-law invites the Crawley family to a shooting party in Northumberland. While a virus that causes the dead to reanimate brings the world to its knees, the scientist responsible entrusts his cataclysmic findings to Katya Nevin, a troubled ex-war correspondent turned anchor-woman at W.W News. While she and the rest of her crew witness the collapse of society via video feeds from around the globe, a deadly special agent climbs the building floor by floor, his only goal to ensure her silence. Armed only with information and an indomitable will to live, Katya must overcome her crippling anxiety and learn to lead in order to make it out of the studio and into a terrifying new world where only the dead survive. After the tragic disappearance and presumed death of her tech mogul husband, Samantha Hastings decides to escape from her fancy hi-tech house in Silicon Valley and move to a rustic and cozy tiny house, completely isolated from the prying eyes of the public. As she begins to adapt to her new lifestyle, Samantha's serenity is interrupted when she can't shake the feeling that she is being watched... exactly what her husband felt before his disappearance. Strange and unexplained terrors begin to happen in the tiny house until eventually Samantha's sanctuary becomes her prison with no way out. In a desolate community full of drug-addled Marines and rumors of kidnapping, a wild-eyed stoner named Lou wakes up after a crazy night of partying with symptoms of a strange illness and recurring visions. As she struggles to get a grip on reality, the stories of conspiracy spread. A mother's grief over the death of her toddler leads to horror. Vampires have just made themselves public! Now a group of documentarians have been granted access to spend some time with them and learn how they live and coexist with humans. But as reality sets in, the crew realize they are in for far more than they bargained for. Horror / comedy Inspired by the face eating incident in Miami. A passionate holiday romance leads to an obsessive relationship when an Australian photojournalist wakes one morning in a Berlin apartment and is unable to leave. To survive, Andy commits heinous acts of murder to find refuge from a world that is mad, a world where we deny our true will, thoughts and desires. How many people like Andy commit heinous acts in their attempt to "cope" with an insane society? When bachelor Walter Davis (Bruce Willis) is set up with his sister-in-law's pretty cousin, Nadia Gates (Kim Basinger), a seemingly average blind date turns into a chaotic night on the town. Walter's brother, Ted (Phil Hartman), tells him not to let Nadia drink alcohol, but he dismisses the warning, and her behavior gets increasingly wild. Walter and Nadia's numerous incidents are made even worse as her former lover David (John Larroquette) relentlessly follows them around town. Skeletons in the Closet is a late-night, horror anthology television series featuring The Widow and her dead husband, Charlie. Each episode finds them providing hilarious commentary on a variety of B-movie horror films - some of which are terrifying! Their number one fan, a precocious 11-year-old named Jamie, never misses an episode. With her parents out for the evening, Jamie sits down in front of the tube to devour the delectable terror, but her favorite Friday night freak show is constantly interrupted by her annoying new babysitter, Tina. If they can survive each other, they may be able to survive the night! It seemed like a great idea when all-around nice guy Max and his beautiful girlfriend, Evelyn moved in together. But when Evelyn turns out to be a controlling, manipulative nightmare, Max knows it's time to call it quits. There's just one problem: he's terrified of breaking up with her. Fate steps in when Evelyn is the victim of a fatal, freak accident, leaving Max single and ready to mingle. Just as Max is thinking about moving on with what could be his dream girl, Olivia - Evelyn has returned from the grave and is determined to get her boyfriend back...even if that means transforming him into one of the undead. Imagine an insatiable demon that feeds on blood, thrives on pain, and reaches from beyond the grave to torment the living...and the dead. For believers and skeptics alike, there is nothing in this world or the next to rival the relentless evil of a Voodoo Possession. Burdened since childhood with a gnawing sense of guilt, cynical Aiden Chase journeys to a Haitian insane asylum in search of his missing brother. Upon arriving, he discovers all the inmates and the hospital administrator (Danny Trejo, Machete) are seemingly possessed by a bloodthirsty voodoo spirit. Now, Aiden must abandon reality and descend into a terrifying spirit world to try to rescue his brother - or they will both be damned for eternity. I Am No One follows in the footsteps of a serial killer as he is followed by a film crew. The Earth is invaded by alien parasites aka "slugs" that ride on people's backs and control their minds. A trio of American government agents attempt to thwart this. When a devoted husband and father is left home alone for the weekend, two stranded young women unexpectedly knock on his door for help. What starts out as a kind gesture results in a dangerous seduction and a deadly game of cat and mouse. A beautiful princess born in a faraway kingdom is destined by a terrible curse to prick her finger on the spindle of a spinning wheel and fall into a deep sleep that can only be awakened by true love's first kiss. Determined to protect her, her parents ask three fairies to raise her in hiding. But the evil Maleficent is just as determined to seal the princess's fate. No overview found. 'The Third Night' follows a series of events that occur after a motorcycle gang leader by the name of Rang dies. 'The Convent' is about an all-girl convent school where occasionally the sound of someone playing a piano is heard from the old abandon chapel. 'The Offering' is about a shop that sells paper money and offerings to the dead. Alien pods come to Earth and, naturally, start taking over Human Hosts. One such pod only manages to take over one human's, Shin Izumi, right arm. Together they grow and co-exist, all the while the other aliens are making meals of other humans; Shin feels he must put a stop to it all, but his alien, Migi, doesn't see why. Alien pods come to Earth and, naturally, start taking over Human Hosts. One such pod only manages to take over one human's, Shin Izumi, right arm. Together they grow and co-exist, all the while the other aliens are making meals of other humans; Shin feels he must put a stop to it all, but his alien, Migi, doesn't see why. The four kinds of sex - Love-Sex, Money-Sex, Like-Sex and Hate-Sex are illustrated by scenes involving two lovers (Love-Sex) and the participants in an orgy (Money-Sex, Hate-Sex and Like-Sex). A hapless filmmaker documents the weird, violent, and surreal torments of an extraterrestrial clown. Dead bodies begin to turn up all over the city, each meeting their demise in a variety of grisly ways. All investigations begin to point the finger at deceased killer John Kramer. A reclusive woman holds the secret to a series of mysterious child disappearances in a small northern community. A paranormal investigator gets more than she bargained for on a routine call.  After Kelly broke up with Rick, her abusive boyfriend, her friends had a slumber party to cheer her up. As they are telling horror stories, there is a killer in the house coming for them. In this cult film, Azure St. Clair, a neurotic vampiress who is deathly allergic to blood, must protect her only source of food, the VAMPIE (a vampire pie), from a dark vampiric order that wants to use the powers of this deadly pie to revive the dead and enslave the world. While researching an urban legend on feral children, three friends find themselves trapped in an abandoned high school, where they are confronted with an evil more sinister than the legend itself. Voodoo Moon takes place in the mid-west United States, where a demonic figure murders the entire population of a small town, save for one young boy and his sister. Twenty years later, the boy has been consumed with trying to track the devil down and now he thinks he's found him. His sister is now an artist who has developed psychic abilities which enable her to sense disaster, visions she expresses in her art. The two siblings work together in fighting the devil, and also get the assistance of several people they have helped over the years A team of two detectives is tasked with apprehending a crazed, online psycho who tracks down and lures victims via a popular social media site. Edgar Allan Poe's macabre masterpiece of murder and madness, re-imagined as a modern day revenge thriller. Takahata Shun's day at high school begins just as boring as ever, but it doesn't end that way. He and his classmates find themselves forced to play children's games with deadly stakes. With no idea who is behind, the only thing Shun and other students can do is keep trying to win. Deep in the woods of southern Louisiana, a masked killer stalks members of a local hunting club. As blood trails begin to connect the victims, police deputy Ned Annison finds himself caught in the middle, pursued by both the killer and the town sheriff. Always one step ahead, Ned works to stop the killer and clear his name, only to find that some friendships end in blood. Love can be painful. Very painful. The intriguing-on-the-outside, twisted-and-tortured-on-the-inside Tara sets her sights on the unassuming guy-next-door Ray. Their innocent flirting turns into a regretful one night stand which he hopes to put behind him. Tara has different plans for their relationship. Chaos reigns at the natural history museum when night watchman Larry Daley accidentally stirs up an ancient curse, awakening Attila the Hun, an army of gladiators, a Tyrannosaurus rex and other exhibits. A mentally fragile man must conquer his fear of death in order to stave off a killer's advances. Three demonic sisters who resemble neo-goth voodoo dolls are accidentally conjured from the other side during a failed attempt to raise a little girl from the dead. With impeccable fashion sense and teen aged angst, the Sugar Skull Girls will stop at nothing to escape the clutches of The Pale Witch, the ruler of The Shadow world. Desperate for a break from big city life, Emma heads to her family's cabin deep in the Arkansas hills. As she settles in for some much-needed R&amp;R, she learns that something unspeakable lurks in the surrounding darkness. As the full moon rises, a bloodthirsty werewolf emerges from the shadows, slaughtering everyone in its path and revealing a sinister underworld Emma never knew existed. Thrown into a fight for her life, and her very soul, Emma will need to escape these big bad woods before it's too late. Aliens make a follow up invasion attempt on Rural Ohio after years of unsuccessful attempts. This time they're out for revenge. It's up to local hillbillies and college kids to defend the world from this alien invasion. 'Kruel' - is a horror/thriller feature length movie about a psychotic killer who masquerades as an ice cream man in order to get closer to the objects of his affection. Eight tales based on the most brutally terrifying Mexican traditions and legends, an anthology of haunting stories woven into the fabric of the Mexican culture, some told through the centuries and some new, but all equally frightening. Bogeymen, trolls, ghosts, monsters, all brought to life. Time for Aztec sacrifices. This is the Day of the Dead. How far would you go to confront the demons of your past? After twenty-something Joe plays a seemingly innocent drinking game at a party, he suffers a sudden violent blackout that awakens something sinister within. Much to his horror, they become more frequent in the coming days and bring with them visions of mind-numbing terror. As Joe questions his diminishing sanity, he is met with increasing physical pain that spawns balls of bloodstained flesh from his very body. He must trace his forgotten childhood to learn the savage truth that left him in an orphanage and why now it has returned to haunt him. The film is about Rudra (Soham), a pizza delivery boy and a ghost novel writer Anuradha (Mimi). The film starts with their love story. The lovebirds are in a live-in relationship. The film takes a turn when Rudra goes to a particular house to deliver a pizza. Strange things happen and the film turns into a horror flick. This horror thriller delves into Rudra's psychological disorder where he starts thinking whether Anuraddha exists in reality or not. Directed by Slavko Spionjak. A random group of people wake up on an Island where they are being hunted down in a sinister plot to harvest their organs. Comedy about a woman suffering from low self esteem who gets breast enhancement surgery, unaware that her surgeon worships H.P. Lovecraft's elder gods, and the surgery is part of a diabolical plot to rule the world. A sheriff must rescue an estranged family from the impending eruption of a volcano, at the same time fighting off a horde of lava-filled zombies brought to life by the cursed mountains. Camp Death III in 2D!' is a crude, corny & Canadian comedy/horror 80's slasher parody of 'Friday the 13th Part III in 3D' and is proudly presented in two dimensions. Three novellas are connected by the character of Don Julio. The old man lives alone in a hacienda which is being absorbed by the huge Mexico City. Don Julio escapes from the surrounding reality into the world of memories. Images from the past are so strong that they reawaken his old love for aunt Cecilia and young Clotilde. A group of Finnish and British people get stuck to a cabin when a creature which is a half human, half rabbit, attacks on them. The creature is Bunny the Killer Thing, and it is after anything that is resembling female genitals. After the Gerard family's haunted attraction Phobia House is shut down, they band together and rebuild for their scariest season yet. Haunted by her husband's death in WWII, Claire lives in a dark mansion, where her children begin to see supernatural visions of the undead. Is dad being conjured from the afterlife, or are the ghosts something far more sinister? A recent transplant to Bradbury Academy is finding it difficult to contain his deadly empathic powers, soon resorting to using his gift in order to exact revenge when the other guys gang up on him. Has Danny's life actually divided into two parallel existences - age 17 and 39? And if so, will he be able to regain the power of choice that was taken away from him, and choose his own path in life? While traveling in Paris, author Henry Miller and his wife, June, meet Anais Nin, and sexual sparks fly as Nin starts an affair with the openly bisexual June. When June is forced to return to the U.S., she gives Nin her blessing to sleep with her husband. Then, when June returns to France, an unexpected, and sometimes contentious, threesome forms. With his business in shambles, a mounting criminal record, and a cheating wife, today is the day that Buddy Hutchins snaps. When Chloe discovers that her new home's garden gnomes are not what they seem, she must decide between the pursuit of a desired high school life and taking up the fight against the Troggs. A couple of English tourists arrive at the island of Almanzora, off the Spanish Mediterranean coast, where they discover that there are no adults in a small fishing village, only some children who stare at them and smile mysteriously. A team of archaeologists discover an ancient mummy, unleashing a deadly curse from its eternal tomb. Vine, a disillusioned demon, is forced  into a choice to save his brethren or an innocent human girl. Identical twin sisters, Ani and Ale, are addicted to teen-soap, 'Runyon'. Although they are drifting apart, the sisters share a love for Johnny, the James Dean-esque main character of the show. As they binge-watch 'Runyon', one twin tries to navigate her first relationship while the other manifests her ultimate fantasy. A brutal serial killer is finally gunned down in the middle of carrying out one last heinous act of bloody murder. In the maniac's possession, a box of Guatemalan talismans, which mistakenly end up being sold as charm jewelry in Chloe's Collectables thrift shop. Soon those who bought the Worry Dolls begin to act strangely out of character and cause another rash of senseless slaughter. An ancient curse is consuming the city and pits a hardened detective against the clock to save his 8 year-old daughter's life. The mysterious Dr. Acula arrives at a foreboding mansion and swirls his cape through a complicated inheritance scam and murder mystery featuring vampires and a deranged family out for blood. A forest fire and rock-slide trap five bickering college friends in a small Alaskan ghost town with a horrifying history. When they seek refuge inside the torched ruins of Blackburn Asylum they must fight to survive as the angry inhabitants slaughter the friends one-by-one. Set in the Aokigahara Forest, a real-life place in Japan where people go to end their lives. Against this backdrop, a young American woman comes in search of her twin sister, who has mysteriously disappeared. Romero is at a crossroads.  News of his girlfriend's pregnancy has motivated him to make good of his life, but something strange is happening in his neighborhood.  The local water supply has been tainted causing people to suddenly manifest symptoms of rabid river blindness.  Romero recruits his friends Emmy and Peju to get to the bottom of the epidemic in a race against time for their own survival. What starts as a poignant medical documentary about Deborah Logan's descent into Alzheimer's disease and her daughter's struggles as caregiver degenerates into a maddening portrayal of dementia at its most frightening, as hair-raising events begin to plague the family and crew and an unspeakable malevolence threatens to tear the very fabric of sanity from them all. From the dark and twisted imaginations of Jay Byrne and Michael Welch comes a brand new holiday themed anthology film. Its Halloween 1989, best friends Sam and Josh are trying to enjoy what's left of their final Devil's Night before graduating high school. But trouble arises when the two pals and a group of friends take a detour on their way to a rock concert, finding an old abandoned barn and awakening the evil inside. Now it's up to Sam and Josh to find a way to protect their friends and defeat the creatures that lurk within "The Barn". A teacher struggling for inspiration travels to the most remote school in the world. It takes being so far away to understand the importance of his work... and to appreciate the value of yak dung! A group of people try to survive an attack of bloodthirsty zombies while trapped in a rural Pennsylvania farmhouse. The film tells the story of six friends whose mountain trek goes awfully wrong. They encounter bizarre incidents during their mountain trek. These incidents are recorded in a video recorder. The story is presented as they discovered video recording left behind by characters who have died or gone missing A young man in a personal tailspin flees the US to Italy, where he sparks up a romance with a woman harboring a dark, primordial secret. Janie's just trying to get well. As she recovers from a violent psychotic break, she's subjected each day to a bizarre holistic health and wellness regimen designed, and enforced, by her lifelong nanny and caretaker. But when she develops an obsession with a stranger, Janie's buried demons begin to surface. Young Youtuber David Baker is invited by Carol, a lonely woman, to investigate supernatural occurrences in her home. But it takes a turn as he slowly uncovers that things aren't what they seem. Trapped between the physical world and the afterlife, between dusk and dawn, six strangers, brought together through a series of unusual events, are an enigma to themselves and go mysteriously unnoticed by others. In their futile attempt for survival, they latch on to each other at a desolate mortuary in hopes of making it through the night. There is an astonishing twist in this INTENSE psychological thriller...more is happening at the Morgue than meets the eye. A group of teens sneak out of their high school dance to cruise around and have some unsupervised fun. When their car runs out of gas on a deserted road, they discover an old farmhouse and the cannibal killer living inside. A group of grad students have booked passage on the fishing trawler Harbinger to study the effects of global warming on a pod of Orcas in the Bering Sea. When the ship's crew dredges up a recently thawed piece of old Soviet space wreckage, things get downright deadly. It seems that the Russians experimented with tardigrades, tiny resilient animals able to withstand the extremes of space radiation. The creatures survived, but not without mutation. Now the crew is exposed to aggressively mutating organisms. And after being locked in ice for 3 decades, the creatures aren't about to give up the warmth of human companionship. It's the end of the school year for a group of high school friends. Their senior prom was to be a night of elegance, rejoicing and celebrating, but when a psychotic killer hijacks their stretch limo, he is determined to have them Dead On Arrival. The teens are tortured while being held hostage, and soon turn on each other for survival. By the end, we learn that one of the teens had been keeping a secret that played a bigger role in their demise. When a rash of demonic possessions occurs in Los Angeles, the Vatican summons an Irish Priest with mysterious powers: Ciaran the Demon Hunter. Horror anthology consisting of three episodes directed by Jorg Buttgereit, Andreas Marschall and Michal Kosakowski. The contract killer Frank Zimosa has just been hired for a ridiculously lucrative mission by the rich and powerful Jorge Mistrandia. The objective: to kill a couple of people hiding in one of his European hotels. What would look like one of the simplest jobs Frank has ever had is just about to turn into a living nightmare. He will soon realize he's nothing more than prey for Mistrandia and his army of crazy henchmen that have hiding in the hotel along with an ancient and unstoppable Horror. In their hotels you can only rent rooms....in Hell! See everything through the eyes of the Anti-Hero Frank Zimosa and boost your mind with an overdose of: nonstop violence, adrenaline, and pure fear, surrounded in a mysterious, deep and twisted story. You won't just watch it, you will experience it. Just when you thought it was safe to go back in the water again, you can't even get across the sand! BLOOD BEACH meets SPRING BREAKERS in an ace monster mash-up of smart nostalgia and up-to-the-minute visual effects. After an all-night graduation beach party, a group of hung-over students wake up under blazing sun to find their numbers somewhat depleted. An enormous alien creature has burrowed down deep and anyone foolish enough to make contact with the sand finds themselves at the mercy of a sea of flesh-eating tentacles. Will they ever be able to escape its carnivorous clutches? On a star-filled night, homeless Thomas seeks warm shelter. Still grieving his late wife, ruined and desperate, he comes across a vast house with the lights on and an inviting open front door. But the next morning, the premises will not let him leave. Destiny has brought Thomas to this place and now he must survive a very personal ordeal. For what appeared a safe haven turns out to be something far more malevolent. From Arrow in The Head blogger, writer and director John Fallon, a psychological horror show tapping into fears of the mind, body and soul. A couple's relationship is tested when uninvited guests arrive at their home, disrupting their tranquil existence. A psychologist, a psychiatrist and a prison warden open up a long-closed prison, unaware that the ghost of an electrocuted convict haunts it. Horror comedy film following vampire count Geza von Kosznom who's visiting groundbreaking neurologist Sigund Freud because he's bored of his life and frustrated of the "eternally long" relationship with his wife Elsa. Shotgun Jimmy is a nasty piece of work. Ripping off drug dealers, killing policemen, he'd decapitate his own grandmother for a sack full of loot. Schizophrenic, psychopathic, his only friend is Mary the Shotgun - his trusty, reliable pump-action. But during a violent road-rage incident, something goes horribly wrong and Jimmy finds himself chained in shackles in a dark, grimy dungeon where he ponders over a deeply buried secret past... Tomas Sorescu's been a bad man. He likes his whiskey. And brandy. Vodka, rum or gin? Hell, he'll drink petrol if it isn't nailed down. Only now he's done a rather silly thing. He's crashed his car - and killed his wife and little girl in the process. Tomas feels pretty bad about the situation. So bad, in fact, he needs another drink. But then it gets worse as a tall, powerful, gas-mask wearing figure pulls Tomas from the wreckage and introduces him to a special place... Sophie Scott is a successful career journalist in the sleepy village of Ramsbottom. Avunu, Valliddaru Ishta Paddaru! (Telugu: avunu, vaalllliddruu issttpddddaaru!, English: Yes, They Fancy Each Other!) is a 2002 Telugu film written and directed by Vamsy. It won many awards including the Andhra Pradesh State Nandi Award.[citation needed] The film's music is composed by Chakri. Bruce is a repairman tormented by a crippling sense of responsibility for his disabled wife Samantha, an ex-policewoman. Bruce's increasing hypersensitivity to the injustice suffered by his wife steers him down a dark path of vigilantism. His disintegrating mental health, paranoia and overwhelming sense of doom causes Bruce to channel his rage towards a young woman. At a vacation winter lake house, seven high school seniors are attacked by a madman out for revenge. A film containing four short horror stories. The first involves a dangerous ritual done to capture the image of ghost The second story is about a deadly ghost which returns to attack the person who killed him. The third story is about a girl who is "trapped" in this world. The last story is about a group who investigates the existence of spirits in a old house. The movie tells the story of Jocelyn, Ashm, Matt and Kelly, four characters very different from each other, that escaped into the woods after their county was hit with an unknown plague turning its residents into vicious creatures of the undead. This event forced the four characters to survive in the wilderness together in search of safety. However, in their attempt to find safe haven from this outbreak, they were followed into the woods by the creatures they were trying to escape. We follow a serial killer and his victims as they all prepare for Christmas in their own ways. This year it doesn't matter if you have been naughty or nice, Santa is coming to town no matter what, and he knows where you live. When a menacing smuggler coolly insists that best-selling author Wes Wilson take a chauffeured backseat ride with him, Wilson's charmed life explodes into a world of violence and espionage, and he learns shocking truths about two women in his life. This story is about paranormal activities happening around us in our daily life which sometimes gets noticed and at times not. One evening, a student was walking alone at his campus, she saw a girl in school uniform walking in front of her, she try to call her, the girls turned her face, and what she saw is a strange old woman's face!. Since then, all student encounter a lot of strange events that might have something to do with the campus's history. What's happening actually? Jerry crashes a vase onto Tom's head, which gets Mammy to throw Tom out. Jerry revels in his freedom, among other things turning Tom's picture into a Hitler caricature then spitting on it. But he soon tires of this, and under a flag of truce, hatches a plan with Tom. The abnormally talkative duo stage a grand chase, but whenever they're out of sight of Mammy, they fake it, pausing for patty-cake, a turkey leg, and a drum jam session. Eventually, Tom chases Jerry under a rug, then swaps in a tomato, which Mammy crushes. With Jerry apparently vanquished, Tom is rewarded with a pie, but when Jerry tries to claim his share, Tom shuts him out. A pregnant teen is murdered and a popular high-school senior is suspected. But will his girlfriend stick by him to prove his innocence despite the fact she has bonded with the victim's mother? A husband-and-wife detective team takes on the search for a missing inventor and almost get killed for their efforts. Vampire housemates try to cope with the complexities of modern life and show a newly turned hipster some of the perks of being undead. Spain, 1950s. Montse's agoraphobia keeps her locked in a sinister apartment in Madrid and her only link to reality is the little sister she lost her youth raising. But one day, a reckless young neighbor, Carlos, falls down the stairwell and drags himself to their door. Someone has entered the shrew's nest... perhaps he'll never leave. Inspired by a real serial killer: A disgraced detective on the trail of a serial killer and a group of student filmmakers cross paths at a Halloween fright farm in the dead of winter. A group of amateur ghost hunters go missing as they journey into the bowels of an abandon Insane Asylum in a search for evidence of the 'Lady in White' said to haunt the grounds. The only evidence of their quest of no return are video cards discovered by workman as they demolish what's left of the vacant structures. Some of the footage was salvageable and reveals the missing ghost hunters fate as they traverse into the unknowns of the Asylum The close-knit community of Brackenmore is harboring a secret. After the untimely death of an uncle she never knew she had, Kate (Sophie Hopkins) is forced to return to her ancestral home, a tiny rural village in the South of Ireland. Soon after her arrival she meets Tom (D.J. McGrath), a mysterious young local who helps her to rediscover her long-neglected roots and forget about the anxieties of her life in London. The longer Kate stays in Brackenmore, the more she begins to realize that the eccentricities of its self-protective residents, may be more ominous than she first thought and the secluded family estate is harboring a dark and ancient secret.  From the opening scenes of a fateful car crash to the shocking ending Brackenmore weaves its ways under your skin shifting between classic horror to the mysteries of the occult. Cinematographer Justin McCarthy keeps a steady hand as he captures the silent fear that begins to grow as Hopkins uncovers the dark horror that is Brackenmore. On his 18th birthday, Johnny finds out that he's come into an inheritance - and his family were a lot stranger than he ever knew... Being able to see in the dark is a bless, but in Beijing, it's a curse.... 3 horror shorts from Malaysia  I Miss You Two: School life is one of the most interesting moments in a lifetime. Some people, some things, will forever be carved in one's memory.  Floating Sun: The novelist, Fiona Lim, is writing a true story of a teenage girl who drowned in a river many years ago.  Horror Mission: A local film crew is shooting a horror film in the suburb when the actress playing the ghost is suddenly possessed by a spirit. A young backpacker is lured through the third world paradise of Thailand searching for her kidnapped best friend and unknowingly she becomes the object of a sociopath's obsession. Seven friends go on a remote jungle vacation where they are terrorized by a primeval spirit.... Tears of god is an upcoming atmospheric feature-length fable about possession, death, and mourning in a rural community. Five youths travel to an isolated cottage for the weekend, where they discover a pair of decrepit graves. After an amateurish seance goes wrong, strange occurrences awake an evil that will pit the group of friends against one another. A troubled young woman takes up residence in a gothic apartment building where she must confront a terrifying evil. A beautiful young woman with a horrible secret is protected by a loving family. A mystery novelist who moves in with her boyfriend, only to discover that there's a locked door she's forbidden to open... Psychiatrist Dr. Lila Colleti is divorcing her husband and is devastated when he wins custody of their two little girls, whom he gets largely because Lila's job, being a psychiatrist for the criminally insane at the local prison, is a potentially dangerous one that forces her to keep long, erratic hours. When one of Lila's patients, Ed Baikman, is released into a half-way house, he decides under the delusional influence of his psychosis to help her out by murdering her ex-husband and his girlfriend, and then threatening to tell the cops they'd planned it together when she refuses to become romantically involved with him. Though Lila's lover, police detective Macy Kobacek, stands by her loyally, Baikman does such an ingenious job of implicating Lila in the crime that even Macy begins to have his doubts about Lila's innocence Filmmakers James Franco and Travis Mathews re-imagine the lost 40 minutes from "Cruising" as a starting point to a broader exploration of sexual and creative freedom. A Manson-style cult uses a long-lost "Fab Four" song to jump-start the zombie Helter Skelter. A popular radio DJ plays the song inadvertently creating a flesh eating zombie in a walrus costume. Enter into a baroque vortex of madness when an emotionally unstable woman is shattered after tremendous heartbreak. Brian was the love of Venus' life and the thought of him having an affair with another woman begins her volatile descent into the dark side of psychosexual insanity. A group of elite female bank robbers are thrown into a Mexican stand off when they discover that someone on their team might be a snitch for the cops... The Prince of Darkness casts his undead shadow once more over the cursed village of Kleinenberg when his ashes are splashed with bat's blood and Dracula is resurrected. And two innocent victims search for a missing loved one... loved to death by Dracula's mistress. But after they discover his blood-drained corpse in Dracula's castle necropolis, the Vampire Lord's lustful vengeance begins. This story involves prom night, high school unrequited love, love triangles, and mysterious murders. the story about five teenagers who rent a house for only RM 50, despite being told that the house has been long abandoned due to mysterious circumstances. After they move in, the five begin to experience various disturbing supernatural events and one by one them become possessed. Will they ever be able to escape the house? After a meteor shower strikes Los Angeles, toxic smoke is released across the city causing people to physically change and become violent. A small group of survivors plans to vacate the city by heading to the coast. Based on true events, Patrick and his wife Karen Connor are hired by the state to exhume bodies resting under a closed down reform school known for the sadistic torture and murder of young boys in the early 1900's. During this horrific excavation they are met with unnatural forces causing them to question their sanity and will to live. Jenny, an ambitious, feisty but very successful advertising executive has her drink spiked at a fancy dress party, leading to a brutal sexual assault in the pub toilets by a mysterious figure dressed as a clown. Slowly she rebuilds her life, and as she regains confidence in herself, she returns to work after a six month absence. Brett and Curtis, two childhood best friends, reunite during Thanksgiving break of their first year out of high school for a night of pizza and reminiscing, but they soon realize their lives are on different paths and their friendship is much different because of it. Tim and his team are the rising stars of the ghost hunting game. One thing they all like better than a good haunt is a great prank. When the team arrives at a new investigation, they cannot figure if the occurrences are part of some elaborate master prank or if the house is actually haunted. Unfortunately, they don't find the answer until it is far too late. On Halloween 1997, two estranged teen skaters embark on a surreal journey through their memories, dreams and fears. Lilly has been seeing Henry for a while. Things are going great and Lilly suspects that tonight Henry will declare his love for her. But Henry Hot-Stuff has a far more unsettling confession; he's going to introduce Lilly to his 'Family'. A group of filmmakers sets out to make the first 3D found footage horror movie, but find themselves IN the first 3D found footage horror movie when the evil entity from their film escapes into their behind-the-scenes footage. In a savage land where zombies roam freely - Lieutenant Colonel Sawyer is armed with machine guns, body armor and courage. He is on a mission to give his family a burial at sea. To reach the coast, he must enter a quarantined infected zone and fight through hordes of bloodthirsty zombies. There he encounters a group of survivors including a young woman who is a target of both the male survivors and the ravenous zombies. To protect the last non-infected humans and complete his mission, Colonel Sawyer must face the Dead, the Damned and the Darkness. Darr @ The Mall is a spine chilling tale of one night and an encounter with the past. Sloan Carter is a young girl who has recently been blinded. Her father leaves for the weekend and her two best friends, returning home from University, keep her company. A protege of her father's, passing through town, also spends the night. The peaceful weekend is interrupted by a shadowy threat and the safe country getaway turns into a fight for survival. After almost drowning in a lake, Madison finds herself bound to a life of fear. Unable to describe what happened to her during the moments she was underwater, she begins to develop hydrophobia: an abnormal fear of water. Crippled by her post trauma, Madison attempts to shut out the world but her fear intensifies and she is faced with the vision of a dark figure that haunts her day and night. After watching her struggle for one year with the phobia and visions, Madison's four friends attempt an unconventional intervention in which they accidentally open a floodgate to a dark place where none of them are safe. As Madison and her friends dive deeper into the dark history of this figure that haunts them, it reaches out and begins dragging them to a horrifying place that they can never come back from. In 2012, two students, Gary and Matt, set out on their graduate thesis to prove one thing: paranormal existence is simply a figment of ones imagination.  To conduct their experiment, they sent six volunteers as subjects into a notoriously haunted house in the West Bottoms area of Kansas City and recorded their every move. They hypothesized that if subjects knew the house's history of unexplained deaths and the frequent paranormal sightings, the subjects would begin to experience "ghostly encounters."  After what started out to be a flawless experiment, things quickly started to get out of control. Two young men and a boy roam the overgrown English countryside, seeking to escape a deadly virus. The two men are forced to take a horrific decision after the boy's behaviour puts them in increasing danger - but is it too late to cheat death? 'Remission' is a brooding fable exploring the paradoxes of sexuality and survival. Through six parts we follow main characters Scott and Mike surviving the beginning of a zombie apocalypse. Young lovers Ann and Gero are travelling through Europe when their car breaks down in the Eifel mountains. Vinzent and Franz invite them to spend a carefree weekend partying in a remote holiday cabin. But after a playful 'seance' their initial bright mood soon becomes uneasy as strange occurrences start to take place with alarming regularity... Annie's (Jennifer Blanc) life is in jeopardy after she's witnessed the horrific rape and murder of her closest friend. Fleeing from two attackers (Ryan Honey, Denny Kirkwood) she stumbles across kyle (Michael Biehn), a recluse living in the middle of the woods. Kyle finds the stillness of the woods comforting. The ruggedly handsome loner stays far from civilization - that is - until a single knock on his door throws his solitary life into chaos. Two worlds collide in this psychological thriller that will make you question your trust in mankind. Five tales by Edgar Allan Poe come to life thanks to a pictorical style animation, five tales that exude madness, pestilence, murder and torture. An unsuccessful young screenwriter struggles to get her career off the ground despite her attempts to revive her horror director grandfather's one-time fame. Meanwhile, a grief stricken young police detective returns to duty after the untimely death of his wife and is faced with helping his inept partner solve a series of grisly murders that may involve the struggling screenwriter and her quest for success. Marie is one of her kind. While the other girls are after gold, diamonds and jewels, she swears by ... poverty! She does not remain the companion of a banker too long for obvious reasons. But when she can be the muse of a poor music composer it is fine by her. Unless the musician becomes too famous...! Then, she leaves him! But maybe not forever... He can fall into poverty again, can't he? Scareycrows is a comedy horror about a trainee hairdresser who discovers that her boyfriend is keeping a dark secret. Soon her world crashes around her as the quiet seaside town where she was born is overrun by homicidal scareycrows. A decade after her mother's murder, Riley Canterbury must return home, after her neglectful, carnival owner father has gone missing. She soon realizes things in this small New England town are much stranger and sinister than she remembered. Chiller 13 takes another slash at the countdown, this time involving the most iconic Horror movie Villains of all time. Includes guest appearances by Robert Englund, Kane Hodder, Jamie Lee Curtis, Tony Todd, Heather Langenkamp, Gunner Hansen, and many more. An assignment duty nurse goes in search of her live-in boyfriend, a successful photographer, to the Church run psychiatric institute, after he has a psychotic break. With the help of her lover, she receives a temporary assignment at the institute, where she learns that most of its patients aren't psychotic, they're possessed, and that the Church is exorcising as many of them as they can. A man on the cutting edge of science becomes the first to successfully clone a person, but events unravel when the news leaks out before his team could prepare for what's to come. After an unprecedented global pandemic has turned the majority of humankind into violent infected beings, Morgan, a man gifted with the ability to speak the infected's new language, leads the last survivors on a hunt for patient zero and a cure. From award-winning directors Steve Balderson and Elizabeth Spear comes this special presentation of three episodes from their never before released prime-time horror-comedy series HELL TOWN. These episodes are the painstakingly remastered episodes seven, eight and nine of Season Two. Seasons One and Three were completely destroyed in a studio fire. The executives suspected arson. A meeting with a new inmate in the psychiatric hospital flips Dr. Yehia's life upside down. She prophecies that the death of his entire family is only three days away. What happens when the undead return to life? In a world ravaged for years by a virus that turns the infected into zombie-like cannibals, a cure is at last found and the wrenching process of reintegrating the survivors back into society begins. Todd's disappearance from his birthday campout has nothing to do with a flesh-eating freak from a telltale campfire story but more to do with a virus signaling the start of the apocalypse! Kamilla, a young Danish girl leaves for Las Vegas to get married. During the ceremony she changes her mind and runs away. She is picked up by Rock, a 40 year-old loner on a motorcycle. A meeting with Rock's aunt sends them in pursuit of Rock's father. During the trip, Rock has been carrying a mysterious package, and shortly before arriving in Seattle, Kamilla discovers what the package contains... It's been 24 years since the serial killer Douglas Fisher was executed on Easter night. This year, a group partying teenagers not only raise some hell, but literally raise the dead. Fifteen years old Tirrei Davenant is a waiter at a roadside restaurant, where on the wall hangs a strange fantastic landscape. One day the millionaire's daughters accidentally visit a restaurant. This engaging documentary follows rabid Boston Red Sox fans, focusing on two of the team's most devoted supporters -- columnist Mike Barnicle and Chris Wertz, who owns a sports bar in enemy terrain: New York City. As they back the Bosox through the 2007 season, the self-proclaimed members of the Red Sox Nation discuss the thrilling 2004 World Series victory that united the city after decades without a championship. Brian Everett's younger brother Sam goes missing on the island of Tasmania during the middle of a mysterious quarantine forcing Brian to traverse across enemy lines to save his brother from an army of ghosts. A cult of revolutionaries plot to murder the president of a pharmaceutical conglomerate. A chief mechanic at a factory, haunted by apocalyptic nightmares, becomes a hero when Earth is invaded by a mysterious army bent on destruction. Derek Harper, a self-loathing teen sick of his sleeping disorder, lives in a rundown apartment while working at a late-night cafe. His one and only friend, Hay Tyler, helps him find the answers to what caused his condition. Obsessed with her sexy roommate, Jill violently imprisons Jennifer in their apartment in a twisted attempt to bring them closer together. An agoraphobic inherits her father's house in a remote part of the Florida Keys. When weird things start happening, she discovers that there's something far more terrifying trapped inside the house with her. A thriller about the power of human brain and love This overview of the horrors of 20th century war reminds us that war does not end when peace treaties are signed and the soldiers have gone home. A young women attends a mysterious Job Interview intertwines with a VHS tape of an 80s Popstar. A misogynistic masked killer prepares for the routine slaying of Anna, his 27th victim, in the comfort of his own home. As Anna struggles to break out of the role the killer has chosen for her, the dead women in the walls and floors play a last desperate card. It is 2016 and a fearful world seems to be on the brink of a nuclear catastrophe. A researcher in psychical events and his girlfriend travel to deepest Dartmoor to investigate a centuries-old building. What they unlock and discover is way more than they could have ever bargained for.  An exciting first feature from newcomer Eugene McGing, who expertly takes familiar tropes and gives them a fresh spin in this genuinely terrifying haunted house tale. New York fashion designer, Melanie Carmichael suddenly finds herself engaged to the city's most eligible bachelor. But her past holds many secrets--including Jake, the redneck husband she married in high school, who refuses to divorce her. Bound and determined to end their contentious relationship once and for all, Melanie sneaks back home to Alabama to confront her past. Three friend's video documented holidays in Stockholm of "Party, Drugs and Swedish Girls" get interrupted by a serial killer. The rumored daughter of Sarah Good, the first witch to be tried and hung during the Salem Witch trials, lives and commands the spirit world at her fingertips. Irene, as she is known, must sacrifice the lives of a small group of youths every 30 years for preserving her own youthful appearance, powers and prosperity. On this day, Irene sets the bait for Dalton, an unassuming young man looking for closure in his brother's accidental death. She promises Dalton the allure of reconnecting with his deceased sibling while suggesting he bring his friends along for the show. Sam, Dalton's closest friend, ignores the warning signs, tags along for the ride and finds herself the only person left alive after a night of gruesome events. Transfer student Mizuki is bullied mercilessly by her classmate. Nevertheless, she is always able to maintain her composure. Kirie, who is also bullied, becomes interested in Mizuki and longs for her. The two become close. Jackson and Emily aren't like the other kids. Two burgeoning sociopaths on the brink of total meltdown. Ticking time bombs seeking revenge. Who will unravel first? After the death of her mother, an estranged daughter struggles to save her brother, and those around her from a malevolent faceless spirit. Incensed by the tabloid culture which celebrates it, the L.A. Slasher publicly abducts a series of reality TV stars, while the media and general public in turn begin to question if society is better off without them. A biting, social satire about reality TV and the glorification of people who are famous for simply being famous, "L.A. Slasher" explores why it has become acceptable and even admirable for people to become influential and wealthy based on no merit or talent - purely through notoriety achieved through shameful behavior. A brilliant young psychiatrist is forced to confront the dark creature that dwells deep within her own unconscious when she investigates the supernatural disappearance of a university student. A young family find themselves in serious danger when they move to an isolated haunted house in the Yorkshire Moors. High school student Mari and her classmate Saki love to do fortune-telling "Angel Sama". Then, members who participate in the love fortune-telling "Angel Sama" have accidents. Linh, the recipient of a heart transplant, begins having nightmares and visions leading to a house in the remote countryside. She begins to believe that the previous owner of the heart, a former resident of the house, wants her to uncover the secrets of her death. Lauren (Kristen Casey) is obsessed with death. To the point of it taking over her life. Satan on one shoulder and Mason on the other, Lauren finds that normalcy is more than just a state of mind. A spin-off of the popular 'Porkchop' slasher trilogy, 'Pig Girl' follows the daughter of the pig-masked madman, ready to slay a new batch of partying teens. Martin Bristol returns to where it all began: the home where he was kidnapped from. But he is not the boy who disappeared over 10 years ago. Tortured and abused at the hands of his psychotic captor, Graham Sutter, Martin is damaged beyond repair. Lurking in the shadows of suburbia, he stalks and kills without remorse. Special Agent William Perkins follows Martin's trail of terror, desperate to capture him before he kills again. Martin's family, mourning his disappearance for over 10 years, is informed not only that he is alive, but that he is responsible for the wave of murder sweeping through their town. Will they be able to reunite with their long lost son before it's too late, or will Perkins have to use excessive force to bring him down? An action-packed horror comedy, BLOODSUCKING BASTARDS stars Fran Kranz as Evan, a dutiful and overworked employee stuck at a soul-killing corporation with his beautiful co-worker and girlfriend Amanda (Emma Fitzpatrick) and his slacker best friend Tim (Joey Kern). Evans world begins to crumble when Amanda dumps him and his boss Ted (Joel Murray) hands his coveted promotion to his nemesis Max (Pedro Pascal). When his office mates start going through disturbing changes, Evan must find a way to stop the evil brewing admist the cubicles, and rescue his workplace pals before his life and career go from dead-end... to just dead. When the leader of a biker gang is released early from prison, he vows revenge on the cop who put him there and kidnaps his girlfriend. Cops hunt down a pair of prolific serial killers in Amsterdam. When an overachieving college senior makes a wrong turn, her road trip becomes a life-changing fight for survival in rural Kentucky. Agnes is a woman who has reached her early 40s without ever venturing far from home, family or the tight-knit immigrant community in which she was raised by her widowed father. That begins to change in a quietly dramatic fashion when Agnes receives a jigsaw puzzle as a birthday gift and experiences the heady thrill of not only doing something she enjoys, but being very, very good at it. Four online friends meet for the first time inside the most haunted building in America to find proof for the existence of an afterlife. But they may have received more than they bargained for. A council case worker looks for the relatives of those found dead and alone. The story of five British soldiers trying to stay alive on the last night of the Afghan War, facing not just the Taliban, but also supernatural forces more terrifying than anything they've encountered before. The beautiful--but evil--Vampire Queen lusts after French punk-rock star Kiki of Les Fossoyeurs, and she is willing to do anything to get him--including devastating the entire planet! With dumb-luck on his side, Kiki continues to unwittingly evade her clutches in this cult classic. SHE AND SHE tells stories about 4 young people who used to be best friends but also had some unimaginable secrets. In a series of accidents,everything changed in their lives. In the name of love,they did something over the line unintentionally.Blinded by love,they made the others step into dangerous unconsciously...They were so desperate to be loved by the others,but sometimes they forgot to love themselves.Love makes the beloved breathless...Then,someone died,someone was missing,someone was in trouble.Finally,they saved each others by understandings and forgiveness.It seemed everything was back to the right way,but in fact something even darker just started... After the traumatic loss of her mother, a teenaged girl tries to uncover the dark secrets behind her new home, in spite of her father's disbelief. A skeptical, small town doctor is forced to confront his personal demons in order to save the life of a teenage girl who has become possessed in his family's old house. THE WALKING DECEASED is the Scary Movie of the zombie genre, ripping on the biggest and best of zombie pop-culture, arguably the most crazed genre in the world. The story follows a group of survivors from all walks of the apocalypse - an idiotic Sheriff with definite coma-induced brain damage, his hardass son and a hobo with only a crossbow to stave off the walking dead, four squabbling friends forced to survive this zombieland together, and a lonely zombie who just needs love to fully regain his warm body - who leave their once-safe mall hideout in search of the rumored Safe Haven Ranch, a refuge untouched by the zombie virus that has ravaged humanity. But despite the comforting name, they discover that this sanctuary may not be as welcoming as advertised. Franklin and Mike find themselves trapped in the undead-infested Cyrene City, where they must attempt to lead a group of unconventional survivors to safety. As they join forces with the likes of a pregnant woman, a moronic arms dealer, and a mentally challenged man, they will have to determine which is worse: relying on each other or succumbing to the zombie mayhem. While this uprising of zombies has overwhelmed the city, Mr. Roberts, the CEO of R2 Pharmaceuticals, has sent in a team of mercenaries known as the S.I.E.G.E into Cyrene City to recover the only known antidote for his own financial gain. Not Another Zombie Movie... About the Living Dead is a hilarious twisted tale about survival versus morality during a zombie apocalypse. Watch as these survivors discover there is no such thing as a hero when zombies are trying to eat your face off. Eddy and Stuart share two-thirds of a dormitory suite. Due to bureaucratic error, a woman named Alex is added to their room. At first, relations among the three are tense. Soon, however, Alex falls for Eddy, and Stuart lusts after Alex. The six richest people in the world each have one thing still dragging them down.. their intolerable kids. Luckily, there is a mysterious entity that is happy to help. See, he has some monsters of his own and they are just dying to test out their skills.. One house. Six kids. Seven monsters. Who will be left standing? It's time for a showdown.. it's Kids Vs Monsters! Michael and Madison Roland had planned to spend the rest of their lives together, until one day Michael's controlling ways turned their perfect marriage. With the help of her best friend, Madison decides to get away. After adopting a new identity, she meets Alex Stone and learns to love again. All is well, until Michael discovers Madison's whereabouts, and recreate the nightmare she once lived all over again. A team of reality TV paranormal investigators go to Mexico's most haunted house in the pursuit of better ratings. However, when the true dark secrets of the mansion begin to reveal themselves, the hapless team quickly discover that this house is no hoax. With zero genuine ghost-hunting experience, they have to figure out how to stop the ghosts and escape the house with their lives. A ferocious serial killer in a palace of students. One private detective from Valencia investigate to find him. When Kylie Bucknell is sentenced to home detention, she's forced to come to terms with her unsociable behaviour, her blabbering mother and a hostile spirit who seems less than happy about the new living arrangement. Once America's Jewel, Sewer City sits on the edge of her toilet seat, as all citizens tremble in fear of the Sewer City Killer. This foul, possibly eternal serial killer, has taken a liking to coming up through the sewer pipes, and murdering people as the sit on the toilet. The Citizens are fed up, and Mayor Fred Tickle-burger is feeling the backlash. He hires a homeless plumber, who goes only by the name, Bum Plum, to hunt the serial killer, and destroy him. To make sure the bum doesn't lose his nerve, he holds his hooker wife, hostage. Who will win in the epic battle between circle saw, and plunger? Group of Spanish friends on the tropical island holiday of a lifetime. Discovering a secret cave adds adventure. They enthusiastically go underground with their camera, but soon become hopelessly lost. Nail-biting tension in the tradition of recent Spanish horror films. Popeye has just finished his house when a band of termites attacks. A group of college students make a deal to have wishes granted with dire consequences. By a strange twist of fate, dutiful Hong Kong policeman Dan saves the life of the leader of a violent gang of armed robbers.  When they commit another crime, Dan is determined to put an end to their activities.  He works with the leader, whom the gang had betrayed, to engineer a plan to wreak havoc within the gang and let the gangsters kill one another.  But it becomes increasingly obvious to Dan and to his colleagues that Dan is suffering from a severe mental disorder, and Dan finds that instead of upholding the law as a righteous police officer, he has now become a fugitive wanted for murder. In 2009 three young men were killed in a remote part of Yellowstone National Park. Authorities never found the murderer. He found them! Hours after the trio were gunned down, Dwayne Nelson confessed to the crime. Despite this Nelson was allowed to go free because of an American Constitution loophole. Documentarian Julian T. Pinder travels to Yellowstone in a compelling chase for truth behind a crime that should have rocked the nation. How did a guilty man go free? In his hunt for answers Pinder risks his own life when he finds evidence that could re-open the case years later. An FBI agent teams with the town's veteran game tracker to investigate a murder that occurred on a Native American reservation. A nasty, nasty comedy. A reality TV crew is making a programme, 'Ghost TV' about the haunted buildings that are the ruins of Seacliff Lunatic Asylum. As one might expect things do not go to plan. One of the crew is not very emotionally stable and when she discovers that she has been used callously by another crew member she snaps and runs off into the night, only to return with violent intent. Based on true events  Back in Louisiana for Christmas, Noelle Collins (Mitchell) has big plans to resurrect the town's live nativity, a beloved tradition that her late mother used to put on. Things become complicated, however, when Noelle runs into her high school sweetheart, Nick Russell (Colletti), a rising baseball star also back home due to a recent injury. Still feeling the burn from their senior year break-up, their lives are pushed together even further when they learn their parents share an attraction and want to be more than just friends. When things begin to fall apart with the live nativity, Nick and Noelle reluctantly team up to pull off the show and find themselves growing close, uncovering a hometown love for each other and the joy of Christmas that both never really faded away. A man and his 9-year-old daughter disappear into the swampy Virginia backwoods. Haunted by tragedy and destitution, they must both face the painful past if they are to ever have a future. Two women find themselves in a dark dungeon tormented by distant memories of the horrific legend of Countess Elizabeth Bathory and looming feelings of sinister forces as they struggle to find an escape. A young man and his friends must survive a horrific night of hide and seek from his grandfather who begins to relive moments of his grim war days in Vietnam. After the death of their college age son, Anne and Paul Sacchetti relocate to the snowswept New England hamlet of Aylesbury, a sleepy village where all is most certainly not as it seems. When strange sounds and eerie feelings convince Anne that her son's spirit is still with them, they invite an eccentric, New Age couple to help them get to the bottom of the mystery. Christmas Eve. On his way to his in-laws with his family, Frank Harrington decides to try a shortcut, for the first time in 20 years. It turns out to be the biggest mistake of his life. A group of six friends hear of a family of five murdered in a house close to where they will be camping for the night. Deciding to return to investigate would be the worst mistake of their fun filled night. A cunning and resourceful housewife vows revenge on her husband when he begins an affair with a wealthy romance novelist. In 1972, the patients and doctors at Stephens Sanitarium were brutally murdered. Over forty years later, the only known survivor returns only to find the ghosts of the past have not been resting in peace. A bizarre and twisted punk rock comedy/horror show with the punks showing their day-to-day life of partying, fighting and dying, and the two undercover cops who are tracking them. It's Halloween day in 1989 and college student Jackie Blue wants to enjoy a quiet birthday in the midst of a chaotic semester at school. Her friend Amber has other ideas and persuades Jackie to come to the annual Halloween party on campus after her shift at the local movie theater. As the night unfolds, it becomes apparent that Jackie will get more excitement than she bargained for on her birthday this year. While urban exploring in an abandoned amusement park, three cosplaying girls accidentally unleash the vicious holiday beast known as Krampus. With the help of Santa Claus, can these girls stop Krampus from his killing spree? Five years after the murder of his wife and disappearance of his daughter, former police officer Jeremy Duffin is brought back to help in the hunt for a yuletide monster that punishes children that have been "naughty." As the monster becomes more erratic and unpredictable, Jeremy learns the truth about the disappearance of his daughter and the fate that has been bestowed upon him by an unlikely source. Can Jeremy finally end the nightmare Christmas monster that has terrorized this town for years? A strange disease is plaguing the city; classes are cancelled, businesses are closed, all is under a state of emergency. What at first seems like a normal flu quickly leads to blind rage and cannibalistic behavior. Narrowly escaping contamination, Eva and Sam, a young married couple, are forced to barricade themselves in their high-rise apartment despite the palpable tension between them. Now forced into isolation in their small living space, they struggle with their own frailty in a world that can only offer the worst horrors imaginable. A seemingly innocent man is abducted by a notorious L.A. serial killer, who forces his victims to switch roles with him so that he can enact his own capture, torture and murder. A group of cooks at an asylum for the criminally insane get locked in with the inmates during a massive thunderstorm Follows the lives of several gay youths and adults as they discover a world of the odd, the erotic and the supernatural. A stagecoach full of passengers and an enigmatic gunslinger are held hostage by two outlaws on the run from the law but events take an unexpected turn when the travelers are stalked by a mythical beast that only appears on the night of a blood red moon. Kitty Bellairs, a flirtatious young woman of 18th Century England, cuts a swath of broken hearts and romantic conquests as she visits a resort with her sister. A spoof of all the "found-footage/documentary style" films released in recent years. Your pregnant wife Linda has been captured by a ruthless scientist, who created a devastating virus. To rescue her, you have to fight through the old rotten experimental clinic, armed to the teeth, one level after another right through the dark, decayed guts of this evil complex. unfortunately you don't have much time, at dawn, the whole area will be eradicated. Spirits get miffed when their haunted home is slated to be torn down to make way for a shopping mall. Three stories adapted from the work of Edgar Allen Poe:  1) A man and his daughter are reunited, but the blame for the death of his wife hangs over them, unresolved.  2) A derelict challenges the local wine-tasting champion to a competition, but finds the man's attention to his wife worthy of more dramatic action.  3) A man dying and in great pain agrees to be hypnotized at the moment of death, with unexpected consequences. Would you believe in a policewoman who suffers from such serious panic disorders that she is afraid to get close to any crime scene and has been on permanent office duty for more than a decade? Would you believe a lone mother who is unfit to pay her mortgage and also raise her rebellious teenage daughter? Indeed, no one believes that the troubled ex-detective has discovered a serial murder case. Personal dramas and a murder mystery unfold in present-day Budapest, where demonstrations are part of the pre-election life of a city still trying to cope with the shadows of its historical and recent past. It is a city where nothing seems honest and true, except through the eyes of an emotionally unstable policewoman and her misfit daughter who wants to know who her father truly was. A college-age brother and sister get more than they bargained for on their road trip home from spring break. When the bickering siblings witness a creepy truck driver tossing body bags into a sewer near an abandoned church, they investigate. Bad move! Opening a Pandora's Box of unspeakable evil, the pair must flee for their lives -- with a monstrous "shape" in hot pursuit. The story springs from the real-world headlines of religious cults and mass suicides. With Veil, it begins 30 years ago, when members of a religious cult known as Heaven's Veil take their own lives. The truth behind what really happened remains buried deep in the memory of the sole survivor, a five-year-old girl, who returns to the compound with a documentary crew as an adult. They soon discover something that is far more terrifying than anything they could have imagined. Skylar is witness to the aftermath of a murder, but the killer doesn't come after her. Instead, he torments her by testing her will to survive. For siblings Brie, Daniel, Crew, and Jess, family has always come first. But when Crew (Daniel DiTomasso) invites his girlfriend Sara (Kate French) into the family, distrust begins to bubble between the siblings. Seeing Sara as a threat, Brie (Fiona Dourif) grows spiteful and increasingly suspicious that she is being replaced. That is, until the night Crew attempts to murder her in their family house.  Traumatized, Brie is sent to a mental facility where she is tormented by hallucinations of Crew from the night of the attack. But when the visions begin to bleed into reality, Brie starts to fear that it's not just her sanity that's in danger, and she flees the facility. In a frantic attempt to return to her remaining siblings and warn them, Brie begins to uncover a trail of gory, sinister secrets that lead her to believe that she might not know her family as well as she thought. Reyna Young wrote, directed and co-stars in this anthology horror film influenced by Creepshow and Tales from the Crypt. Kelsey Zukowski and Connie Jo Sechrist also star in this collection of spooky tales about ghosts, serial killers and more. Eight high school teenagers go to the woods to have a party before graduation. They have one hell of a great time until one of their own is found dead the next morning. Tempers flare and fingers are pointed as no one is sure who to blame. It quickly escalates into a race for their lives as danger is everywhere in the woods within. Documentary that delves deep into the life and storied exploits of the iconic Death Row Records co-founder Suge Knight, as well as the volatile and highly influential era in gangsta rap he presided over. Through a series of interviewers face to face with director Antoine Fuqua, Knight reveals exactly how it all happened and why it all fell apart. Knight is currently in jail pending trial on murder, attempted-murder and hit-and-run charges. A family intervention goes horrifically awry within the snowy confines of an isolated lake house. A methodical killer is systematically slaughtering a group of women who are connected and bound by the same dark secret. Jason Greenwood moves into a new apartment to start his life over again after the events of the last six years of paranormal activity, only to discover a new threat. A group of entitled Beverly Hills oceanography students arrive at a mansion in Malibu, to study the local ocean waters. However, someone... or something, has other, more murderous intent, as the Students begin to disappear, one by one, murdered by some flesh-shredding entity, leaving wounds similar in nature to a shark attack.  But how is that possible, when the nearest ocean is a half-mile away? A prisoner in her own home, a captive in her own body. Assaulted and trapped with no one to hear her cries for help... and knowing no one will believe her if they do. This is the terrifying reality Alaina finds herself in when she moves in to the house her mother died in. At first she thinks it's the loss of her mother that is haunting her, but she is soon shown it is something far more malicious and unrelenting. The spirit taunts her as it invades her body, mind, and soul, completely trapping her. Alaina has to fight for answers on what really happened to her mother if she has any hopes of survival. She must find a way to endure this monster who lives and breathes to rob her of her sanity as it demands a savage hold on her. Karen, a single mother, gifts her son Andy a Buddi doll for his birthday, unaware of its more sinister nature. A contemporary re-imagining of the 1988 horror classic. Amidst the vast sugar plantations of Negros in Southern Philippines, a matriarch lies in the throes of death. Her children rush home to confront the crisis as news of the impending death of their well-loved mother spreads among the community. There, in their ancestral house, the siblings are forced to deal with the issues of inheritance, tradition and the family legacy. It is a familiar tale. After all, every family has its story. And to each one, its own deserved secrets. A family of four is quarantined in their home as a virulent strand of the flu spreads into town and they are forced to the extreme to escape alive. Jane Marple solves the mystery when a local woman is poisoned and a visiting movie star seems to have been the intended victim. A man returns to the childhood town where his brother was abducted 20 years earlier. When a Brazilian woman is falsely accused of killing a prominent Mexican politician, Marco, a young journalist, is hired by a stranger to discover the real motive of the crime. He is assisted by his photographer girlfriend Maria, and they are trapped in a web of torture, prostitution, corruption and power struggle. In the small town of Ottawa, Illinois, where a rumor can spread like the plague and nobody's business is their own, six friends decide to change their weekly routine of watching movies in the basement and talking shit, to go out for a night on the town. On most nights this wouldn't be that taxing. But tonight isn't most nights. With rumors of the police commissioner's alleged disappearance circulating, and the mayor enacting a strict curfew, it doesn't take long for things to spiral out of control and the whole town to go mad. Is it just hysteria? Is it a curse? Is it Abraham Lincoln's fault? Nobody knows. But for the gang, only one thing is certain. They should have NEVER left the basement. A group of friends move into a vacation home with a sinister past in Fall River, Massachusetts. Suspicious of the home's owner, Taryn feels a strong connection to the house and finds herself at the center of one of the most deadly poltergeists in American history. Five female filmmakers en route to screen their new horror film in Los Angeles, experience their own real life terror when they cross paths with deranged scientist hellbent on using them for his twisted experiments. Patrick McCord doesn't accept the explanation of his sister's mysterious death as suicide, and instead teams up with a team of paranormal investigators to delve deeper into the inexplicable circumstances that surround what he believes to be murder. The team's investigation leads them from one bizarre and frightening clue to another, at the center of which seems to exist something evil and terrifying, a presence well beyond their wildest imaginations and experiences. Before long, they realize this deadly entity has now targeted each of them, and they are confronted with the impossible challenge of defeating it and saving their own lives. In the end, what survives, and is presented here, is the disturbing footage that Patrick and his team shot, footage that if seen by others, likely endangers the viewer, marking them as the next victim of this powerful and evil force. Be careful what you chase - you just might end up catching it. A newlywed couple burdened with economic hardship decides not to exchange Christmas presents to save money over the holidays. Secretly, they make sacrifices to buy the other a special gift. Global climate change prompts a scientific corporation to genetically modify Alaskan polar bears with horrific and deadly results. Tells about an office worker who has to overtime until the middle of a night because of deadlines. because all the employees had returned home he had to work alone to hold sleepiness until finally he found the incident of an odd incident that night. Sweethearts Brad and Janet, stuck with a flat tire during a storm, discover the eerie mansion of Dr. Frank-N-Furter, a transvestite scientist. As their innocence is lost, Brad and Janet meet a houseful of wild characters, including a rocking biker and a creepy butler. Through elaborate dances and rock songs, Frank-N-Furter unveils his latest creation: a muscular man named 'Rocky'. Mahal is a part of an elite squad of skilled hunters responsible for keeping the world safe from vampires and other creatures of the night. Her mission to rid the world of this undead threat becomes compromised when her fate intertwines with an aswang (a self-segmenting vampire of Philippine folklore) forcing her to choose sides in an age old war. Pin-up vixens vs. bloodthirsty zombies, set in post-apocalyptic Hollywood. The lives of a group of teenagers are turned upside down when their town is taken over by sinister forces. A beautiful woman and her boyfriend are trying to escape from sadistic serial killers. James Bond must investigate a mysterious murder case of a British agent in New Orleans. Soon he finds himself up against a gangster boss named Mr. Big. It's the Christmas night in a small country in the South of Italy. Relatives are coming for party and the young boy is shooting everything by his Iphone to post amusing videos on Internet. But the Iphone starts filming strange things and the Christmas party becomes a zombie night. The story about a group of youths who can't face the thought of growing up because anyone who does becomes a rampaging zombie. Horror junkie Joe Foster gets to live out his ultimate scary movie fantasy courtesy of Fear Inc., a company that specializes in giving you the fright of your life. But as lines blur between what is and is not part of the game, Joe's dream come true begins to look more like a nightmare. The lone survivor of a serial killer's attack tries to cope with the death of her friends and her mutilation at the hands of the maniac - but she fears the trauma has awakened a dark side within her as she slowly becomes something possibly even worse than the man who scarred her forever. Dead Girls is a horror anthology featuring three stories of terror connected through the pages of dead girls' diaries, which chronicle each girl's act of vengeance against the people who have wronged or abused them. It's the end of the century at a corner of the city in a building riddled with crime - Everyone in the building has turned into zombies. After Jenny's boyfriend is killed in a zombie attack, she faces the challenge of surviving in the face of adversity. In order to stay alive, she struggles with Andy to flee danger. A violent breakup leaves one man dead and a group of friends dispatched into the desert to dispose of the evidence. Friendships are tested as the group push the boundaries of what can be done in the name of being there for a friend. Neighbors in a block wake one morning to find they have been sealed inside their apartments. Can they work together to find out why? Or will they destroy each other in their fight to escape? A young woman's supernatural ability to see ghosts is reawakened following the death of her mother. As she adjusts to her new, deathly surroundings, she and her loved ones become the target of some ill-meaning individuals. A fledgling serial killer falls in love with a suicidal girl who, unbeknown to him, is only hanging around because she wants him to bump her off. A group of backpackers diving in a ruined underwater city discover that they have stumbled into the territory of the ocean's deadliest shark species. In the wastelands of post-apocalyptic England, two young brothers turn to cannibalism to survive, only to fall for their prey, a teenage girl... and possibly the last female left alive. Six members of a media company go on a weekend business retreat at an isolated lodge in the woods. When one of the members goes missing, they discover that the lodge was formerly a private mental institution that had been shut down after allegations of devious misconduct. One by one, they fall victim to the dark secrets buried at the lodge. When a Priest and a Vatican investigator take a possessed housewife to a convent to perform an Exorcism, all hell breaks loose.... In 1993, Alabama based amateur filmmaker Warren Werner shot his first feature film, Pumpkin, on VHS. With a budget of only $600, a cast of friends, family, and unknown talent, the movie premiered at the local civic center and generated an immediate backlash from the community. Rumors that Warren and his girlfriend Samantha Dixon engaged in Satanic rituals began to spread throughout town. In the months following the premiere, Warren and Samantha committed suicide. The following year, another group of filmmakers began shooting a documentary about the deaths of Warren and Samantha. The documentary project was never completed, and Pumpkin was never released. The Nobodies is Warren Werner's Pumpkin, in it's entirety, cut together with the remaining documentary footage of the director's life and death. A spy satellite has malfunctioned and is going to crash into the Earth. The US government bring on line a power laser. When the laser strikes the satellite, it causes a rip and time and sends Monroe High school 200 years into the future, including teachers, students and an escaping criminal. The students find themselves in a barren world, where they are set upon by the escaped criminal and a fierce monster. After finding an old storage locker filled with his family's history, James Erikson begins a journey to discover the truth behind a mysterious piece of land in the small town of Solitude.  The terrifying story of a brother and sister who are sent to their grandparents' remote Pennsylvania farm for a weeklong trip. Once the children discover that the elderly couple is involved in something deeply disturbing, they see their chances of getting back home are growing smaller every day. Lewis Cutterman is a well respected brain surgeon and happily married with two beautiful children who run the family business. They are model citizens within the community. A simple visit to their home by a solicitor is greeted by an invitation to dinner; except dinner takes a macabre turn when the solicitor finds himself drugged by the family. Waking up, the solicitor soon discovers they will be slowly eaten piece by piece and that the kid's family business is to farm out their internal organs to needy patients. Spirit Lake is unusually deep. No diver has ever managed to find the bottom. When Dr. Amelia Brooks disappears during a deep-water dive, her three daughters travel home. They find themselves unable to let go and become drawn into the mysteries of the lake. A Lynchian headscratcher that turns western tropes on their ear, Tombville  follows a young man who wakes up on the outskirts of the titular town, a town populated with a variety of bizarre inhabitants which he simply cannot leave. Steve, a young professional snowboarder, ruins a high-paying photo shoot by playing a silly prank. He, his girlfriend Branka and fellow snowboarder Joschi are left behind on the mountain. They seek shelter in an apres-ski tavern that is hosting an all-night party. Things go from bad to worse when a scientific experiment unleashes an epidemic of zombies and mutant wildlife. This is mostly lost on the local drunkards, as they are not always easy to distinguish from zombies themselves. But Steve, Branka and Joschi have to find a way to survive this hellish night. A woman discovers that she is sharing her new home with a ghost that become increasingly belligerent. Gwen, a musician with a growing paranoia disorder, returns to her hometown after a traumatic event. Diverting their emotional issues with a strange and unholy discovery, she and her friends begin to deteriorate the fabric of the universe. There is an urban legend about a ghost called "Sukima Onna". A young woman did not believe in the validity of the urban legend, until she discovered a mysterious woman in her apartment. Could this young woman be the ghost? Three wickedly sexy tales in this terrifying anthology that are sure to make your blood curdle while fulfilling your deepest fantasies.  In Sweet Mirror: A timid girl finds an escape from her sexual repression in a mysterious old mirror. Her new confidence allows her to confront her inner demons.  In Terror the Bear: An evil teddy bear plots the demise of a group of self-absorbed students.  In Hidden Camera: Steve's secret recordings are found by his girlfriend Lyndsey and her plan for revenge is death.  Horrifying, deadly and dangerous consequences abound behind this Vault of Victims. An elementary school teacher named Yui visits the home of a boy named Toshio Saeki who's been absent from school for a long period of time. When she arrives, she re-lives the horrifying events that occurred in the Saeki household 10 years earlier.  Four high school students embark on a terrifying journey through ShadowView Manor 2 years after a horrifying seance gone wrong. Intern Raven, decides to reconnect with her elementary school friends Kota, William, and Jessica by bringing them to her new workplace, ShadowView Manor for a bit of paranormal investigating. Hearing more forbidden secrets from the night janitor sends them into a dark descending spiral of terror. The Shoot (Gun Shooting In The Country) is a short documentary by Alex Gilbert. This short documentary stars Addison Meynell. Segments from this short film were put onto the Almost Big movie which was released in July 2010. Two feuding brothers (one a policeman, the other a martial arts expert) of different political views, join forces to avenge the death of their father, a retired agent, killed by the mafia. "An idyllic summer day turns into a living nightmare ...  With school finally over, college graduate Natalie Wilner returns to her hometown to celebrate the Fourth of July weekend. But beneath the flags and fireworks lurks a dark, malevolent figure. After a night of drunken parties, she stumbles home and drifts off to sleep, only to be woken moments later by a loud knock on the door.  Experience one night of terror, through Natalie's eyes as she fights to escape a relentless, knife-wielding maniac ..." A tragic tale of a shipwrecked and injured fisherman as he searches for signs of life on the island where he was stranded leading to a dark secret. Inside the very first girls' school in a small Afghan village, education goes far beyond the classroom as the students discover the differences between the lives they were born into and the lives they dream of leading. Conviced that the aliens have taken over the Earth, Andres locks his family under the basement. This dark comedy explores the tale of a couple's sexual experiment gone exceptionally wrong. After an embarrassing afternoon, Nick (Jordan Cox) races home to gather the rest of his belongings. He frantically tries to grab everything he can before his girlfriend, Tiffany (Giana Alexis Cambria) now probably retitled "ex" finds him, but he's too late. Catching him off guard, she confesses that the obstacles in their relationship are actually her fault. As forgiveness, and to his surprise, she even offers him his secret fantasy; a threesome with his mistress. But none of this would have transpired if Tiffany had never befriended Angelica (Morgan Filteau) at a restaurant that the couple usually frequented. During a conversation, the two girls find common ground regarding their significant others and realize they're both dating the same guy. The two ladies thus devise a ploy to expose Nick's obscenity with a website dedicated to him. All they need are a few embarrassing pictures, but ... An anthology comprised of short films set in 5 U.S. states Caesar and his half brother Otto take on duties as Santa and his elf. However, the bodies begin to pile up when a fellow store Santa (CKY's Deron Miller) develops a vendetta against them, and he soon turns Caesar's list of Dinner guests into a list of Xmas-inspired victims! Features cult movie icons Linnea Quigley, Brinke Stevens, Lloyd Kaufman, Joe Estevez, Felissa Rose and Robert Z'dar. Heidi is orphaned and her uncaring maternal Aunt Dete takes her to the mountains to live with her reclusive, grumpy paternal grandfather, Adolph Kramer. Heidi brings her grandfather back into mountain society through her sweet ways and sheer love. When Dete later returns and steals Heidi away to become the companion of a rich man's wheelchair-bound daughter, the grandfather is heartsick to discover his little girl missing and immediately sets out to get her back. Follow Mark Torgl star of 1984's The Toxic Avenger who played "Melvin The Mopboy" and transforms into Toxie, as he attends the Monster Convention circuit for the first time. Discover the convention world through Torgl's eyes, and learn a deep dark secret that has kept Torgl in hiding for 30 years. Doctor Kruger dreams to insert "the suicide in modernity". He offers to his patients the service of a private clinic where one can die in all peace, champagne glass to the hand. But in the private clinic of "ideal death", nothing occurs as envisaged. Vampire Sunrise is a docudrama thriller set on the dark side of Hollywood, California. It follows two undercover police detectives as they track down a cult of killer vampires. Or not? Vampire Sunrise is the PG version of the Scott Shaw Zen Film Cult Film Classic, Vampire Abstracta. Removed is the nudity that some viewers may find offensive. Replacing it are unused scenes seen in no other version of the film. After serving fifteen years for murder, Callahan returns home to find Sean, his victim's father, searching for the body. With no memory of the murder, Callahan soon realises that the only way to get rid of Sean is to help him dig. As host of his own hit TV series, 'MAN VS', Doug Woods is forced to fend for himself for five days in remote locations with no crew, food, or water, only the cameras he carries on his back to film his experiences. Doug's in the remote woods for a routine episode, until he's awoken by an earth-shaking crash. Things get weirder as it becomes clear Doug isn't alone. Someone or something is watching him. A thriller based on two real incidents: the 2003 Tuen Mun Road traffic accident that claimed 21 lives and the 2013 Yau Oi Estate suicide, where the female victim dressed in red leapt to her death on the day of the Chinese Ghost Festival. When several young hunters arrive at a secluded lodge in the Pacific Northwest little do they know that they will become the hunted. When Angela refuses to leave her planned-parenthood clinic after it is shut down by the state, a family of fanatical evangelists vow to make her pay. One by one a group of workers are stalked and killed by a mysterious masked figure during a 12 hour night shift in a factory facing closure. The Dark Below is an experimental thriller set on Michigan's Great Lakes. A dark comedy horror anthology that showcases three different types of horror genres: home invasion, slasher, and the main course, zombies. A group of three survivors must make their way through the dinosaur apocalypse to a military base, the last safe place on earth. Once there, they come across a plot that's more terrifying than the dinosaurs themselves. a film by Dyzal M. Damun. A black comedy version of the classic tale. In the grip of grief following the death of his young son, his marriage on the rocks and nearing bankruptcy, Parker reluctantly returns to work as a private investigator. Embarking on an unusual assignment to observe a woman from an abandoned apartment, Parker witnesses bizarre happenings surrounding her, unaware that the derelict building that he surveys her from has birthed a dark presence which slowly threatens to consume him. This film, shot in pixilation (a kind of stop-motion animation with actors), is about two neighbours who come to barbaric blows over a flower that straddles the property line. Abby and Rebecca Powell haven't seen each other since a traumatic event in their youth ripped them apart. Reunited for the first time in over a decade, the sisters take a trip to spread their mother's ashes at a secluded lake. As the sisters reconnect and try to heal old wounds, something waits in the nearby woods. A strange object, made not by the hands of man, beckons them to it. As they begin to try and unlock its secrets, Abby is plagued by nightmares of an alien presence that seem all too real. Little do the sisters realize that this object is actually a device, one with a purpose too horrible to comprehend. As the events of the past and the present begin to merge, new discoveries will threaten to tear apart their newly reformed family, and the inhuman creators of the device will attempt to finish a terrible experiment begun years before. Ever since she was a little girl, Iris has wanted to be a filmmaker. For the last five years though, she's been trapped working in reality television, directing episodes for a series that's barely able to compete with Ghost Hunters. Iris sees her big chance to prove herself when gets sent on assignment to her hometown of Black Falls, a small town harboring an abandoned insane asylum that has a dark history of excessive shock therapy. Filming inside the asylum brings back childhood memories for Iris, memories of sneaking into the asylum with her friends to shoot homemade horror movies. Little does Iris know, her life is about to imitate her art. Detective Philip Lovecraft lives in Los Angeles in the 1950s when an ambitious Senator is holding hearings, on Magic. Magic is the new influence in Tinsel Town. Lovecraft is unique in that he is the only one who refuses to use magic in his work. Shortly after he is hired, he finds his client, Kim Hudson, accused of the murder of her husband, a film executive. Philip uses the talents of a local witch, Kropotkin, to explain what is happening only to see her accused of the murder and sentenced to be burnt at the stake. Reminiscent of Roger Rabbit, without the toons. A young woman wakes up in a room she assumes is a police interrogation room. A detective tells her she is the only survivor of a mass killing that evening. As the Detective has the woman recount the night and the killings, other memories are dredged up making her interrogation a true nightmare.  Winner of the 2005 Maui Film Festival's Best Short Film Documentary, this eye-popping video captures big-wave surfing at its most insane. Made by the folks who brought you Step in Liquid and Riding Giants, the film features tow-in trailblazers Laird Hamilton, Dave Kalama, Darrick Doerner and others taking on Peahi, Maui's enormous swells during the winters of '04 and '05. Fueling the action is a hot soundtrack courtesy of Pearl Jam, U2 and Beck. New York detective Ichabod Crane is sent to Sleepy Hollow to investigate a series of mysterious deaths in which the victims are found beheaded. But the locals believe the culprit to be none other than the ghost of the legendary Headless Horseman. John Faust, a guilt driven detective, is offered a pact by the demon of vengeance. John Faust's lover is trapped in Hell. If he kills three serial killers using their own signature styles, he will be granted access to Hell to set her free. One man has a plan for a zombie outbreak, when one occurs it will take all his will to stick to it and all of his courage to change it. Francis Barnard goes to Spain, when he hears his sister Elizabeth has died. Her husband Nicholas Medina, the son of the most brutal torturer of the Spanish Inquisition, tells him she has died of a blood disease, but Francis finds this hard to believe. After some investigating he finds out that it was extreme fear that was fatal to his sister and that she may have been buried alive! The contestants of a reality show are trapped on its set with a diabolical doll and the vampiric host. A disillusioned musician's romantic spark is ignited by a young trans man as they work together to save his community nightclub for the deaf. Through a series of misunderstandings, Alvin, Simon and Theodore come to believe that Dave is going to propose to his new girlfriend in New York City - and dump them. They have three days to get to him and stop the proposal. November 2nd, marks the Day of the Dead; a ghastly date on which cursed spirits rise from the grave to torment the the living. Witness here three shocking tales of violent debauchery. First, discover how far 'loving the dead' can really go, then observe the sinful rites of the ouija board and finally shriek in fright at the bloodthirsty rage of a beautiful killer. A group of Kuchi children are living in a minefield around Bagram airfield, Afghanistan. They dig out anti-personal mines in order to sell the explosives to child workers mining in a Lappis Lazulli mine. The trajectory of the blue precious stones goes towards Tajikistan and China, through an area controlled by child soldiers. When they are not waging their own mini-wars in the daily madness of life in Afghanistan, the children are fleeing away in their personal fantasies and dreams, while the American soldiers are planning their retreat... After a one night stand Deb wakes up in the middle of a zombie apocalypse. Following the deaths of the actors of a film, terrible events occur when the production company decide to release the film and earn lots of money. When a single mother and her two young children are tormented by an increasingly strange and intense presence in their quiet suburban home, she turns to her scientist boyfriend to take on the violent forces that paranormal experts are too frightened to face. When mechanic Jeff Obold meets the wealthy and mysterious Bruno Rubin, he is exposed for the first time to the finer things in life. But Jeff soon discovers the source of Rubin's power: a caged creature called a "Darkling," which possesses the power to create incredible wealth for the person who will pledge unending "companionship." After her brother mysteriously vanishes from the Mexican desert, a young woman sets out to uncover the otherworldly truth about his disappearance.  Ex-soldier storms supermarket and takes all cashiers captive because one of them insulted his grandmother. When Jay and Annie first got together, their romantic connection was intense - but ten years and two kids later, the flame of their love needs a spark.  To kick things up a notch, they decide - why not? - to make a video of themselves trying out every position in The Joy of Sex in one marathon three-hour session.  It seems like a great idea - until they discover that their most private video is no longer private.  With their reputations on the line, they know they're just one click away from being laid bare to the world... but as their race to reclaim their video leads to a night they'll never forget, they'll find that their video will expose even more than they bargained for. Tom Holland's Twisted Tales, originally a web series, are nine short films written and directed by Tom Holland. If you like your comedy served up raw, tasty and wicked-funny, D.L. Hughley is your kind of stand-up guy. One of the most popular comedians of film, TV and radio unleashes a hilarious display of stand-up comedy genius in this uncut Showtime special taped before a wildly enthusiastic live New Jersey audience. It's comedy that'll re-boot your entire sense of humor: D.L. HUGHLEY: RESET! When a sorority girl falls in love with a zombie, it's only a matter of time before a zombie apocalypse is unleashed on campus. The sorority girl discovers that weed is the cure. Now, she must smoke out the whole school before it's too late. A group of moms celebrating ladys night are forced to fight for their lives when  their quiet town is overrun by a ravenous horde of flesh eating corpses. Will  they be able to meet up with their husbands, save their children who are away at  summer camp and make it home in time for dinner? Watch Milfs Vs. Zombies and  find out! Based on Shungicu Uchida's manga of the same name, which features themes of occultism and multiple personalities. An evening of drunken prank calls becomes a nightmare for a pair of teenagers when a mysterious stranger turns their own game against them. After being diagnosed with Dementia, an elderly war veteran is forced by his estranged family to hire a live-in nurse, only to find she harbors a sinister secret. A thriller centered on a widower who moves into a seemingly perfect new home with his daughter and new wife. Emily Delahunty is an eccentric British romance novelist who lives in Umbria in central Italy. One day while travelling, the train she is on is bombed by terrorists. After she wakes up in a hospital, she invites three of the other survivors of the disaster to stay at her Italian villa for recuperation. Of these are The General, a retired British Army veteran, Werner, a young German man, and Aimee, a young American girl who has now become mute after her parents were both killed in the explosion. An estranged father, Eamonn, and his son, Sean, meet up after 15 years at a cafe in London to heal old wounds. Four Square Steve is a roaming cowboy who saves Milly from the rude advances of a dyed-in-the-wool villain. She gets Steve a job on her father's ranch. The bad man returns and kidnaps Milly to a deserted shack where he tries to force her into marrying him. Steve has found the note she left and he is rides to the rescue. After a troubled childhood, Ashley searches for a connection, and unknowingly invites in a demonic force, which leaves her loved ones fighting for her soul. Jack Conrad is awaiting the death penalty in a corrupt Central American prison. He is "purchased" by a wealthy television producer and taken to a desolate island where he must fight to the death against nine other condemned killers from all corners of the world, with freedom going to the sole survivor. A crew of scientists arrives on a far, cold planet to examine archaic artifacts of unknown origin. They discover that their German enemies already have a ship there. When they seek their help after a failed landing, they only find the Germans' bodies, obviously slaughtered by one of the archaic creatures, awoken to new life. Now the alien is after them. A group of friends are going on a camping trip to celebrate graduating college. But once they enter the woods, the proverbial shit starts to hit the fan. Jacob, Tony, and Brandon are on a night drive through the wooded outskirts of an unknown city. While his friends sleep, Jacob remembers where he's seen the upcoming overpass, the man standing on the other side of it, and the abandoned parking garage sitting above the road. A new girl in a quiet town, Tess tries to manage her psychosis while adjusting to her new life with her mom. After stumbling upon the shrine of Lucy, a hit and run victim, Tess finds herself overwhelmed by hallucinations of the dead girl and starts to question her sanity again.  When the spirit possesses Tess's mind and soul, mother and daughter are at a loss for where to turn next for salvation: religion or medicine?  Both institutions have failed them to date but faith leads them to the house of Sarah, Lucy's mother, who has been despondent since the accident.  All together with time working against them, Sarah is desperate to believe that Lucy is still alive in Tess but neither parent wants to give up on their daughter.  Now that she understands what is happening to her, ultimately Tess must decide whether she wants to keep fighting or succumb to her affliction. As a child, Donald was tormented by his mother who used fire as a punishment. Now a deranged adult, Donald stalks women at clubs, then takes them home where he kills them with a flamethrower. Virginia is proud that she belongs to a clique. The best students at a private school. But before her 18th birthday, a grueling set of murders take place and her friends are the ones who are falling prey. Could it be her? She suffers from blackouts due to a freak accident one year earlier. We soon learn the truth behind her accident and what is going on... A mother desperate to reconnect with her troubled daughter becomes embroiled in the urban legend of a demonic witch. Zombies are back in this highly anticipated sequel to 2015's popular Zombieworld. In the wake of a terrible virus that claimed most of the human population, zombies have risen. As the undead take control of Earth and grow in numbers, the remaining survivors struggle to save themselves and their planet from total annihilation in this unique horror anthology produced by the twisted mind of DreadCentral's Steve Barton and Miguel Rodriguez. Welcome to Zombieworld! Las Pollas del Metal (The Metal Dicks), a heavy metal band, are on tour to promote their first album. On the road to Galicia, their van suffers a flat tyre and they have to stay overnight at the "Gutierrez's town", a small village located nowhere. Next day, the town is throwing a festival where its inhabitants celebrate the patron saint's day. The Mayor invites the artists to join the celebration and they accept, without knowing a brutal danger awaits them. Lousy lover and egocentric Eric Sparrow is dumped by his girlfriend after rejecting her marital proposal. After a few failed dates his luck turns when a chance encounter with a vampire turns him into a sex god. Martin is a screenwriter, who finds himself in one of his own plays: A young woman is found dead in the Thames and no one really knows, what has happened to her. Joe Alien fulfills a dream of coming to Earth to find that it's overrun by zombies. Finding an ally in young Parker, he attempts to save the world! A celebrity-obsessed teen seeking fame and fortune via viral videos finds a Satanic documentary that leads him to a world of pure evil. A newsreel spoof with WWII homefront gags, including rationing, air raid drills and women filling in men's jobs. Brothers Mike and Jody join family friend Reggie to battle the Tall Man and his evil minions from another dimension, for the final time. An independent, shot on video horror anthology featuring three stories that aim to shock and terrify: Satan's Necklace, Sliced in Coldblood, and Level 21. Aswang follows a group of people whose lives have been caught up in these events: a journalist who tries to make a stand against lawlessness, a coroner, a missionary brother who comforts bereaved family members, and a street kid with parents in prison and friends in the cemetery. The film is a shocking account of unprecedented violence and the moral bankruptcy of a regime that still enjoys support from voters. Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon is recruited by the Vatican to investigate the apparent return of the Illuminati - a secret, underground organization - after four cardinals are kidnapped on the night of the papal conclave. The deadly adventures of Bunnyman continue in the third and final film in the Bunnyman franchise. Arkham Sanitarium was vacant for years after a sex and death cult was arrested for committing heinous acts on patients. Today paranormal investigators are trapped and battling malevolent forces as they grapple with these creatures. After moving to Los Angeles to start anew, Adam, an out of the closet single father of a yeti baby, is dragged into the underground sex trade when his child is kidnapped; Now with the help of his two new friends, a heroin-addicted yeti prostitute and a sexy stripper, they must fight the forces of evil to save the world. College student Ali Hooper and her little brother are attacked by a masked maniac, and the key to them surviving the night lies in unlocking a secret from the killer's past. FBI agent Griff Krenshaw is dispatched to solve a murder at a federal correctional facility for inmates with a rare genetic defect that leads to psychosis and violence. Once there, Griff becomes convinced that the facility is plagued by a much darker force. A comedic blend of murder, mystery and marijuana. Trying to escape the infamy of a serial killer father, Trent Modine and his goof-ball stepbrother Joey, both seeking a new start, find refuge in the small town of Mooseheart. Heather and her friends have some devilish fun on the social website, ConnectMeNet. However, their amusement has come at the expense of a lonely and medicated half-wit, Jerry Tobin. After goading him into humiliating himself on camera in various cruel acts of depravity, they post the clips online for the world to see in a video titled "Revenge on a Creeper". This ruins Jerry's meager life and he disappears without a trace... Fast forward a year, and the tables are now turned when Jerry reemerges, off the antipsychotic medication that clouded his thoughts and kept his demons at bay. Now the girls are forced into a nightmarish fight for their lives! A prim and proper schoolgirl goes against her mother's wishes when she dates a motorcycle-riding juvenile delinquent. A botched diamond burglary and a dead publishing company executive set off a string of murders and betrayal in this suspensful, nonstop thriller! Sometimes life is not over even in death. Being picked on in school and throughout life because of being handicapped, Johnny Kershaw finally gets the revenge he always wanted. Kershaw mysteriously gets lured into the void by lost souls who want to use him to bring more living souls for them to be able to seek revenge. No one suspects that the school elevator as the passage way to the Void. Security last reveals Johnny Kershaw entering the elevator but never walking out. It is up to the spirit healers and good doers to find their friends and rescue Johnny Kershaw from the spell the voided souls have him under. The story is of a quirky mother and son who live in a modern Japanese, urban setting. The mother Kyoko has been long feeding human meat to her introverted teenage son, Mitsuo, who can now tell the sex and nationality of the meat he is eating. One day at the supermarket, Kyoko finds herself picking up the wallet of another housewife, Kanno. Kanno urges Kyoko to accept a token of gratitude but Kyoko declines. Kanno finds the stubborn refusal disturbing. Learn daily prayers through delightful songs as Francesco converts natural enemies into lifelong friends! The animals quickly learn that friendship and cooperation make life, work and play more fun, and that sometimes the smallest of the group can make the greatest contribution toward mending a Broken Cross. A party clown must fight to keep his smile on. Thriller set in the world of Forensic Pathology. Coroner Paul Herzfeld finds a capsule in the head of a heavily mutilated corpse, containing a phone number and single word: the name of his daughter. An elevated genre horror film about a single mother who wakes up in a medical facility to find that everyone is dead and she's nine months pregnant.  As she struggles to escape she discovers the facility's secret, they've tampered with the boundaries of death and brought people back to life, but those who've returned, have not returned alone. On the night of October 30, 2012, several people were attacked and murdered within their homes. The shocking events of that night were documented on two video cameras.  During a mellow pre-Halloween night of drinks, pranks and old horror films, Amy and Jake film a last minute schedule video for their school's annual Halloween fundraiser, but they are quickly interrupted by a strange group of trick or treaters, also equipped with a video camera. What Amy and Jake think is a prank by their friends, they ignore the strange interruption and continue with their night. As strange things continue to occur and escalate to an extreme level, the students quickly discover that they are dealing with dark individuals, and they don't want candy.  Experience the terrifying night in the perspectives of Amy, Jake and The Trick or Treaters. Sam Flynn, the tech-savvy and daring son of Kevin Flynn, investigates his father's disappearance and is pulled into The Grid. With the help of a mysterious program named Quorra, Sam quests to stop evil dictator Clu from crossing into the real world. A group of bikini-clad co-eds spend Columbus Day Weekend in the Florida Everglades Ayano, Miyu, Yuri and Mei are high school students. They learn about a fatal gas accident which occurred at a school in the past. The girls then experience unusual occurrences like hearing breathing from closed classrooms and seeing a person's shadow.  Hitomi then sneaks into an abandoned school to shoot a horror video for the internet. Hitomi hears from her colleague Kimio about a fox's window which leads to the spirit world. BBC rendition of Shakespeare's Coriolanus This is an Indonesian horror film based on the lullaby 'Oo Nina Bobo'. The chilling tale depicts the life of a young boy whose entire family was murdered in their house and he has since become mentally unstable. A few years later, the young boy believes that the death of his family was no accident and they had fallen victim to a demon who is coming back to finish what it did not all those years ago. Haunted by a terrifying spirit out of her graphic novel, a young artist struggles to overcome her psychosis before it destroys her. Narrowly escaping death at the hands of a notorious serial killer, Jessa Dixon awakens from a coma to learn her father committed suicide. Unconvinced, she investigates the suspicious suicide and uncovers a dark corporate conspiracy involving the police and the psychotic killer that almost took her life. In a devastated, post-apocalyptic world, all men have turned into rape demons. The only hope for the future is to travel to the past and prevent the outbreak, the source of which still remains a mystery. A duo of bisexual female vampires prey on passing motorists, whom they seduce and murder in the English countryside. t's been over a year since vampires took over the town of Fairlawn. A group struggles to survive against the undead as supplies dwindle, and a strange group arrives in town. After finding an ad online for "video work," Sara, a video artist whose primary focus is creating intimacy with lonely men, thinks she may have found the subject of her dreams. She drives to a remote house in the forest and meets a man claiming to be a serial killer. Unable to resist the chance to create a truly shocking piece of art, she agrees to spend the day with him. However, as the day goes on, she discovers she may have dug herself into a hole from which she can't escape. A woman enters an underground bunker where gifted children use augmented reality technology to wreak havoc.  During a game of poker, a guest brings a lot to the table.  ---  From TheBuffNerds, this is a thriller short film.  Hold'em is a short film shot entirely in one take with no cuts or edit splices. Jan is an absolute heartthrob and a diehard Hertha fan. Katrin is attractive, just as successful and an incorrigible romantic. Chance makes the two the ideal couple. At least almost. Everything would be perfect if the two flagship models of their species did not lapse into primeval behavioral patterns. And so Jan sinks a little too deep in the cleavage of his secretary Melanie, and Katrin can not resist the adventurer Jonathan's lead role. An aging actor with a serious serial killing hobby has his dark reclusive world blown open when a young blonde moves in to his guest house . Her presence soon begins to further shake Alan's already twisted psyche. You arrive at a secret location at a precise time, prompted by a mysterious email. You must follow the instructions closely. Once inside, disturbing visions begin. Unspeakable acts befall you--often frightening, sometimes sensual, possibly painful--each stimulating your deepest fears. And when it's over, you are changed, abandoned, and left wondering what is real and what was merely a game. Nosebleed, a formerly unpopular rock band instantly gains a cult following after the lead vocalist, Kana, recruits a zombie, Tetsuo, as their death metal vocalist, even though he is the same undead monster that killed her former band members. Meanwhile, government agents frantically search for their runaway zombie experiment...  An urban myth concerning a haunted website might just be more than a myth. A pandemic causes a massive outbreak of zombies. Several uninfected people take refuge in a hospital to evade the reanimated ghouls that keep attacking even if they are split in half by a sharp blade, but become increasingly paranoid. Will they be able to survive? While leading a police investigation of a massacre in a public school at the border of Mexico and U.S.A, special Agent Emanuel Ritter links this strange case to the coming and rising of the ancient demon Belzebuth. But in order to stop the trail of upcoming infanticides, Ritter shall have to confront himself before dealing with the forces of good and evil. A couple of friends go out in the woods to try to find the mythical village of Sugisawa, but something goes wrong and they go missing. The urban legend about the blog which brings tragedy and fear. Shy and inner minded high schoolgirl Hitomi starts her blog with fake name. She writes and jokes about her school and friends, but whoever name is written on the blog encounters terrifying tragedy, even death. Celal, 30ish year old writer at a magazine. He is fond of beautiful girls. After getting busted by his girlfriend with another girl,he kicked out from their apartment. He searches for a place to stay and searches a place to stay. He stops by an old, ruined house for a room for rent. He checks the room, he revolts from the mess. While leaving the house, he sees a beautiful girl is living next door... He changes his mind and hires the room. Unaware of strange things will happen in the house. The drama tells the story of Lennon's teenage years and the start of his journey to becoming a successful musician. The story also examines the impact on his early life and personality of the two dominant females in his childhood Directed by Kulp Kaljareuk, this modern adaptation of a classic horror tale revolves around two people whose loved ones die after they get a wax figure shaped like themselves. An investigation into the deaths brings the two together as they seek the truth behind the mystery. Stacy Phelps doesn't want to be anywhere near her abusive ex-husband the weekend that he's getting out of prison. With her best friends by her side, they decide to go away to her parent's beach house. Soon, they will be in a fight to survive the night. In the tradition of Tales from the Crypt and Creepshow comes terror in a new frequency with SCAREWAVES.  Join radio host Amos Satan as he lets his hungry listeners in on four of the most terrifying and true stories he's heard over his years in show business. In this holiday prequel, it's 1997 and Sunnyvale Trailer Park is getting ready for the holiday season. Julian's got a great idea to make money this Christmas, Ricky gets confused between God and Santa, and Bubbles tries to get the Boys together for an annual Christmas bonfire.  Meanwhile, Mr. Lahey is thrilled because Christmas is the only day of the year that his wife Barb allows him to have a few drinks. Directed by series creator Mike Clattenburg, this hour-long special takes place before Jamie was J-Roc, before Randy and Lahey were a couple, and before the Shitmobile was missing a door. Every camper's worst nightmare came true at Lake Bodom in 1960 when four teenagers were stabbed to death while sleeping in their tent. As the years passed and the case grew cold, the unsolved mystery turned into an urban legend, a creepy campfire story passed from generation to generation. Now, a group of teenagers arrives at the same campsite, hoping to solve the murder by reconstructing it minute by minute. As night falls, it turns out that not all of them are there to play. Tonight... it's girls against boys. Let the killing games begin. When a murder suspect is found dead, homicide detective Doug Ellis is forced to close one case, only to open another. But his obsession with the truth places him squarely in the middle of the case he's supposed to be investigating. Akira (Hayato Ichihara) admires Genyo Kamiura, the most powerful yakuza. Genyo Kamiura has been targeted numerous times, but he has never been killed. He is called the invincible person.  Because of Genyo Kamiura, Akira enters the world of the yakuza. His yakuza colleagues treat him like an idiot, and Akira can't even get tattoos because of his sensitive skin.  An assassin is sent to take out Genyo Kamiura. The killers know that Genyo Kamiura is a vampire. Thus begins the apocalypse. Rachel, a female war veteran returns home only to launch her own personal vendetta against the criminal underworld when a family member mysteriously dies. The underworld kingpin rules with an iron fist and those below her are terrified when her name is even mentioned. In order to get closer to the inner sanctum, Rachel takes on the identity of "Angel" a go-go dancer at a popular nightclub. As "Angel" learns details about the organization, she begins to exact her revenge against anyone she deems responsible for her family member's death. However, a detective is hot on Angel's trail as he investigates the death and destruction left in her wake. After one woman proclaims war against a band of drug dealers, pornographers, and criminal kingpins, will vengeance rule above all else? A cowardly man unwittingly unleashes three spirits seeking revenge against the family he works for. The spirits take turns taking over his body, causing all sorts of mischief along the way.  Lee Hanlon, the smartest student at an elite military school called the Complex, is intrigued by the academy's Black Skulls brotherhood but finds himself thrust into the role of global savior when he discovers their devilish origin. Kiran gets his dad's property and decides to turn it into a hotel. Intriguingly, all the customers who come to stay there, dies inexplicably. What's happening? Estranged from his family, Jonathan (Hedlund) discovers his father has decided to take himself off life support in forty-eight hours' time. During this intensely condensed period, a lifetime of drama plays out. Robert (Jenkins) fights a zero sum game to reclaim all that his illness stole from his family. A debate rages on patients' rights and what it truly means to be free. Jonathan reconciles with his father, reconnects with his mother (Archer), sister (Brown-Findlay), and his love (Adams) and reclaims his voice through two unlikely catalysts - a young, wise-beyond-her-years patient (Barden) and a no-nonsense nurse (Hudson). Through this intensely life affirming prism, an unexpected and powerful journey of love, laughter, and forgiveness unfolds. Lifelong serial killer, Hackley is going through a mid-life crisis and rethinking his life and career while dealing with his meddling,incompetent boss. A pair of investigators team up with a Special Forces Unit to venture deep inside a war raging between the military and a massive army of Nazi Zombie Stormtroopers. Their mission is to fight their way behind enemy lines, locate the technology at the source of this growing threat and prevent the seemingly inevitable rise of the 4th Reich.  After public school student Roddy Berwick takes the blame for a friend's transgression and is expelled, his life goes downhill. The patients and staff of a secluded heroin treatment center must do battle with more than their own demons as a mysterious killer begins picking them off one-by-one. Norman Pitkin is the assistant helping to run a small, old fashioned dairy which is threatened by a larger, modern organisation. Pitkin does his best to save the dairy (and his horse) and the usual chaos ensues Based on the horror game Ao Oni by noprops.  Five members of the cultural anthropology club at an old western-style school are trying to come up with ideas for their presentation at the school's culture festival, when they find a collection of folk tales gathered by a student in their club 40 years ago. They realize that the mysterious Bellflower Oni that appears in the folk tales may be the basis for the popular free game Ao Oni, and decide to make that their theme. They manage to make contact with the author of the Ao Oni game, but he dies mysteriously soon afterward. The club members become suspicious at the author's death and began to investigate on their own, but encounter a secret they never should have touched: a secret underground prison in the school.  For some reason all the fire doors at the school are locked, and they are trapped in the school. The sound of the strange footsteps they hear soon turn to their screams...A new tragedy of the Ao Oni is about to begin. Three friends celebrate a bachelor party. Their evening is full of surprises missed. This crazy night turns into a nightmare when they crash a young bride. Against all odds this accident will unleash the forces of evil. As the star of his church choir, there's nothing that brings Billy more joy than the opportunity to sing for an audience. However, as his desire to perform grows, the stalwart youth finds that waiting until Sunday to get his fix just simply isn't enough. Going against the advice of his pastor, Billy follows his girlfriend into the world of secular entertainment, joining the local community theatre troupe. There, Billy is introduced to a whole new world, where his fellow thespians dabble in drugs, sexual perversion, and table-top game-play. Yet, for all the newly minted depravities Billy encounters, none could prepare him for the darkest truth of them all: The theatre group is actually a front for a Satanic cult intent on raising Dracula from the grave! Lucid Dreams is an episodic film which the director recounts four of his own dreams: Don wants to repay his debt by arranging a fake wedding; Fan, a white collar, learns to let go of his ego after struggling with love and work; a writer named Tong reunites with her long-lost mother; a driving instructor, Chung, is inspired by four 'ghost ladies' and starts to believe again in his musical talent. Christmas is supposed to be a time of joy, peace and goodwill. But for some folks in the small town of Bailey Downs, it turns into something much less festive. An inexperienced detective and a psychologist must learn to work together to stop a masked killer who's terrorizing their small town. In the last few weeks of WW2, in a remote part of Eastern Europe. A desperate attempt by the Nazi's to revive and form a formidable army of dead soldiers. Kevin McCallister's parents have split up. Now living with his mom, he decides to spend Christmas with his dad at the mansion of his father's rich girlfriend, Natalie. Meanwhile robber Marv Merchants, one of the villains from the first two movies, partners up with a new criminal named Vera to hit Natalie's mansion. Laura Randolph is on a quest to find her true love: Dracula.  The product of an abusive father, Laura spurns mortal men,  desiring a darker, more sophisticated undead tryst.  A Little Bit Of BLOOD Creates Eternal LOVE. Obsessed with the supernatural world, 4 ghosthunters search for the existence of supernatural activities in places rumored to be haunted. Unable to get any real evidence for their planned TV show, they decide to give up and apply for real jobs...until a challenge for a mall owner comes to them. The challenge: survive 24 hours in a haunted mall and they will receive US$ 50,000. Deciding that this is their final chance to get the evidence they need for their TV show, they accept. But what happens when they actually encounter supernatural forces out of their control? Four friends break into an abandoned insane asylum in search of a death certificate which will grant one of them a large inheritance. However, finding it soon becomes the least of their worries in a place haunted by dark memories. After tragedy strikes Joshua's family, he trains himself to do the unthinkable. He will protect his family next time the Taker comes around, even if the cost is his own life. "Utburd" is the myth about the children abandoned in the woods to die. Adrian is trying to depict this tale of old in his second novel, but he is suffering from total writer's block. He joins childhood friend Kristine and three other companions on a cabin outing to get away from the writing. But when they get to the woods, he tells of the legend. Suddenly the group isn't so sure anymore: is "Utburd" really just an old ghost story? Mack and Jesse are a father and son survivalist team, in the making. Jesse just wants to do his own thing, his own way. A sudden outbreak of zombies centers on an office building, trapping the occupants. Mack and Jesse happen upon the scene, on their way to an underground bunker. Against Mack's better judgment, they stop and try to help. The situation becomes grim as the zombies breach the building, and the office workers are picked off. Mack and Jesse attempt to lead the remaining group to safety. Can they some how learn to see eye to eye, during a zombie holocaust and save humanity? To escape their marital problems, a young family travels from the city to spend the summer in Amish Country where a malevolent presence grips them. They soon discover that they were brought there for a reason and they must break free before the demonic hold consumes them. When a student takes on a theology project, he taps into another side that had been hidden away from him. When a troubled teen is subjected to severe bullying, he accidentally conjures the vengeful ghost of Moira Karp. Once a teenage girl pushed to suicide, Moira is now an unstoppable force on a mission of gruesome retribution. But when she goes to far, he must prevent her from spiraling out of control in this passionate and vividly violent supernatural thriller. A small-town Sheriff discovers there is something wrong with the sleepy town of Golden Torch, and he quickly realizes he may not get out alive. In the wake of two back-to-back mass murders on Chico's frat row, loner Brent Chirino must infiltrate the ranks of a popular fraternity to investigate his twin brother's murder at the hands of the serial killer known as "Motherface." A woman argues with her daughter in the park, few minutes later, the daughter is held captive by a maniac, The mother has to execute insane actions for the next sixty minutes if she wants to see again her daughter. A killer is stalking the actors of Quadruple X films and trying to get a cut of his favorite porn stars. "Broken Vows" tells the story of Patrick Flynn (Bentley), whose charm and charisma masks a profound psychosis. Patrick seduces Tara Bloom (Alexander), instantly becoming infatuated with the beauty. But when Tara rejects Patrick, he is sent spiraling into madness and delusion, erupting into psychotic rage. Tara is forced to find the strength to stop Patrick from destroying her love, her family, and her life. Grieving over the loss of her son, a mother struggles with her feelings for her daughter and her husband. She seeks out a ritual that allows her say goodbye to her dead child, opening the veil between the world of the dead and the living. Her daughter becomes the focus of terror. She must now protect against the evil that was once her beloved son. When a band of crazed evangelicals, bank robbers and vigilantes descend upon Cutter's Creek, there's only one local legend that can separate them. And dismember them. A group of popular teenagers trick three unsuspecting classmates into the woods to see what it's like to kill someone. A documentary which focuses on Indie Horror Filmmakers from around the world and the perils we're put through to bring your our films. V/H/S: VIRAL's segments include the story of a deranged illusionist who obtains a magical object of great power, a homemade machine that opens a door to a parallel world, teenage skaters that unwillingly become targets of a Mexican death cult ritual, and a sinister, shadowy organization that is tracking a serial killer. The segments are tied together by the story of a group of fame-obsessed teens following a violent car chase in LA that unwittingly become stars of the next internet sensation. "Zombi Kilang Biskut" tells the story of Husin, who returns to Kampung Pisang to work in a biscuit factory in Taiping as a 'supervisor' after having been cheated on by the 'Get Rich Quick' scheme in Singapore. In the factory itself, Husin meets his old friends again including Usop, Deris and Mat Karan. They then get involved in solving a mystery, with violent zombies in the factory itself. A Soviet nerve gas turns Czechoslovakian schoolkids into zombies Two teenage boys unwittingly summon an ancient evil entity known as The Blind One by delving into black magic while trying to escape their mundane lives. On July 4th, private Jay Williams returns home from the Middle East, but a mysterious epidemic breaks out and infects his friends at his party. On the road to salvation, Jay is joined by his ex-sergeant, who reveals chilling secrets leading to a conspiracy. The night has just begun, as they embark on a survival quest for the ultimate truth. Four desperate teenagers. A night of sexy mayhem. The big city. Or so the plan goes, until a series of misadventures later, Babai, Pele, Ria and Payal end up in a locked shopping mall in the dead of the night. Alone at last... until an old couple appears out of nowhere with a piece of folded leather and a glass container with two dice made of bone. A game. Simple, but deadly. They call it Ludo. A game defiled by a young couple centuries ago. An unbreakable curse, a living board, eons of bloodbath spanning the subcontinent. A game that has reached this city. Not just monsters, but prisoners of fate. Immortal lovers existing under a curse that will not die. They live within the game. Blood must spill. Bone must shatter. Beware the rattle of the Ludo dice. A girl is forced to return to her hometown from London after her mother's death and the break-up of her relationship. Taking a job as a night cleaner in a restaurant, she is troubled by the appearance of the ghost of a girl who disappeared years ago. A mystery unfolds around her, putting her in danger of meeting the same fate. Softwares and apps are daily installed based on agreements we scroll past and accept. But what exactly do we accept? In Faust 2.0 we meet five individuals who unknowingly enters into a pact with unknown forces and whose lives are brought to a brutal turn when they use the mystical applications to achieve what they want - but instead get what they deserve. As the applications spread the pieces fall into place and a digital pandemic takes shape. To escape her abusive boyfriend, Kat joins a wilderness expedition with a group of women, all of whom are struggling with the uncertainty of life. What was supposed to be an opportunity for personal discovery quickly becomes a fight for survival, forcing each one to discover the strength within themselves that they didn't even know they possessed. While being brazenly chased by a pack of predators, the strong quickly set themselves apart from the weak. In a battle of will, stamina, and heart, these very virtues present themselves at the most crucial moment. With death looming, each is left with what is truly important - the strength within oneself. A mentally-disturbed aspiring actor returning to New York City discovers the world of social media and faces the horrifying power of the Internet. The complete racing history. Mallory, a depressive, pill-popping art student with a knee injury, must survive the night in her apartment when she is haunted by evil, malevolent beings. Or is it all just in her head? Cracker County is under attack and lovesick dog catcher Bubba Blanche has been transformed into a ferocious, cigar smoking Werewolf in order to save the day. But first he's got to conquer a beer or two. And maybe a plate of chicken wings. Six diverse college students end up at the mercy of an occult ritual after deciding to attend the biggest party of the year, on Halloween night, hosted by fellow student James Pitman. Loyalty, love, and friendship come into question, as the will to survive rears its ugly head, in this twisted, supernatural fright-fest that ultimately reveals the true evil, dark nature of mankind. Meredith is a girl who so desperately tries to fit in with the beautiful people. A group of beauty pageant girls that have been friends since they were kids. When her attempts fail, and the bullying laps over into adulthood from these girls, Meredith snaps and begins a terrifying life or death game with the girls who treated her so horribly. They must either kill themselves, or live their lives with some sort of "imperfection". While video chatting one night, six high school friends receive a Skype message from a classmate who killed herself exactly one year ago. At first they think it's a prank, but when the girl starts revealing the friends' darkest secrets, they realize they are dealing with something out of this world, something that wants them dead. An Ancient Evil Unleashed. A supernatural thriller based on the terrifying legend of The Mothman. Rachel and Katy work together in a large, empty museum. A courageous homicide detective falls into a treacherous web of depravity after plunging herself into the world of sexual fetish videos in pursuit of an elusive serial killer. A madman has been slicing up bridesmaids all over the city, and Detective Greer English (Laura Romeo) is determined to see that justice is served. As the wave of terror continues, Detective English focuses her investigation on Billy Tagg (Michael McGovern) - a fetish photographer who specializes in the extreme. But Billy isn't who he appears to be, and by the time Detective English discovers he's been taken over by an ancient entity known as "The Tickle Monster," she may already be laughing her way to an early grave. Lt. Col. Kirby Yorke is posted on the Texas frontier to defend settlers against depredations of marauding Apaches. Col. Yorke is under considerable stress by a serious shortage of troops of his command. Tension is added when Yorke's son (whom he hasn't seen in fifteen years), Trooper Jeff Yorke, is one of 18 recruits sent to the regiment. There is nowhere to hide...nowhere to run...the Zombie Apocalypse has come, and our world now belongs to the dead! From Ireland, Canada, Australia, Europe and all over the U.S., the bone-chilling news reports tell the same gruesome tale - walking corpses terrorize and devour the living. Only a few desperate humans find the courage to stand and fight for their last chance at survival. But the hordes of undead keep coming, and there's only one thing on the menu - us. The sickness returns in THE HOSPITAL 2, the new film from Deviant Pictures. Giggling young women who secretly feed a macho cowboy Viagra  might sound pretty funny. But is it really?... I Stay with You starts out  as an innocent comedy with rich girls having carefree fun. Gradually,  however, the film undergoes a transformation, ending in dark  sadism. Artist Artemio Narro has made a number of installations  and videos on the subject of violence. His first fiction feature is not  only a commentary on the ever-present violence in Mexico, but  also on how we see violence. The changing tone of the film and an  ingenious turnaround in the battle of the sexes makes this film a  confrontational experience. Returning home from a shopping trip to a nearby town, bored suburban housewife Laura Jesson is thrown by happenstance into an acquaintance with virtuous doctor Alec Harvey. Their casual friendship soon develops during their weekly visits into something more emotionally fulfilling than either expected, and they must wrestle with the potential havoc their deepening relationship would have on their lives and the lives of those they love. Six friends having a weekly board game night are interrupted by a booming movie trailer voice from the sky. Inexplicably, they find themselves trapped in a Horror Movie. Who amongst them will turn into a homicidal killer? Who will be the sole survivor? And who will be the first to die in the shower? Struggling to break free from the stereotypes that would see them dead, each of the friends try to stay alive in whatever hopelessly desperate ways they can. First bite gives you focus, third bite gives you pleasure, fifth bite - Cannibal Fog.  Newlyweds Megan and Andrew have just moved into their dream home with aspirations to start a family. But soon strange events start happening. Voices and shadowy figures haunt Megan, and even Andrew, starts questioning his own sanity as their marriage is being torn apart. The visions grow increasingly real..and threatening, yet Megan is unwilling to relinquish her home. When the appearance of a mysterious priest unveils the truth behind their nightmare, Megan's reality takes a desperate turn that her haunting visions never could have predicted. Convinced of the final outcome, a team of scientists travels back in time to stop the spread of a virus turning men into zombified rapists through society and causes them to finally uncover the source of the deadly disease which causes them to attempt to stop it before it happens again. A group of traveling friends who are hoping for a fun filled weekend getaway, find themselves in the cross hairs of one of the most dangerous and prolific serial killers in history. The unique statue of the ancient fertility goddess Demeter, known as the "Pagan Madonna" is stolen from the museum, located in a small town on Lake Balaton. At the same time seriously wounded a servant of the museum. The abduction of the museum's priceless statues of pure gold is investigated by the then young and inexperienced investigator Kardos and lieutenant "Droplet". Two drifters bum around, visit earthy women and discuss opening a car wash in Pittsburgh. A doe-eyed knife-wielding killer is on the loose in a small town slicing and dicing men of questionable intent left and right. As her brutality leaves a town littered with corpses, her unquenchable blood-lust is lost on her young lover who is willing to pursue her regardless of the obvious warning signs of psychosis. Will he meet his end at the end of her blade? She decides who lives or dies! Four desperate teenagers. A night of sexy mayhem. The big city. Or so the plan goes, until a series of misadventures later, Babai, Pele, Ria and Payal end up in a locked shopping mall in the dead of the night. Alone at last... until an old couple appears out of nowhere with a piece of folded leather and a glass container with two dice made of bone. A game. Simple, but deadly. They call it Ludo. A game defiled by a young couple centuries ago. An unbreakable curse, a living board, eons of bloodbath spanning the subcontinent. A game that has reached this city. Not just monsters, but prisoners of fate. Immortal lovers existing under a curse that will not die. They live within the game. Blood must spill. Bone must shatter. Beware the rattle of the Ludo dice. The story of the first major battle of the American phase of the Vietnam War and the soldiers on both sides that fought it. A young man who gets easily scared is possessed by a ghost that is seeking revenge. Four friends plan a camping trip at a small campground to spend an evening around a fire, telling each other campfire stories that all supposedly happened close to the area that they're staying at. Strangely enough, their campground happens to sit right beside an old creepy cemetery, named "Ha Ha Cemetery."  As the night goes on, the group slowly starts to realize their stories are starting to tie together, and what starts off as a quiet night, soon becomes a night of terror.  What would make a group of campers decide to camp out beside an old cemetery? What secrets does "Ha Ha Cemetery" hold? Prepare yourself for four deadly tales of terror. A woman is drawn into a world of darkness and violence. She realizes that the only way out is through death. Adam Manish is a bizarre young man who believes that some people are trying to kill him due to his special born gifts. Ava is recovering from demonic possession. With no memory of the past month, she must attend a Spirit Possessions Anonymous support group to figure out what happened. Ava's life was hijacked by a demon, now it's time to get it back.  In this new softcore erotica film from the writer/director of Daydream Obsession, Lawrence is just out of the closet and he turns to his straight friends for help. After getting a massage from an old high school crush, he has his friends find out more about the masseur. Will he turn out to be more than a masseur? Will he be faithful to Lawrence? Maya has lost her memory due to a road accident where she had unintentionally ran over a girl named Laila.The girl then dies and scary occurrences start taking place in Maya's life. A father and daughter live a perfect but mysterious existence in Forest Park, a beautiful nature reserve near Portland, Oregon, rarely making contact with the world. But when a small mistake tips them off to authorities, they are sent on an increasingly erratic journey in search of a place to call their own. One year after his young son disappeared during a Halloween carnival, Mike Cole is haunted by eerie images and terrifying messages he can't explain. Together with his estranged wife, he will stop at nothing to unravel the mystery and find their son--and, in doing so, he unearths a legend that refuses to remain buried in the past. A docu-thriller that sets out to uncover the details surrounding the life, brief career, and mysterious death of horror filmmaker Karl Atticus, referred to by some as the forgotten father of the "slasher movie." The film includes interviews with various horror historians and aficionados including Eduardo Sanchez (director of The Blair Witch Project), who posits the question: Why, for 40 years, has the story of Karl Atticus been all but eradicated from the annals of cinema history? Darryl Masters is the host of his own house flipping show, "Mastering Disaster", along with his daughter and presumptive heir to his business, Rebecca. As soon as they begin work on their latest project, things start to go wrong, and Darryl is starting to believe that the house is responsible...  Marian is a factory worker determined to leave the assembly line behind and move up in the world. Two siblings spend the night alone with their new stepmother. Stuck in a remote mountain cabin, the trio are terrorised by a supernatural force. While transporting the unstoppable killer Bonejangles to an asylum, a group of police officers encounter a hellish pit stop: a cursed town where the dead rise from their graves. Now the only way to save their lives and the town is to release Bonejangles and fight the curse...with something much worse. Daisy is the all-American girl next door with a hunger for true love and an appetite for murder. Then one day Daisy meets the man of her dreams, only to discover that his own lust for killing might make her his next victim. Every camper's worst nightmare came true at Lake Bodom in 1960 when four teenagers were stabbed to death while sleeping in their tent. As the years passed and the case grew cold, the unsolved mystery turned into an urban legend, a creepy campfire story passed from generation to generation. Now, a group of teenagers arrives at the same campsite, hoping to solve the murder by reconstructing it minute by minute. As night falls, it turns out that not all of them are there to play. Tonight... it's girls against boys. Let the killing games begin. Alexis, Sylvia and Ellen are a trio of legendary scream queens. After the head of a motion picture studio invites them out to a very special screening in exchange for the possibility of a lead role in an upcoming horror film, the three women slowly become suspicious... not only of their circumstances, but also each other. They begin to realize that the horrific footage they are watching might be real and that they might be trapped in the deserted studio with a bonafide killer. A quiet town is jumpstarted by the arrival of an enigmatic family; a statuesque mother named Louisa and her gorgeous teenage sons. Sixteen Year-Old Hilary is working hard to get good grades, hoping to escape the small town life a long line of relatives lived before her. With the arrival of the mysterious family just weeks before school is to let out, life suddenly becomes appealing. Hilary's father is instantly charmed by Louisa, while she herself finds a strong connection to middle son Kadin, ignoring her dubious instincts. As the town falls under the hypnotic spell of the young men, no one but Hilary sees the peculiar loyalty that holds them together and the lengths they will go to give their mother what she needs until it's far too late. In 1982 a tragedy occurred during a small town's founders day festival and performer's parade somewhere in Ohio. This event left one woman dead, and a local man missing. An amnesiac must reach back into his mind for memories that will help him save the love of his life before a virus completely takes over. When Collin Bastrow is found in the forest, alone and afraid, he has a shocking story to tell. As he struggles to recount the events of the previous night his memories return in a series of horrific flashes of what became of his friends and fiancee. What started as a simple camping trip in the mountains of Northern Arizona quickly descended into an amazing and terrifying story that is truly out of this world. As the sole survivor of this deadly close encounter Collin must try and explain the unexplainable Father blames son, son blames father, in this everyday story of witchcraft, murder and cannibalism. 12 strangers are held against their will as each of them must go along with the rules if they are to get the cure for a killer virus which infects them all. The Damned Thing, inspired by Ambrose Bierce's classic short-story of the same title, is the apocalyptic tale of a monstrous force that devastates Sheriff Kevin Reddle's family and his small Texas town of Cloverdale. As a child, Reddle's father goes berserk, guns down his wife, and almost kills Kevin before being disemboweled by an invisible force. Before he dies, Kevin's father says the "damned thing" has found him.... When her husband's sex game goes wrong, Jessie (who is handcuffed to a bed in a remote lake house) faces warped visions, dark secrets and a dire choice. A family of bloodthirsty monsters descends on the city to take revenge on the man that caused the death of so many of their own. A young couple deliberately moves into a haunted house to contact the other side. Until their conduit, a painted black mirror proves to contain a malevolent presence hell-bent on bringing harm to their new family. After struggling to find employment, Amanda takes a hotel position in a small town where she ends up fighting for her life. Pran Boon, or Hunter Boon, saves a child's life by killing a young Sming that attacked him. Little did he know that the young Sming was not the only one in the area. After having witnessed Pran Boon killing her son, mother Sming sets out to Pran Boon's village, seeking revenge that leaves Pran Boon's wife dead and his daughter injured. Knowing he and his daughter would never be safe again until the Sming is dead, Pran Boon begins his hunt for the most dangerous hunter in the jungle with the support of Pran Hlong, an immigrated Chinese hunter who seems unlikely to be an ordinary hunter. A young girl with a special gift comes of age during one of the most desolate periods in American history in this dark Dust Bowl fantasy inspired by Hans Christian Andersen's "The Little Mermaid." A pair of filmmakers try to work with Ruggero Deodato, "Cannibal Holocaust, Jungle Holocaust, House on the Edge of the Park, Cut and Run" to pull of a horror film based on realism. The producers family house, where the film is to be shot turns out to have it's own secrets, hidden behind the walls. Secret chambers and ritualistic ceremonies invoking the spirit of Lilith. She who was cursed by God for not obeying Adam in the Garden of Eden. The women in the crew are possessed one, by one and their only salvation is thru death. Once unleashed, nothing can prepare you for LILITHS HELL! In wartime England, circa 1941, poorly-armed tugs are sent into "U-Boat Alley" to rescue damaged Allied ships. An American named David Ross arrives to captain one of these tugs. He's given a key by a fellow tugboat-man -- a key to an apartment and its pretty female resident. Should something happen to the friend, Ross can use the key. Six eager students strike out to explore and record live footage of supernatural activity at an abandoned plantation, but one unsettled spirit gives them more than they asked for. Alicia Stone returns in this gore-drenched sequel. Having lost all hope, husband Jason calls on the help of Paranormal TV host Tyson to confront the demonic forces that have plagued the Stone household. Based on the comic by Fujiko Minako. Played as a double feature with That's Cunning! Shijo saidai no sakusen. A Thames River barge operator finds a mysterious package dropped by smugglers. Henry Brogen, an aging assassin tries to get out of the business but finds himself in the ultimate battle: fighting his own clone who is 25 years younger than him and at the peak of his abilities. Alternately tragic and comic, an exploration of the complexities of love in both its brightest and darkest corners. Adapted from John Irving's best-selling novel A Widow for One Year, the film is set in the privileged beach community of East Hampton, New York and chronicles one pivotal summer in the lives of famous children's book author Ted Cole (Jeff Bridges) and his beautiful wife Marion (Kim Basinger). Their once-great marriage has been strained by tragedy. Her resulting despondency and his subsequent infidelities have prevented the couple from confronting a much-needed change in their relationship. Eddie O'Hare, the young man Ted hires to work as his summer assistant, is the couple's unwitting yet willing pawn - and, ultimately, the catalyst in the transformation of their lives. An obsessed fan and his mother kidnap former 'scream queens' and force them to reenact their famous film roles...with deadly results. The hunters are still on Morgan Locke's trail. As the latest closes in on him he finds an unlikely ally: one of Locke's victims, out for vengeance on the powerful vampire. Three hunters, with three objectives, in the final showdown. In WikiRebels, we learn about the early hacker life of Julian Assange, and his later decision to form an organization where whistleblowers can anonymously pass information that documents crime and immorality. His stated goal is to expose injustice, and nothing exemplifies this more than the leaked film entitled "Collateral Murder." WikiRebels shows other films released by WikiLeaks, and catalogs the most significant leaks since its 2006 inception, including the Iceland banking scandal, Kenya corruption and death squads, and toxic dumping in Cote D'Ivoire.  Four paranormal students get much more than they bargained for at a secluded beach volleyball complex. Xandra, a rebellious vampire sets out on her own in pursuit of love and Rock 'N' Roll, but there is no escape from the long arms of the coven. Profoundly scarred and suspected to have committed 27 murders, "Patient 394" takes us deep into her perverted realm of mutilation, suffering and otherworldly guidance. After a tragic incident, a psychiatrist offered Faith, Julio, and Stella life-sized dolls to look after to help cope from the loss of their respective daughters: Maria, Leonora, and Teresa. But the toys appears to be controlled by sinister. A family man being held captive in his own home by a psychotic homeless man he has befriended, struggles to free himself before his family is threatened. Students Raz, Charlie and Jess embark on their end of year Media Studies project unaware of the horrific and unspeakable fate that awaits them. What starts as a seemingly simple mystery soon turns into a claustrophobic and hellish nightmare. Animation that illustrates five of Augusto Monterroso's fables. After a virus of epic proportions overwhelms the planet--with more infected than uninfected--humanity is losing its grip on survival and its only hope is finding a cure and keeping the infected contained. Lauren, a doctor, arrives in Los Angeles with her crack team to lead the hunt for uncontaminated civilian survivors, but nothing can prepare them for the blood-soaked mayhem they witness as they head into the Californian streets where everything is considered a trap. Hideo Suzuki is a 35-year-old mangaka assistant, whose life seem to be stuck around his exhausting but low-paying job, unfulfilled dreams, strange hallucinations and unsatisfying relationships. He sees himself as a supporting character in his own life, has low self-esteem, resulting in frustration. One day, the world as Hideo knows it is shattered by the presence of a disease that turns people into homicidal maniacs, whose first instinct is to attack and devour the nearest human. Night Kaleidoscope transforms Edinburgh's cobbled backstreets into a dark dreamscape brimming with supernatural menace. It's the perfect backdrop for Fion, a cynical psychic investigator who peddles his gift for anyone willing to pay. With abilities depleting, he must take powerful drugs to induce his visions and track down a pair of vampires terrorising the cities night population. When a bumbling pair of employees at a medical supply warehouse accidentally release a deadly gas into the air, the vapors cause the dead to re-animate as they go on a rampage seeking their favorite food: brains! Kate Bowman (Jocelin Donahue) is an average social worker who is investigating in the mysterious deaths of people who died in their sleep. Shortly before their deaths, the victims all reported a supernatural force that appeared to them while they were suffering from sleep-paralysis. When Kate investigates further into the case, she opens herself up to the creature's wrath, and soon finds herself, and her family suffering from an ancient evil. The spirit of a murdered girl returns with a message. Now a stranded woman must team up with the staff of a local station to solve the mystery of her death. Best friends Lucy, Eva, Ashley, Beth and Margot throw a slumber party.....BUT MURDER NEVER SLUMBERS!!!!! It's a timeless tale of friendship, betrayal, madness, and the search for some decent dick. A former nun turned criminal profiler is called in to investigate the horrific ritualistic murders of two middle aged women. Her unorthodox approach means that she has to deal not only with solving a murder but also winning the trust of her sceptical colleagues. When three young women receive shocking videos anonymously, a nightmare is reawakened that ignites a thirst for bloody vengeance. They embark on a journey to locate the house, their sadistic captor and to discover the truth behind those locked doors. But, the most shocking revelation of this chilling tale is the identities of the victims. The vampires roam the streets, and the vampire hunters must hunt down and destroy the Day Walker. West Philadelphia basketball star Sergio Taylor deals with the pressures of fame while his brother and sister have their own issues with ambition. A swimming instructor teaches children to swim in a little town near Havana, but there's only one problem: the pool is empty. That will not stop the kids or the teacher from accomplishing their goal. Perla is obsessed with having a beauty queen in the family and she is willing to do whatever it takes to make her dream come true. Faith's world is turned upside down after she finds out that her beloved father is dying. When the mysteriously alluring Sissy Young becomes her field hockey coach, Faith finds a compassionate spirit and much-needed mother figure. Little does she know that Sissy is the head of a centuries-old witches' coven that uses the fruit of an ancient cherry tree in a secret ritual that restores life to the dead and dying. Offering to cure her father in exchange for a child, Sissy strikes a bargain with Faith, who suddenly finds herself pregnant with a baby that's growing at an alarming rate. But with the clock to the child's birth ticking down and the true intention of Sissy's plans for humanity becoming more apparent, Faith and her father must stand together in order to save both their lives. Alena's life is far from simple. When she arrives at her new elite boarding school, Filippa and the other girls start to harass her. But Alena's best friend Josefin won't let her take anymore beating. If she won't strike back, Josefin will do it for her. Hard. When 18-year-old Sam begins a no-strings-attached summer fling with uninhibited older woman Mary, it seems like the perfect relationship. But after Mary begins using him to make her uptight police officer husband John jealous, he becomes an unwilling pawn in a dangerous emotional game. Can Sam avoid John's wrath, or will he pay the ultimate price for giving in to his carnal desires? After losing his father, a teenage boy decides to continue the family business and deliver pizza by bicycle during the zombie apocalypse. A young woman suffers from vivid nightmares about a mysterious gloved maniac mutilating male victims in this American neo-giallo. Three teenage girls come of age while working at a pizza parlor in Mystic Connecticut. A man awakens in an empty house that he is unable to leave. Battling fatigue, injury and amnesia, and guided only by a cryptic voice on his phone, he begins piecing together fractured memories of the events that led him to be trapped. With a terrifying presence confining him inside the house, he ultimately discovers a truth more horrifying than he could have ever imagined. An innocent woman, accused of murdering her son and hanged as a witch, curses a tree and the children who play around it. The effects of this act of revenge echo through the years ..... Taking place years after The Haunting of Molly Hartley, who now, as an adult, has fallen under the possession of an evil spirit and must be exorcised by a fallen priest before the devil completely takes her. Modern-day urban problems like unemployment and teenage depression come under the microscope. Husband and wife lose their jobs, and their daughter is under considerable stress studying for her college exams. Meanwhile, grandmother is having an unexpected romantic liaison. Will the family be able to pull together to solve their problems? Jerica has had a pretty crazy night. She broke every single one of the "Scream" Scary Movie Rules...and lived! By doing so, she becomes the WITCHSTALKER...the latest in a long line of witch killers who have kept humanity safe. With the help of Wilder (her watcher), Jerica must fight zombies, werewolves and other ghouls to stop the evil witch Ivana from using her army of undead to take over the world! Boobs, blades and blood! Suspense film from the "Cine 100" series about a deserted motel, a woman with a broken-down car, a shower curtain and a knife. The life story of the famous pianist and band-leader of the 1930s and 1940s. Emma, a college student with a crippling fear of clowns, must come face to face with her worst fear when an evil spirit in the body of a clown is summoned terrorizing the town she calls home. When their friends start dying mysteriously, David and Vinay believe it to be the handiwork of a ghost. However, the cop investigating the case seems to think otherwise and goes after them. What is the mystery here? Creature Feature is five interwoven tales of terror that occur one foggy Halloween night in Georgia. A babysitter learns a new appreciation for fine art and hard lesson about the consequences of being irresponsible...and naughty!; a group of college kids stumble on the mother of all Scarecrows; two teenagers are forced to steal from the wrong cantankerous old hermit who has been known to occasionally howl at the moon; a murdered father comes back for vengeance against his gold-digging wife and traitorous children; and all of this Halloween fun is made possible by a London Gentleman known as..."Jack" JAM (Christian Clavier), a French "master of the universe" is on the brink of a major takeover when he starts suffering from anxiety attacks. His doctor (Lhermite) thinks it is to do with childhood experiences and suggests he searches back in his mind to something that could be the trigger and will prove to be the antidote. When children start disappearing, a rebellious teen under house arrest starts to suspect that a legendary evil, a boogeyman known as the Cucuy, might be responsible. A boyfriend and girlfriend go camping for the weekend and run into an escaped convict. A young woman hired to cater the post-funeral gathering for accused killer Hank Boyd discovers his crimes and death may not be what they seem. In this Supernatural Slasher flick, TV reporter Noelle Martin and her assistant Maya need to come up with a Halloween story fast! Along with another gal, they venture into the haunted area where several women accused of practicing witchcraft in the 1600's were buried. A deranged undertaker kills various people to keep as his friends in his seedy funeral home. A young boy can transfer his body energy into ESP and heal sick people. While the subject of scientists' studies, he runs away to try to find out about his past and why he is the way he is. The plot follows Morris (Curran), a recluse with psychotic tendencies, whose life changes when his innocent daughter (Vickers) rescues one of his victims and befriends him. Jake (Hill), an ordinary businessman, soon realizes that he is stranded, and his presence in the house gradually reveals unexpected and dark mysteries from the past. Based on the game, Dead Rising takes place during a large-scale zombie outbreak. When a mandatory government vaccine fails to stop the infection from spreading, the four leads must evade infection while also pursuing the root of the epidemic, with all signs pointing to a government conspiracy. A cultural relic restorer discovers the skeletons of babies while working in an old mansion. The bloody events of the past drags everyone working on the project into a dark abyss. An on-the-run twisted family of circus performers live in the remote Scottish highlands, miles away from civilisation. When a team of kick ass Roller Derby girls go camping just a bit too close to them all hell breaks loose. Successful lawyer Fran is shocked to discover her equally successful husband, Phillip, has chosen to answer the call and become a minister. Christine is busily planning her wedding to the man of her dreams, but a stunning infidelity threatens her happiness. And half-sister Tonia struggles with her own shameful secret. Threatened by betrayal, illness and bitter memories of the past, these sisters must take a hard look at each other and themselves to decide if this family has a hope for survival. B.O.O. (Bureau of Otherworldly Operations) is the super classified agency you've never heard of and certainly never seen. Dedicated to protecting humans from evil hauntings, the agents of B.O.O. have a secret weapon: they are ghosts themselves. When newbie agents Jackson Moss and his odd-ball partner Watts uncover a plot to destroy B.O.O. by the agency's Most Wanted Haunter, they must use every trick in their arsenal to defeat his powerful ghost army and save Earth from a ghostly fate. Images coming from the crimes committed by a deranged pair of murderers bring a small town woman to the attention of a celebrity lensman. But how much danger will enter her life as a result of all this attention? In her many years as a social worker, Emily Jenkins believes she has seen it all, until she meets 10-year-old Lilith and the girl's cruel parents. Emily's worst fears are confirmed when the parents try to harm the child, and so Emily assumes custody of Lilith while she looks for a foster family. However, Emily soon finds that dark forces surround the seemingly innocent girl, and the more she tries to protect Lilith, the more horrors she encounters. After a mysterious global crisis, a young girl is left alone to hide from a malevolent power that stalks her home. Her parents eventually return and the struggle begins to save their daughter. Three students that are brutally murdered over the weekend as the students and staff are getting ready for the annual 'Wildcat Night', but the murderer walks among the peers ready to strike again, in this slasher flick. Shannon and Kris embark on a cross country road trip, to put back the pieces of their strained friendship. But it all falls apart when their car breaks down in Kain, Arizona. A place where you can check in anytime you want, but you can never leave. Based on a true story, 15 year old Tina Spangler discovers she is pregnant. Her choices are abortion, adoption, or a lonely, exhausting life as a single parent. Abandoned by her boyfriend, she turns to her mother. Tina discovers although it has torn her world apart, her pregnancy could re-unite her shattered family and help her find her true purpose in life. After meeting online, Jack and Kristy go on a weekend getaway to the woodlands of rural Missouri. While discovering each other, they soon learn of the terrorizing horrors that the forest has in store. A group of five college graduates rent a cabin in the woods and begin to fall victim to a horrifying flesh-eating virus, which attracts the unwanted attention of the homicidal locals. Candie is a bisexual who has a perfect setup with multiple partners until everyone starts dying around her. In 1987 a disillusioned door to door orange salesman horrifically murders his first victim. Move forward 27 years and a land developer is buying an orange grove. He and his 3 friends plan a fishing trip to get his head around the pending transaction, unbeknownst to them, his estranged wife and her new boyfriend have also chosen the very same location for a break. The usual strange noises and unnerving situations ensue when they congregate at a secluded cabin, as The Orange Man eliminates them 1 by 1 with the aid of his prosthetic hook and a bag of oranges! Enter the creepy and sick serial killer world of the Banner family. In the minuscule town of Bernardsville, New Jersey many girls have turned up missing. As detectives investigate, Walter Banner is renting out his second home mansion, to lure young college girls into his home to kill them one by one. Due to his fathers failing health, Walter calls on his brothers to come home for the weekend to help out pop, but instead, when they come home they decide to embark on a killing spree of their own. Everyone has a secret in the thriller/horror 'Pretty Fine Things'. Two friends, Riggs and Decker embark on a search for proof of Bigfoot's existence. They soon find out that the real question is not if he exists, but why. Five carnival workers are kidnapped and held hostage in an abandoned, Hell-like compound where they are forced to participate in a violent game, the goal of which is to survive twelve hours against a gang of sadistic clowns. Publisher Will Randall becomes a werewolf and has to fight to keep his job. An inside look at a West Hollywood cult formed by a charismatic teacher in the 1980s that eventually imploded. Jiron is the story of "Jiron de niebla" (Shred of Fog), the last film made by Mexico's duque of horror, Carlos Enrique Taboada, which, for several reasons, was never shown or premiered. The mistery behind the disappearance of this film will be revealed in a series of interviews with the people who worked on it. Two men went searching for ghosts, but they found themselves instead... When an unscrupulous scientist drags his stepchildren out into the forest to use them as bait in the hopes of luring out a big foot, not even the team of hillbillies he hired can contain the horror they find: the horror of Mutantis! Only the adventurer Dr. William Fury may be able to stop the beast, but hope dwindles fast once Dr. Fury realizes that the monster is not only intent on murder but procreation as well. Could this be the end of the world as we know it? For the answer watch, Mutantis! Connor Wright reluctantly returns to his hometown after his estranged mother suddenly passes away. Tasked with managing the sale of the estate, he employs the help of Jessi and Alex, his childhood friends, to assist in the organization of things. As the trio bond again after years apart, events begin to transpire that suggest they may not be alone in the now-vacant home. A terrible secret and the aftermath of some nefarious deeds of the past stalk the grounds of the residence, waiting for the perfect moment to strike. Emma is a young and beautiful graduate student just starting a new life in New York City. Like most people her age, she is always connected - her phone and laptop are constant companions, documenting her most intimate moments. What she doesn't realize is that she's sharing her life with an uninvited and dangerous guest. A hacker is following Emma's every move. When the voyeuristic thrill of watching her digitally isn't enough, the situation escalates to a dangerous and terrifying level. A group of young people went on a abandoned hostel in Sligo, Ireland. After they play a really creepy game, all of them disappear. It focuses on Lester who, upon getting the cursed bagua, starts to get all the luck and prosperity he could get in his life, but with deadly consequences. Kevin McCallister's parents have split up. Now living with his mom, he decides to spend Christmas with his dad at the mansion of his father's rich girlfriend, Natalie. Meanwhile robber Marv Merchants, one of the villains from the first two movies, partners up with a new criminal named Vera to hit Natalie's mansion. An EPIC zombie film that explains HOW the infection starts... raw, gritty indie film by and starring real-life veterans! Zombie Isle In the late 70's, a group of college students and their professor ventured onto an uninhabited island for a day of exploring flora, fauna and co-ed fun. The class field trip quickly becomes a grisly nightmare as the students and faculty soon discover they are stranded and the island is crawling with ravenous, flesh-eating ghouls, reanimated as Zombies by an insane Nazi scientist who can resurrect and control the dead. Just when the slaughter levels out, a three-headed abomination comes out of hiding that even its creator can't control. A head smashing, blood splattering, intestine eating throwback to the zombie films of the 70's and 80's. Welcome to ZOMBIE ISLE... A fieldtrip straight to Hell. An animated comedy that features WWE Superstars, providing their own voices while matching up against talking animals. After his fiancee, Kate, dies in an accident on their wedding day, veterinarian Henry grows depressed. To help him move on, his sister has him visit psychic Ashley and gives her Kate's diary. Ashley uses the journal's details to convincingly deliver the fake message that Kate wants Henry to move on. However, Kate's ghost is watching over Ashley and Henry. Furious when they fall for each other, she vows to sabotage their relationship. Suk-gyu is desperately looking for his runaway daughter. He spares neither money nor effort and after a while his search leads to results. One of his contacts claims to have found the girl. But joy is replaced by shock when he finds out that she works as a prostitute in the center of Seoul. Suk-gyu decides to pose as a client to get close to his daughter. But just before the long awaited and dreaded reunion, panic breaks out at nearby Seoul Station. The place is very popular with the homeless of the Korean capital. And one of them, who had died during the day, comes alive again and start attacking and eating another misfortunate. The undead cannibal epidemic spreads like wildfire. The authorities hermetically close off the city center and decide to wait out the end of the outbreak, until there's no one left... Two best friends, Merv Doody (James Heathcote) and Onkey (Dan Palmer), take a hapless escaped mental patient under their wing and attempt to teach him how to become a real serial killer. The true story of technical troubles that scuttle the Apollo 13 lunar mission in 1971, risking the lives of astronaut Jim Lovell and his crew, with the failed journey turning into a thrilling saga of heroism. Drifting more than 200,000 miles from Earth, the astronauts work furiously with the ground crew to avert tragedy. Alex is a divorced father and overstressed executive. His daily routine is work, work, work. Tonight, Alex is in real hurry and due to meet a beautiful young stranger... who contacted him via the internet. But this blind date will flip him into a downward spiral disrupting his life forever, as Alex starts to realize that he has become the victim of a male predator who is evil beyond comparison. A social media Vblogger and his close friends find themselves the victims of an unending series of pranks after opening a mysterious package sent from an online friend, pranks that soon take a more sinister and deadly turn. 4 shorts from French Directors, working in the tradition of Grand Guignol, set in Tokyo. Stories about a man repeating a bloody day running from the Yakuza; a woman's violent encounter with her mirror image; a woman and her lasergun fighting of a shadowy demon; and a man being cursed by the famous Hachi-statue to become a werewolf pining for a prostitue. A women creates an alter ego in hopes of overcoming the trauma inflicted by men in her life A group of campers set forth on dangerous grounds with several agendas on their minds. Some are going to find romance while others are in search of a lost Indian treasure. However murder, deception, and revenge are the primary motives for one. Four teenagers, Amy, Melissa, Hailey and Tess venture out into the British countryside for a weekend camping. After a while it becomes clear that they are not alone as an unknown figure watches them. The first night they sit around the campfire and tell each other scary stories. One involves a strange video they saw on the internet, another involves possessed pumpkins and the final tells the tale of The Plague Doctor. Slowly over the next day each girl is killed, one by one, until only Amy survives. Drugged, she awakes in a strange room and suddenly the real terror can begin! A horror/comedy about Al-Harrawy family's mysterious house, which is considered by locals to be haunted by peculiar creatures, ghosts and strange phenomena. Starring Carr Cavender, Molly Beucher and directed by Jesse Keller. A backstage romance leads a pair of actors down a dark path, as they discover their lives beginning to mirror the story of Shakespeare's bloodiest play. Five tales of dread interwoven when a sociology student gathers several of his friends on  Halloween night at the local library to help him create a new urban legend with deadly consequences; Lily  is in for a late night of researching and needs something to keep her going. It isn't until she's approached  by a mysterious stranger that her luck may change... for the worse; a typical night of work for a librarian  becomes a classic ghost story with a modern twist. Sometimes you can't keep a bad book down; Sidney  is allowed to stay after hours to study for a test. It's not until she suddenly awakens in the darkened library  that she realizes the horrifying truth of what lurks among the stacks of books after midnight. She better  pray she doesn't become the prey; Paige faces regrets that she'd do anything to take back. When an  ancient and arcane spell book literally falls into her lap, she decides to make a grave decision. Be careful  what you wish for, it might just kill you. Following two death-obsessed teenage girls who use their online show about real-life tragedies to send their small Midwestern town into a frenzy and cement their legacy as modern horror legends. Ray Steppin, a small-town sheriff in the mountains of Syzygy County Alaska is awakened early one morning with a hangover of steep proportions. He's summoned to the gruesome crime scene where a bevy of bodies have been found at a remote cabin; and one is still breathing. As the investigation deepens and night begins to fall, it becomes more and more clear that what Ray and his deputies (and the local coroner/priest) are up against isn't natural and that nothing is what it seems. After being infected in the wake of a violent pandemic and with only 48 hours to live, a father struggles to find a new home for his baby daughter. The child survivor of Victorville's most infamous murder case that brutally claimed the life of her mother, Alexis is now turning 21 and the sole heir to the Victorville estate. But when she receives the deed to her old family home, she also receives it's secrets. Making the house her new home yet unable to shake the feeling that evil forces within it are responsible for creepy occurrences, Alexis and her friends investigate the home's history and discover that the dangerous entity may have been responsible for her mother's death and so many more. After a painful breakup, Leah seems to meet the perfect guy. But she soon discovers his violent side that disrupts her life. Halloween night, an old house, a group of stoned guys, drugs and gorgeous chicks...and a deadly alien invasion that falls from the sky to make a hell of a party. Tacoma writer/director/photographer/editor/animator Isaac Olsen's expressionistic art film follows the exploits of an elusive "creature boy" who terrorizes a rural German township. This creature, naive but murderous, spends his days lurking in the woods and satisfying his lust for human flesh as an inspector from Frankfurt sets out to hunt him down. Olsen employs a visual cornucopia of moods, textures, and themes with miniatures, animation, water tank photography, and other techniques. With an international cast of non-actors speaking in German with English subtitles, this mostly black-and-white nod to German expressionism moves closer to the field of abstraction and transforms a simple narrative into a true sensory experience. Grim melodrama about girls sent to South America to be used by crooks. 18-year old Jesse Winters, also know as The Butcher, was put to death in Louisiana for committing 23 grisly murders. There was no doubt that he was killer, the question was why? His mother, Kate, claimed that Jesse was possessed by a demon that drove him to fiendish brutality. Now, for the first time on film, Kate will attempt to prove her theories and clear her son's name by inviting a demon to invade her body. Sit back and prepare to watch the unimaginable. That screaming you hear? It's probably your own.  When two graduate student physicist run out of time to prove their theory on time travel, they enlist the help of film students to unearth and chronicle the experiments Nikola Tesla and other scientists were involved in with the US government, which involved testing LSD, electromagnetic energy and radiation on unsuspecting citizens. When members of the film crew end up missing, the physicists realize they may have gotten much more than what they bargained. A security guard, trapped in a run-down inner-city medical clinic, is terrorized by supernatural forces which threaten to overtake her. A woman who suffers from agoraphobia soon realizes her fear of the outside world is nothing compared to what she finds in her home. Things are about to get crazy in the small town of Cranberry Lake after a local witch and her servant botch a demon summoning accidentally unleashing a horde of demonic zombie babies. Luckily a teenage biker chick named Zipp, while on a blind date with the town nerd, discovers the true cause of recent attacks around town. Zipp suddenly finds herself in a race against time to reverse the summoning before the demonic zombie babies kill everyone in Cranberry Lake. After several years in prison, Anders is finally released. His sister Mia is looking forward for them to reconnect and rediscover their close bond. However, the past is not easy to escape and the two sibling's brutal childhood still haunts them both. Anders quickly falls back into his old destructive habits, while Mia soon discovers a much more sinister side of herself and the people around her Workaholic Jim Evers and his wife/business partner, Sara get a call one night from mansion owner, Edward Gracey wants to sell his house. Once the Evers family arrive at the mansion a butler takes them to dine with Gracey. Gracey takes one look at Sara and he thinks she's his lost lover. In order to stop a Vampire's murderous rampage; BULLITT, a paranormal investigator must find and return the BLOOD RING to its rightful owner before everyone he knows and loves is killed. An American nanny is shocked that her new English family's boy is actually a life-sized doll. After she violates a list of strict rules, disturbing events make her believe that the doll is really alive. A hotel room shootout between two assassins kicks off a long night where bodies fall like dominoes, as we follow a chain of crooked cops, gangsters, hitmen, a femme Fatale and an ex-mercenary through a relay of murder, betrayal, revenge and redemption. Five strangers are brought together in a remote part of the Middle East by a doctor who claims she can solve their shared dreams of a ferocious demon. Sam and her friends are terrorised during a party by a group of young men on a desperate hunt for something in her house. Imagine you waken to find yourself in a strange, decaying new land. Only, this new homeland is a breeding ground for the damned...evil spirits roam about, torturing the scattered few innocents hiding in it's hills. The unfortunate discover that at night, the worst of these beasts are released. This is now the existence of one Lucius Frost, a writer who uses his writing to exist in this hellish environment. A road that heads out of the hills leads through the rumored haunted highway, but the few who have trekked this path have never returned. What happened to them? On the brink of insanity, Lucius is forced to find out, accompanied by his spirit guide Aandeg. What they discover will be beyond their worst nightmares, and possibly open more doors than they wished to have found. The rumor of Slit mouth woman is blasting in LA. Claire (Lauren Taylor) sees the nightmare of her every night. She met the professor of the urban legends research and talk about the phenomenon. She finds out that the incidents are not just Slit mouth woman but the other urban legends from Japan. The professor assumes that some of the homicides are relates to Japanese Urban Legends and ghosts, which are actually happened in LA. A few days later, she scared of illusion of Japanese Urban Legends and realizes that she herself is turning into the woman. Poor Gregory, after being released from the Wishing Well Sanatorium, all he wants to do is make the children happy. So Gregory reopens the old ice cream factory, and all the unappreciative brats are reprocessed into the flavor of the day. A writer adrift in the icy slopes of Kashmir, discovers a woman with a strange and silent past. Three teens are forced to spend the night at the house on Hollow Road. They eventually learn that each one of them has been having recurring nightmares. Nightmares that could only take place in the mind of a psychopath. Dilek, a housewife suddenly starts to feel presence of something abnormal in a specific room in their house. Though her husband, Omer refuses to agree with her but situation become worse. They find out that, an ancient paranormal creature called Jinn, has cursed on Dilek. They seek for a way to cure her but instead they find out some shocking event of Dilek's early life. When her boyfriend is arrested for marijuana possession, Joleen Reedy and her 11-year-old daughter, Tara, take refuge with Joleen's aimless brother, James. Joleen soon runs off with a truck driver, and James is unable to meet his responsibilities. After Child Protective Services takes possession of Tara, James abducts her from a foster home, and the two travel from California to Utah, where his abusive father lives. An abandoned paramour tracks her lover down to a distant lighthouse. When she finds her beyond hope, she must find a way to save a child from the malignant spirit of her deceased father and the madness of her mother. Diego, Manny and Sid return in this sequel to the hit animated movie Ice Age. This time around, the deep freeze is over, and the ice-covered earth is starting to melt, which will destroy the trio's cherished valley. The impending disaster prompts them to reunite and warn all the other beasts about the desperate situation. Following the outbreak of a virus that wipes out the majority of the human population, a young woman documents her family's new life in quarantine and tries to protect her infected sister. After 300 years of seeking revenge on the Hekate Family through The Hekate Chronicles, Bertrand Guilladot's ghost, a Catholic Priest from Dijon, France in 1742, who sold his soul to the devil through witchcraft, has finally met his match. Azar Francis Hekate, today's most powerful sorcerer, feeds souls to the demon, Paymon, the master of infernal ceremonies, who lives within his wife, Sabazios. When Bertrand stumbles upon his witchery, Azar is in for the battle of his life. In Alleluia! The Devil's Carnival, Lucifer (Terrance Zdunich) incites Heaven's wrath by dispatching train cars of condemned souls a-crashin' through the pearly gates. As God (Paul Sorvino) plots to put an end to the rebellious deeds, a fable is told, and the midway gets set for a fateful reunion between God's Agent (Adam Pascal) and Hell's Painted Doll (Emilie Autumn), promising to make sinner and saint alike scream Alleluia! In-Soo (Kang Ha-Neul) has a special gift to see ghosts and has become isolated from other students because of this. He transfers to a high school in a rural area outside of Seoul. There, In-Soo meets a female ghost (Kim So-Eun) at the high school and forms a friendship with her.  Meanwhile, classmates disappear one by one. The world has been ravaged by vampires. A group of survivors band together to search for loved ones who may be alive, dead or something in between, eventually taking shelter in what may be the only safe hideout left to them. But well defended hideouts have a way of becoming prisons. And prisons aren't the safest place to be when your friends can turn on you at any time. After a family moves into an old Victorian home, they discover a chest in the attic containing antiques tainted by a malevolent spirit. As the antiques slowly possess each family member, the spirit grows stronger, hellbent on kidnapping the children. No overview found. When young and successful reporter Jamie finds out that her sister has died in mysterious circumstances, she travels to Singapore to uncover the truth. There, she discovers multiple deaths linked to her sister's and must join forces with her sister's husband in order to defeat a demonic entity that is using new technology to complete an ancient mission. A jealous mobster chases a screenwriter, who likes his friend, from New York to the Caribbean. An international group of film students finds a disturbing video clip on the dark web which seems to contain poltergeist phenomena. Agreed that it's just what they need for their latest documentary project the group travels to the sanatorium shown in the video clip. Once there, they rig up their camera equipment and start to explore the possible ghost activities - until the true horror begins. After an unprecedented global pandemic has turned the majority of humankind into violent infected beings, Morgan, a man gifted with the ability to speak the infected's new language, leads the last survivors on a hunt for patient zero and a cure. When three generations of women return to post-Soviet Europe to care for an ailing patriarch, they face a corrupt healthcare system and discover a society and a past that both links them together and sets them apart. Tribute to entertainer Cilla Black. Single father Aaron fights to save his 12-year-old hemophiliac son after becoming infected with vampire blood. When a small town near the Arizona-Mexico border is wiped out overnight, suspicion falls on the lone survivor. But a roll of photos the survivor took that night tells a different story. After X-Corp, a radical weapons manufacturer, is taken over by a Cyber Virus, a group of survivors must fight to save humanity from the army of Machines the Virus now controls. Introverted and peculiar, Mara spends her days fabricating props for movies. But her reclusive persona conceals an internal wrath. Terrified of being alone, Mara refuses to let her lovers leave, sadistically murdering them and keeping their corpses as living dolls. When she's hired by Kat, a fledgling producer, the two instantly hit it off. As their relationship grows more intense, Mara begins to lose her already fragile grip on reality. When her dolls begin demanding all of her attention, and Kat threatens to break her heart, Mara spirals into psychosis, leaving her no choice but to kill again. Based upon obviously not true events, All Hell Breaks Loose is the story of love, leather, and violence. When the Satan's Sinners, a vicious motorcycle gang from hell, kidnaps one man's bride, they bite off more than they can chew. Now the man is out to save his wife, any way he can... even if it means dying over and over again. With the help of a shit-kicking sheriff, a perverted priest, and a cowboy who just might be God, all hell is bound to break loose. The crew of a local horror movie showcase, used to broadcasting creepy stories of heinous killers, finds themselves trapped with a real killer among them. From director John Frankenheimer ('The Manchurian Candidate') comes this powerful drama of soaring ambition and shattered dreams that takes a provocative insider's look at the way our country goes to war--as seen from inside the LBJ White House leading up to and during Vietnam. Near an isolated beach on California's coast, a sinister plan is underway in a laboratory of horror. Three renegade scientists have resurrected the Frankenstein Monster. . . legendary indestructible dead man come to life. . . and they have also created a biogentically engineered half-man, half fish abomination. . . to use as secret weapons in the fight against terrorists worldwide. However, disaster strikes when the terrifying monsters chemical brainwashing fails and the entire plan goes to hell! Instead of stopping terror, these invincible monsters spread terror! The first victims. . . young people on a glamour photo shoot are attacked by the amphibious beast of evil! Rescued and held hostage by the scientists, the survivors must find a way to escape the madmen and the monsters! A teenage patient in hospice care dons a VR headset to travel on a mission to the International Space Station. Leaving behind the confines of his broken body, he embarks on a spacewalk - a profound life experience which stirs his soul. WE GO ON tells the story of one man's quest to find out if there is more out there after we die. Paralyzed by his fear of dying, Miles Grissom offers a cash reward to the first person who can show him a ghost, an angel, a demon anything that can prove that we go on after our deaths. He narrows the responses down to three viable candidates a scientist, a medium, and a worldly entrepreneur. Along with his fiercely protective mother, he embarks on an adventure that will spiral into an unthinkable nightmare. A distraught mother must cope with her embittered daughter who has the ability to cause "accidents" to happen. Elaine, a beautiful young witch, is determined to find a man to love her. In her gothic Victorian apartment she makes spells and potions, and then picks up men and seduces them. However her spells work too well, and she ends up with a string of hapless victims. When she finally meets the man of her dreams, her desperation to be loved will drive her to the brink of insanity and murder.  It's been 7 months since the outbreak, Joel and Jade now must survive the new cruel world. But it becomes more dangerous for them when they discover that they are being hunted......they must fight for their survival. When a painter rents a secluded cabin to jump start her creativity, she has sex with a ghost and finds herself part of his plan to bring itself back to life. An excommunicated Eastern Orthodox priest is the only one who can save a possessed young woman. The sadistic tale of a lonely, mentally handicapped boy who befriends his reflection in an antique mirror. This demonic creature orders him to go on a murderous rampage to kill the people he loves most. The Deadly Strands is a 2013 Chinese horror film directed by Zhao Xiaoxi. It stars Leon Dai, Zak Zhai and Kong Qianqian. The film is released in China on 5th July.  A radio talk show host and his family fall on troubled and terror-filled times when the ghost of his suicidal ex-wife finds a mysterious way to seek revenge on her cheating husband and find vindication with the children from his previous marriage. One by one strange accidents begin to occur, and bodies begin to pile up. The only common denominator between the deaths? The talk show host, his daughter, and a long beautiful wig. As the end approaches for Japan's age of military rule, the Tokugawa shogunate brings together a squad of ruthless assassins to defend its representatives in Kyoto. These men were known as the Shinsengumi. Formidable swordsmen with unswerving dedication to their cause, the Shinsengumi think nothing of slashing down their enemies...but what happens when the enemy is the undead? So fresh it still hasn't even hit the cinemas in Japan, Samurai of the Dead is an irreverent, action-packed comic mash-up where zombiecore meets the last desperate years of the way of the sword. Can and his mother Derya live an ordinary country life. But after a while his mother starts to exhibit strange behavior. Intrigued by Derya's enigmatic behavior Can begins to wonder about his mother's childhood.  Geethanjali is a 1985 Tamil Indian feature film directed by K.Rangaraj. The film stars Murali, Sathyaraj and Nalini in the lead roles. Eight young girls with the help of a rogue Vampire and a coven of Witches do battle with a horde of flesh eating Zombies. Carmilla inadvertently infects Ron, Fang, and Corey with her vampirism. Unaware of their condition, these three misfit vampires' hysterical misadventures illuminate the sudden changes in their nature. While attending a support group recommended by Dr. Acula  for what is thought to be a medical condition, the three connect back with Carmilla and learn the truth of their new existence. Cast out by Martin and the old vampires, pursued by the determined Eddie Van Helsing, Ron and Carmilla seek to maintain some humanity and lead their menage through the challenges of vampire life in the modern world. A horror storyteller discovers his story is real. A young couple gets more than they bargained for when they buy an historic bed and breakfast in New England only to discover that the old house is hiding a dark secret within its walls. A skeptical grad student and a renowned paranormal specialist investigate a potentially haunted home and the troubled woman inside whose affliction may be beyond the capacity of either of them. In this "lost slasher film from 1978," a masked killer wages an unrelenting spree of murder, cannibalism, and necrophilia. But when his tortured past comes back to haunt him, he plunges to even greater depths of madness and depravity, consuming the lives of a young woman and those she holds dear. The Thomas family goes out to their forest cabin to celebrate Christmas together with their daughter and her boyfriend. But their first festive period together may be their last... The ReZort, a post apocalyptic safari, offers paying guests the opportunity to kill zombies in the wake of an outbreak. Ted is not a zombie. Just ask him. Sure, he picked up a "skin thing" on his vacay in The Caribbean, and he's hungering for brains, but who isn't? Anyway, things are bound to get better when Ted inherits his grandpa's fortune; all he's gotta do is wait for the old man to die. In the meantime, in case things weren't strange enough, Ted follows a hot vampire into group therapy where the patients all suffer disorders of the paranormal. Yep. Things just went from weird to wacky. Five strangers - newlywed serial killers, a suicidal, depressed policemen, and two young runaways with a secret - become suspects and potential victims when a masked murderer makes its presence known in an isolated mountain town. After years of rotting in Joliet, Les, a wrongfully imprisoned street legend known as "The Ghoul", is released into a mad search through Chicago's back alleys for the man who slaughtered his mother and robbed him of his soul. Aided by mysterious benefactors, he must delve beneath the city into a modern labyrinth of gutters whose tendrils have grown deep while he was gone. What unfolds is a desperate tale of brute force tragedy set in the supernatural underworld of Chicago, where heroes are reduced to horror-shows, villains dream of their own demise, and good and evil prove to be antiquated concepts. An American family visiting their Irish roots accidentally stumbles on a horde of bloodthirsty mutant children. A science fiction thriller that takes place in 1968's Mexico and deals with identity in a metaphorical way, as the plot involves a mysterious condition that makes all persons locked inside a bus station on a rainy night to adopt the same face and features. After a terrible accident leaves a young girl disabled, five years later, the group responsible are invited to a remote manor house in the countryside for a class reunion. Little do they know, they are being targeted by a masked maniac hell bent on revenge. In a world ravaged by a rabies virus that turns people into hungry cannibals, Alice a pregnant survivor, along with two other men, struggles to reach an island unaffected by the plague. Meanwhile a dangerous man is on the trail of a mysterious girl, and Alice soon discovers that zombies are not the only threat. Samuel Salomon, a literature professor, has been off work for almost a year after the tragic death of his girlfriend. Samuel has been suffering from a recurring nightmare in which a woman is brutally murdered in a strange ritual. Suddenly, the same woman who appears every night in his dreams is found dead in exactly the same circumstances. Samuel sneaks into the crime scene and there he meets Rachel who has also dreamed about the murder. Together, they will do whatever they can to discover the identity of the mystery woman, entering a terrifying world controlled by the figures who have inspired artists throughout time: the Muses. Aram is a wearied accountant with an unbearably dull existence. With a nagging wife who berates him for not being assertive enough, and a measly paycheck, he quietly suffers while awaiting a long-deserved promotion. But there's more to Aram than his mild-mannered demeanor lets on: he has been secretly devising a scheme to finally get what he feels he is owed. One day he asserts his power menacingly when he kidnaps a schoolgirl and keeps her tied up in an abandoned warehouse. What seems like the perfect plan soon unravels into his worst nightmare, and his carefully constructed scheme comes crashing down piece by bloody piece. When a terrified family flees a desolate southern New Zealand farmhouse, two cynical scientists and a young psychic are sent to investigate their claims of a haunting. There they encounter a powerful spirit that will protect the house's secrets at all costs. Abraham and his female friend Alex have a close relationship; they share both secrets and fears. When Abraham starts going out with Anchi, he begins to distance himself from Alex, who gradually dives into a living hell where she encounters strange apparitions, nightmarish visions and extreme situations. A group of wayward teens at a wilderness boot camp must fight for their lives against the attacks of a ruthless blood-sucking alien. The attacks begin after they discover a strange "orb" in the middle of the desert. With no communication, and nowhere to hide, they realize their only chance for survival is to fight. The Emerging Past Director's Cut 2017 English Movie Heartbroken over her parents' breakup and recovering from a car accident, Jane becomes increasingly suspicious of her mother's charming new boyfriend. Jessalyn Gilsig, Jon Cor, Hannah Vandenbygaart star. With the disappearance of hack horror writer Sutter Cane, all Hell is breaking loose...literally! Author Cane, it seems, has a knack for description that really brings his evil creepy-crawlies to life. Insurance investigator John Trent is sent to investigate Cane's mysterious vanishing act and ends up in the sleepy little East Coast town of Hobb's End. Directed by Ted V. Mikels. When her seven-year-old son dies in a tragic road accident, a grieving mother, Jia En, seeks the help of her former caregiver, Mdm Seetoh, to bring back his soul so he can be always 'by her side.' However, after several strange and deadly occurrences in the house, Jia En begins to suspect that there is something amiss with the soul she has brought back. In discovering what has really happened, she unravels the horrific truth ... a truth which may cost her her life and the lives of those around her. A brief fling between a male disc jockey and an obsessed female fan takes a frightening, and perhaps even deadly turn when another woman enters the picture. A college student is injured by a malfunctioning soda machine on Highway 6. His fellow students take him to a doctor who lives in a basement bomb shelter and awaits the second coming of Elvis Presley. They can't leave, and a killer stalks them with an ax. Prostitute Roberta lives with her retarded brother and demented mother in an Argentinian rural village. Mother warns Roberta that she can have sex with almost any man in the village, except one - because then she would be killed. However, this last candidate, Sicilio, has put his sights on her. During a late night taping of "Dr. Nasty's Cavalcade of Horror", bloody chaos takes place during the screening of two features ("Dinner for Monsters" and "Slit"). Samantha/Nurse Nasty is frustrated by how the show is being run by its womanizing director and its drunk and crazy host Dr. Nasty. Hans Wagner lives in a small apartment, taking pills and drinking whiskey to fight his anxiety disorders. When he runs out of both his drugs one day, he has no choice but travel to the supermarket sober. An unexpected adventure begins . 7 nightmarish films. A brute shows a local boy hell through his haunted ax, the streets of Madison are stalked by a deranged sexual psychopath, Ed Gein is resurrected as a dentist with a penchant for extraction, the flipside of the American family screams itself to life, and an elicit drug transforms a singer into the angel of death!!! Hole in the Wall brings the nasty underbelly of life right into your home. Three stories of madness, bloodlust, and carnal havoc. When a group of teenagers decides to quench their curiosity of the mystical by breaking into the school and conjuring up a spirit, nothing could prepare them for the gruesome fight they faced ahead. In this entirely student-made sequel to the 2012 film Last Night Forever, ordinary teens must find a way to rid themselves of the spirit of the crazed serial killer responsible for the massacre the school had seen 5 years beforehand. The students must beat the regular ingredients of high school drama: Love, Gossip, Confusion and Betrayal. But unlike most, the terror-stricken students must also face enemies they've never faced before: Voodoo, Murder and SACRIFICE In a high-rise apartment young parents Alex and Mahsa live with their seven-year-old daughter Mina. Everything about the family is completely normal, uncomfortably real: Their home, their jobs, her school, the way they hold and love each other. The line between fact and fiction is blurred because THEY ARE A REAL family. Until completely normal turns into what they fear the most. Alex's injury opens the door to a malevolent force that attacks and dismantles the family one person at a time: A violent aggressor determined to prove that possession is real, unconscionably disturbing and very different from how it's depicted in the movies. Hikers find a secret grove of extra-terrestrial marijuana and must fight for their lives when they anger the other-worldly forces protecting the plants. Playboy millionaire, Tony Canoni, is caught between a satanic vampire cult and the Yakuza, but taking on undead blood suckers and the Japanese mafia isn't as hard as studying for his GED test at Night School. Based on a true story.  Except the mafia part.  We all know that there are no such things as the "Japanese". A mother and her 10-year old daughter are trapped in a forest. There is something in this forest. Something unlike anything they have heard before. Something that lurks in the darkness and it's coming after them. A supernatural thriller directed by Todd Alcott who co-wrote the script with Holly Golden, and features Michael Rady and Toby Huss. Golden produced the film along with Ilan Arboleda. The film revolves around Lucy, who has a new husband, a new home and a new baby, but old ghosts won't let her be. She has dedicated her life to helping families break the cycle of abuse, so when she and her husband, Wade, see the echoes of a violent family tragedy in their home, Lucy tries to help the tortured souls break free of their torment and move on. She finds, however, that these ghosts don't want her help -- they want to lead Lucy and her family to their doom. The Morgans, a loving yet troubled family, go on vacation with intentions to reconnect with one another. However, when their autistic 10-year-old daughter begins to fixate on a mysterious friend who may or may not be real, and retreats further into her own world, family tensions start to rise to the surface. Shortly before graduating, six drama students set off into the Swiss Alps. The aim of their excursion is to test the extent of and overcome their fears using a series of dares. They plan to stay overnight in an underground alpine bunker. As the group initially jokes about the similarity of their situation with THE BLAIR WITCH PROJECT, the game soon turns into an unpredictable trial of courage for them all. This no-budget-horror-experiment from director Stefan Jager takes us into the uncomfortable underworld of the Swiss reduit, a huge defence complex, the construction of which began before the First World War. A psychological thriller following a successful young married couple on their way to visit family. After a blowout on a desolate stretch of highway in Nevada, they head to the next town only to discover it long abandoned. Here they meet a mysterious stranger who seems to know decidedly more than he is sharing. A horror musical. Two brothers return to the cult they fled from years ago to discover that the group's beliefs may be more sane than they once thought. A happy young couple welcomes their first child shortly after getting married. Their joy quickly turns to fear when the girl starts acting strangely and unexplained phenomena start happening around the house. A small European town, where sisters Ayia and Mirra live, gets struck down by an unknown disease which takes many lives. Following their mother's death, the younger sister falls ill. Having realized that conventional medicine is useless in the face of the sister's disease, Ayia seeks help from Father Herman, a parish priest and a close family friend. In his house she finds books that are very far from the conventional religion. She gets to know that only penetration into Mirra's sick subconscious mind and discovery of the true cause of her disease will give her a chance to save her sister. Ayia is ready to go through this terrifying ritual, dive into the depths of the subconscious mind, and face the demons residing there. Drama is in fluid supply at the TV renuion of the reality tv show Ulterior Motives, but so is murder. The Reichsfuhrer-SS Heinrich Himmler was Adolf Hitler's most loyal henchman and one of the most feared men of WWII. Surprisingly, he had only one problem... He had no stomach for murder! When the Reichsfuhrer-SS becomes physically ill during the execution of Russian POW's on the Eastern front in 1941. Ruthless, careerist SS General Hans Shellenberg rats Himmler out to the Fuhrer, Adolf Hitler. Hitler tests his loyal Heinrich forcing him to commit the murder of a Polish prisoner named Danuta with his own hands. Thus awakening the Monster within him that will horrify the world for generations to come! Himmler may please his Fuhrer in 1941, but what awaits him after he commits suicide in 1945 is nothing less than Hell itself. See what happens when Himmler meets Erebus, the gatekeeper of Hell! See the nightmarish suffering that awaits the infamous Nazi leader who murdered millions! The Godfather of Gore, Herschell Gordon Lewis makes his long awaited return to the genre that he is given credit for inventing in "Herschell Gordon Lewis' BloodMania".  "BloodMania" is a horror anthology consisting of four segments. Herschell has co-written one segment and will direct two.  Each segment has its own unique style and feel, but all contain the signature gore that has come to be associated with Mr. Lewis' work.  The film is being released by Diabolique Films, the film division of the critically acclaimed Diabolique Magazine, an established leader in the horror print industry.  "Herschell Gordon Lewis' BloodMania" is Mr. Lewis' gift to his many fans, and fans of the "Splatter" genre alike.  Directed by Herschell Gordon Lewis, Kevin Littlelight and Melanie Reinboldt. Two pranksters who wreak havoc late at night in the horror ensemble "3AM" now return with their own feature-length movie.  Karan and Tee are the two business owners who worked overtime late into the night, played horror pranks on their employees, only to be scared the lives out of them by the real ghosts haunting their office. They survived that horrifying episode in "3AM" but have suffered certain aftermaths. Now Karan and Tee cannot take the elevator at night. They are paranoid and keep checking if the person working near them is human and not a ghost. But something remains the same: they still have to work overtime late into the night, and they still can't help pulling the legs of their employees with their latest tricks. Arter a tourist disappears inside a mine in Guanajuato, Mat Medina a young expert in mine engineering is hired to make a security diagnostic in the mines of a big company. A group of employees are stuck on the 8th floor of an office building, and it is up to firefighter Ray to find a way to bring them to safety. Unsure of their fate, and with too much to lose, these men must fight to keep each other alive as they hunt for a way out from this deadly inferno. Alien seeds hitch a ride to earth in a space shuttle crew and begin to grow. When their numbers reach the Threshold amount they will be an unstoppable swarm. Failed architect, engineer and vicious murderer Jack narrates the details of some of his most elaborately orchestrated crimes, each of them a towering piece of art that defines his life's work as a serial killer for twelve years. Years after having her newborn child stolen from her, Sam searches a world infested with infected users from the Social Redroom website. After befriending a young girl named Bean, Sam is captured and locked in a facility dedicated to finding a cure for the Redroom Virus. Trapped and tortured, Sam tries to escape the facility before an impending update on the Redroom site hits 100% and unleashes its final phase of the attack. The sequel to the hit anthology film: Four chilling stories tied together by one man traveling through the terrifying land known as The Terrortory. Featuring monsters from the first film--The Midnight Clown and Smiling Jack--as well as all-new creatures. Selina is a girl who has a sixth sense and can see another world. Mercedes' fantasy turns into a nightmare. Juan's greatest fear takes the shape of a strange man entering his house. The city has fallen into chaos and anarchy, so it's going to be difficult to get some ice for the drinks; but tonight, Mercedes is an object of desire to men, so nothing else matters. A group of grad students have booked passage on the fishing trawler Harbinger to study the effects of global warming on a pod of Orcas in the Bering Sea. When the ship's crew dredges up a recently thawed piece of old Soviet space wreckage, things get downright deadly. It seems that the Russians experimented with tardigrades, tiny resilient animals able to withstand the extremes of space radiation. The creatures survived, but not without mutation. Now the crew is exposed to aggressively mutating organisms. And after being locked in ice for 3 decades, the creatures aren't about to give up the warmth of human companionship. Heaven is a beautiful, clean suburban paradise as long as they follow one simple rule: DO NOT communicate with "The Evil One" that dwells on the other side of a giant wall that circles the town. One day after chasing one he discovers a talking kitten with a broken leg a small child crawls through a hole in the wall and meets the Evil One, who attempts to teach him the forbidden knowledge that was previously hidden from them all. A homeless man (Kevin Kenny) begins a killing spree on the streets of New York City. Completely deranged and barely aware of his own identity, he makes little attempt at concealing his actions. But in a city with 50,000 homeless citizens, our killer finds himself effortlessly camouflaged.  Steel yourself for a non-stop onslaught of violence and disgusting imagery. Blending horror, drama, and dark comedy, Crazy Murder is a disaster film at its core - featuring a tornado of death, a tsunami of blood, and a volcano of faeces. Following the journey of an Evangelical minister trying to find the courage to preach about the growing toll of gun violence in America. Reverend Rob Schenck, anti-abortion activist and fixture on the political far right, breaks with orthodoxy by questioning whether being pro-gun is consistent with being pro-life. Though no one can see him, Hollow Face lurks in the corners, desperately desiring love but only knowing how to spread fear and hate. He creeps into the life of John Farrow after Farrow's beloved 13-year-old daughter Mia is assaulted in their home. The line between the real and the imaginary blurs as fissures start to open within the family unit. It seems that no security measure can keep Hollow Face out. A group of college students join their teacher for a weekend of filming for extra credit. Documenting the local Hell House that's haunted by the family who were murdered there. Little do they know they would be trying to survive the night. Aranmanai is about a family that wants to sell their ancestral home. The supernatural elements they discover there in the aranmanai (palace) lead to some bone-chilling moments. A hardware store employee's first night on the job is disrupted by the discovery of a dead body and a duffel bag full of cash. In the Australian Outback, two brothers discover old secrets and family lies. As their friends start to go missing they fear they are being stalked by someone or something from their worst nightmares - But is it just - A story? A legend? A hoax? Or is it real? From the director of the highly acclaimed "Body Chemistry," comes a frightening excursion into terror. Alex is caught in a web of distrust between his brother, his best friend, a beautiful stranger and the renewed dreams of the slaughter of his family. Every town has a devil. For the small community of Braxton, that devil is Tommy Miller. A bullied and tormented teen who finally snapped, killing his friends and family at the annual Braxton town hall party, Miller escaped into the woods, never to be seen or heard from again. Until now. Ten years later, a group of fresh-faced teens find themselves targeted by a masked man in a hooded cloak. It's up to Detective Ryan Fenton and his fish-out-of-water partner to protect the town from Miller's clutches; there's just one issue - Ryan himself is a survivor of the original massacre. Is Miller opening up a new chapter, or has he returned to attend to some unfinished business? A celebrity-obsessed teen seeking fame and fortune via viral videos finds a Satanic documentary that leads him to a world of pure evil. In a small town, a serial killer mutilates the bodies of his victims and leaves a flower on the corpses. The sheriff and his wife/deputy investigate the murders while trying to keep from alarming the citizens. They team up with an autistic hound dog trainer to try to track the killer. Based on chilling real life events, this story charts one couple's terrifying real life encounter with the dark forces of the supernatural. In 1930, Reverend Lionel Foyster and his wife Marianne move into the Borley Rectory when Reverend Foyster is named rector of the parish. The couple's peaceful existence is soon shattered by a series of unexplained occurrences which quickly escalate into a heart stopping nightmare. Now Reverend Foyster and Marianne must discover the deadly secrets of the Rectory to avoid becoming another tragic footnote in the dark history of The Most Haunted House In England. The year is 1943. An all-female and top-secret department of the SS, run by the notorious Gisela Nussbaum in a secret Gestapo headquarters, conducts medical and biotechnolocical experiments with blood from Norwegian resistance fighters, which is said to hold the key to the Norwegians' unwavering unity and courage. A young man falls in love with a seductive, sultry, young woman he meets on the beach. The more he falls for her, the more he will learn the dangers of falling in love with a siren. On an isolated island, a small group of people are terrorized by giant voracious shrews in the midst of a hurricane. A rock band gets stuck on a haunted farm while visiting its lead singer's family.  This historical and critical look at slasher films, which includes dozens of clips, begins with Halloween, Friday the 13th, and Prom Night. The films' directors, writers, producers, and special effects creators comment on the films' making and success. During the Reagan years, the films get gorier, budgets get smaller, and their appeal wanes. Then, Nightmare on Elm Street revives the genre. Jump to the late 90s, when Scream brings humor and TV stars into the mix. 18-year old Jesse Winters, also know as The Butcher, was put to death in Louisiana for committing 23 grisly murders. There was no doubt that he was killer, the question was why? His mother, Kate, claimed that Jesse was possessed by a demon that drove him to fiendish brutality. Now, for the first time on film, Kate will attempt to prove her theories and clear her son's name by inviting a demon to invade her body. Sit back and prepare to watch the unimaginable. That screaming you hear? It's probably your own. The services of shark killer have been engaged by his brother Jake, the head of a West Coast crime ring. The gig: kill the black-finned shark that swallowed a valuable diamond during a gang transaction. An entry-level employee at a powerful corporation finds himself occupying a corner office, but at a dangerous price--he must spy on his boss's old mentor to secure for him a multi-billion dollar advantage. A young filmmaker documents his ghost-hunting, reality show friends as their routine investigation of an abandoned orphanage turns into a nightmare from which they can't escape. Los Reyes County, Arizona. Leland, a retired lawman, works with Wallace, the new sheriff who replaces him, when a vicious hit man, sent by a Mexican drug cartel, threatens their border small town. This historical and critical look at slasher films, which includes dozens of clips, begins with Halloween, Friday the 13th, and Prom Night. The films' directors, writers, producers, and special effects creators comment on the films' making and success. During the Reagan years, the films get gorier, budgets get smaller, and their appeal wanes. Then, Nightmare on Elm Street revives the genre. Jump to the late 90s, when Scream brings humor and TV stars into the mix. A group of rich college brats conspire to play a prank on Jimmy Fisher, the school nerd. But when Jimmy ends up unconscious, the co-eds leave him and head out to a party. What they don't realize is that, when Jimmy wakes up, the evil inside of him triggers and he sets out for revenge as he offs his tormentors in some very original ways: exploding cigarettes, beer bottles, mops, spiked frat paddles and more. Four girls go to a cabin in the woods, which is inhabited by evil. This cabin then ensnares them in a labyrinth of macabre as they must battle their way out. The story centers on a young couple on a road trip through the Irish countryside who encounter an ancient force of evil. When three college students move into an old house off campus, they unwittingly unleash a supernatural entity known as The Bye Bye Man, who comes to prey upon them once they discover his name. The friends must try to save each other, all the while keeping The Bye Bye Man's existence a secret to save others from the same deadly fate. When six college kids in a sleepy Southern town are assigned a group project to rediscover a moment in history, one of them sets in motion a horrific fate when he proposes they head into the Georgia backwoods to tackle the legend of Emily Burt, the Talbot County werewolf. 6 passengers board the last bus, anxious to reach their destination. But fate has other plans for them. Shock, anxiety, deceit, anger, frustration, fear takes over this unexpected journey that twists and turns into a nightmare. An aimless teenager on the outer edges of Brooklyn struggles to escape his bleak home life and navigate questions of self-identity, as he balances his time between his delinquent friends, a potential new girlfriend, and older men he meets online.  After being diagnosed with Dementia, an elderly war veteran is forced by his estranged family to hire a live-in nurse, only to find she harbors a sinister secret. A group of career criminals finds itself trapped in a warehouse with the law - and an Attack Dog named DeNiro closing in. While on a fourth of July holiday, six best friends fall victim to the insidious plan of a terrorist organization when they unknowingly take a bio-active drug that transforms them into bloodthirsty cannibals. It has been three months since Nott become full of sadness and suffering like he has never been. It's because that one night which cause him to lose Pla his beloved girlfriend in the motorcycle accident. He wants to forget but cannot, his hear is full of guilt and sorrow and almost burst with grief. The only way for him to get through this is to meet Pla again in her afterlife, so he tries to find a way to see ghost. A psychotic clown hosts an anthology of loathsome tales with an uncommon theme....... Love. August T. Harrison, private eye, comes out of retirement to solve a bizarre missing persons case, but finds himself caught in the middle of a dark conspiracy involving the writings of H.P. Lovecraft. Five students trap themselves in the basement of their high school during an all-out assault on students and faculty, all at the hands of one disturbed student geared with guns and explosives. Angels with Tethered Wings is an unusual, quirky and erotic three-part drama - a back-from-the-grave revenge flick about hope and forgiveness! The film follows what happens when a good man does a bad thing for a good reason. He tries to right a wrong by freeing two young lovers but instead forever entraps them to their mortal coils. In the end their collective love for each other will give an almost perfect stranger the wings to fly. Former buffalo hunter and entrepreneur Wyatt Earp arrives in the lawless cattle town of Wichita Kansas. His skill as a gun-fighter make him a perfect candidate for Marshal but he refuses the job until he feels morally obligated to bring law and order to this wild town. In 1950, amidst the ravages of the Korean War, Sergeant Suleyman stumbles upon a a half-frozen little girl, with no parents and no help in sight. Frantic, scared and on the verge of death, this little girl captures the heart of Suleyman, who risks his own life to save her, smuggling her into his Army base and out of harms way. Not knowing her name and unable to communicate with her, Suleyman names her Ayla, in reminiscence of the moon on the fateful night during which they met. The two form an instantaneous and inseparable bond, and Ayla, almost effortlessly, brings an uncanny joy to the Turkish brigade in the grip of war. As the war comes to a close however, Suleyman's brigade is told that they will be returning home. Suleyman cannot bear abandoning Ayla, and does everything within his power to take her with him. After repeated failure, he is forced to give Ayla to an orphanage, but doesn't give up on the hope of one day reuniting with her. Will the two ever get back together? At a writers' retreat on an isolated island, novelist Zandra joins a group of strangers confronting their darkest secrets. But when a member of the party mysteriously disappears, they realize there's something else on the island.  A crew from a paranormal reality television show lock themselves in a haunted psychiatric hospital. They search for evidence of paranormal activity as they shoot what ends up becoming their final episode.  An ex-cop tracks a serial killer he thinks might be a vampire. An unmarried woman becomes convinced she's being attacked by a demonic entity after her carefully cultivated life collapses around her. The story of Sri Prem Baba, spiritual master and humanitarian leader with followers around the world, begins when a 14-year-old from Sao Paulo, Brazil, had a vision that said: 'go to Rishikeshi, India'. This story is delightfully told by himself leading us through the odyssey that would turn an ordinary boy into Prem Baba. Memories of friends, admirers and followers take us along the paths of the prosperous therapist who sank into a deep existential crisis and finally found India, where he would devote himself, after much debate, to his master and his destiny. A rich journey of enlightenment that brings us precious reflections on the meaning of life and the role of each one on this planet. Nail-biting stunts abound in this documentary, which includes video of some true daredevils. This episode includes the only footage of a B.A.S.E. (Building, Antennae, Span, Earth) leap from New York City's World Trade Center. Also featured are men riding giant logs down a mountain, a woman with no safety line on an airplane wing and the tragic result when a group of friends jumps from a Florida bridge and their cable snaps.  When his term limit comes up, Lucifer, the original Devil, must turn the reigns of Hell over to James Burnett. But Burnett has new plans for Hell that includes changing its' image and relocation. He enlists his Advocate, Richard Cooper and his beautiful sidekick Tori to find a new home for the damned. After an extensive search, they settle on New Jersey. As construction begins, James implements his plan to gather as many souls as possible so he can challenge the Kingdom. Meanwhile, Lucifer, with his wife Eve and Advocate Judas have arrived in Jersey to put an end to James' plans. After several failed attempts to stop him, Lucifer turns to a higher power for help. On vacation at a remote lake house, a mother and her two young daughters must fight for survival after falling into a terrifying and bizarre nightmare conceived by a psychopath. When Nancy is surfing on a secluded beach, she finds herself on the feeding ground of a great white shark. Though she is stranded only 200 yards from shore, survival proves to be the ultimate test of wills, requiring all of Nancy's ingenuity, resourcefulness, and fortitude. Two brothers, desperate to break into the world of television and film, decide to enter a horror movie contest. And what could be more horrifying than the elusive snuff film? "Romeo's Distress" is a Weird, Shakespearean, Gothic, Horror-Thriller that tells a story of a boy name James, his unrequited love for a girl named Jane, and her father's sadistic (yet dutiful) response to it all. Slaking a thirst for dangerous games, Kathryn challenges her stepbrother, Sebastian, to deflower their headmaster's daughter before the summer ends. If he succeeds, the prize is the chance to bed Kathryn. But if he loses, Kathryn will claim his most prized possession. One man with a murderous rampage is set out to kill the one person who he blames for the accidental death of his wife and child. Based off of true events, Within Madness follows the video diary of Donovan Summers, a personal trainer who tells his story through his videos. On the way Donovan starts to become obsessed with a customer at his gym which leads him down a dark road of obsession taking him to lengths of unimaginable self destruction. Within Madness is a dark tale of a man lost in his own desires and the consequences of what happens when all hope is gone. A punk rock band becomes trapped in a secluded venue after finding a scene of violence. For what they saw, the band themselves become targets of violence from a gang of white power skinheads, who want to eliminate all evidence of the crime. A giant bloodthirsty Easter bunny starts viciously killing the local townsfolk. When the Mayor refuses to act and the attacks grow more gruesome, the town finds its very survival in the hands of a wannabe actress and a crazy dog-catcher. The inept cast and crew of a surprise hit reality-TV show travel deep into the Adirondack mountains for their second season to find proof that Bigfoot exists. Any remaining skepticism they have is ripped to pieces. Tales of mischief, love and marriage amidst rural workers in Poland. A classic werewolf flick with an amphibious twist; it's a race against time to find the antidote when a girl is attacked and infected by an amphibious monster. Having developed an uncontrollable obsession with the beautiful young Rudy (Michelle Tomlinson), crazed serial killer Herman (James DuMont) kidnaps her and locks her in a cage in his basement. The only way for Rudy to survive this nightmare is to outsmart her psychopathic tormentor. But Herman has experience on his side: He's entrapped and tortured other women before, playing sick and twisted mind games with his frightened victims. An emerging journalist (Jesse Eisenberg), an experienced cameraman (Terrence Howard), and a discredited reporter (Richard Gere) find their bold plan to capture Bosnia's top war criminal quickly spiraling out of control when a UN representative mistakes them for a CIA hit squad in a light-hearted thriller inspired by Scott Anderson's popular Esquire article. The Weinstein Company provides stateside Anna leaves Athens to live with her boyfriend in Glasgow: a new life that triggers traumatic memories. But as it descends into violent paranoia, Anna realizes that one of her new co-workers holds the key to her past in Greece. A group of kids must protect their vacation home from invading aliens. Michael is a basically decent guy with a pregnant girlfriend, great friends - and one massive drug problem. Because he missed his own Las Vegas bachelor party being too stoned, his four besties decide to kidnap him for a weekend of roughing it in the California wilderness. Caught off guard by this surprise camping trip and his nose candy supply dwindling, Michael is shocked when his buddies start being ritually murdered one by one. Suspecting it's the vicious drug dealer he cheated getting bloody revenge, Michael's life swirls out of all control as the real truth is revealed. Something strange is going on in the suburbs of Lattermill. Is Eve McCallister being stalked by a loner called Charlie Rosewood or is there a more reasonable explanation? Who's living in the empty house next door? Has Eve's husband Jeff been murdered in Hong Kong? What has really happened to Eve's good luck pendant? How do so many strangers know about her attack after a school Halloween party? All of these questions will soon be answered... Two schoolboy delinquents learn a lesson that they will never forget when a teacher at the end of his tether decides to abduct them. The Return Of Sardaarji is a 2016 Punjabi film directed by Rohit Jugraj and starring Diljit Dosanjh and Sonam Bajwa in lead roles,The film will be released on 24 June 2016. Alex is a man with everything - the well-paid executive job, the impressive house in the country and the beautiful wife and child. When he inexplicably decides to leave work early one Friday nothing will ever be the same again. Within hours of his return a cataclysmic storm threatens to destroy everything around them. After a car accident and stranded in the middle of nowhere, an ex-con and his daughter find themselves in an abandoned hotel, populated by sub-human cannibalistic creatures. In towns, cities and countries around the world, the dead walk among the living. They are harmless. Eric Shepherd protects the dead. But, the time has come for the dead and the living to part ways. The first wave of an alien invasion coincides with a New Years Eve party in a Welsh valley. Four criminals attempt the unthinkable -- ransoming the corpse of a dead child back to the family. But things take an even darker turn when they find an old spirit board at the cabin they are using for a hide-out. A psychological horror about a young woman coping with an unwanted pregnancy after moving into a seemingly haunted house. Dr Henry Frankenstein is obsessed with assembling a living being from parts of several exhumed corpses. Following the tragic death of her parents Fawn Harriman discovers she has inherited a theatre in the town of Amityville. She, along with 3 friends, decides to spend the weekend there looking the place over. Meanwhile one of her High School teachers begins an investigation into the village's past and makes a connection with something that goes back beyond recorded history. Oliver is a writer whose personal life was marked by a sinister childhood encounter: his sexual awakening at the hands of a dead girl. When Oliver's path crosses Laura's, an enigmatic girl seeking refuge as she tries to recover her memories, destroyed in an apparent suicide attempt, dark secrets threaten to destroy them both. Kadin sets out to face his fears after his sister Avery, mysteriously disappears two years ago from a birthday party near the Oregon National Forest. After suffering from depression, he decides to camp deep in the woods for one night to prove to himself that the world is not a dangerous place. Kadin soon finds out the woods hold many secrets that may lead to the truth about his sister. The swinging London, early sixties. Beautiful but shallow, Diana Scott is a professional advertising model, a failed actress, a vocationally bored woman, who toys with the affections of several men while gaining fame and fortune. Boochamma Boochodu is a 2014 Sleeper Hit Telugu Horror-Comedy film directed by Rewan Yadu. The film features a honeymooning couple, Karthik (Shivaji) and Sravani (Kainaaz Motiwala),in their new farm house are punctuated by an aberration - ominous signs of the palatial house. The mysterious of the terrorizing spirits form the storyline. Supporting cast include comedians Brahmanandam, Vennela Kishore, Posani Krishna Murali, Venu, Tagubothu Ramesh, Dhanraj and Chammak Chandra. Fate of a short film crew vs burglar crew who just robbed a bank. Charlie Simms is a student at a private preparatory school who comes from a poor family. To earn the money for his flight home to Gresham, Oregon for Christmas, Charlie takes a job over Thanksgiving looking after retired U.S. Army officer Lieutenant Colonel Frank Slade, a cantankerous middle-aged man who lives with his niece and her family. When Belinda heads back to her hometown for the holidays, things get complicated when she is forced to team up with her ex at the town's annual Christmas scavenger hunt. Two years after choosing not to kill the man who killed his son, former police sergeant Leo Barnes has become head of security for Senator Charlene Roan, the front runner in the next Presidential election due to her vow to eliminate the Purge. On the night of what should be the final Purge, a betrayal from within the government forces Barnes and Roan out onto the street where they must fight to survive the night. A young woman's faith is put to the ultimate test when she is forced to uncover the truth behind her husband's horrific visions. Deadly evil forces hunt four curious and ambitious teenagers who stole a black magic manuscript from a witchcrafter who wants it back. Three inept night watchmen, aided by a young rookie and a fearless tabloid journalist, fight an epic battle to save their lives. A mistaken warehouse delivery unleashes a horde of hungry vampires, and these unlikely heroes must not only save themselves but also stop the scourge that threatens to take over the city of Baltimore. In the summer of 2013, a community theatre group from Albuquerque, NM decided to stage a production of William Shakespeare's "A Midsummer Night's Dream." Since the majority of the play takes place in an enchanted forest, the troupe thought it would be a good idea to rehearse in the woods. So they rented a cabin... In the woods... They never returned. Early short film by director Michael Reeves, where two young men break into a house and terrorise the woman who ives there. Handpainted short Suspecting that people around him are turning into evil creatures, a troubled man questions whether to protect his only friend from an impending war, or from himself. Combining a family vacation with business, Walter Richmond (William Hurt) takes his wife (Jennifer Tilly) and their 10-year-old, mute daughter, Melissa (Francesca Brown), to the Netherlands -- where Melissa inadvertently witnesses a murder. Unable to tell anyone what she's seen, the frightened girl vanishes in an attempt to elude the killers. Meanwhile, her parents try desperately to piece together the puzzle leading to Melissa's disappearance.  An anthology of horror shorts presented by Dr. Fry. Three journalism students decide to follow the steps of the "Montblanc Monster", an assassin who killed 17 girls and hasn't been found yet by the police, and record everything to make a report as their final year project. Dora, a girl who has spent most of her life exploring the jungle with her parents, now must navigate her most dangerous adventure yet: high school. Always the explorer, Dora quickly finds herself leading Boots (her best friend, a monkey), Diego, and a rag tag group of teens on an adventure to save her parents and solve the impossible mystery behind a lost Inca civilization. In this fast-paced, noirish road movie, a computer expert embezzles half a million dollars and races off to Reno to start anew. Unfortunately, en route, he picks up a pair of hitchers and ends up entangled with a crazed couple who commandeer his car and leave him alone in the desert to die. As soon as he can, he hits the road to get revenge and to find his money before they do.  Death Is Here 3 Set in the WWII it tells the story of a bunch of american soldiers fighting against a horde of zombies created by the Nazis using the prisoners of the camps... They have only one night to save their own lives but the enemy is stronger and stronger... Thomas Kaiser inherits an ancestral mansion that has been in his family for generations -- only to learn that he has also inherited an ancient curse stemming back to the Crusades. Forced into his new role as "protector" -- the guardian appointed to keep the evil demons in the house at bay -- Thomas teams with an ambitious local realtor and paranormal cleric to unravel the mystery of the house, while struggling to awaken the beautiful Briar Rose, held captive in a terrifying netherworld seen previously in his dreams.  Four friends head out into the desert for a weekend camping trip in the abandoned mining town of Wonder Valley. As the secrets of the empty town begin to be revealed, they'll be lucky to make it out alive. Brothers Tom and Vernon stumble into an abandoned building for shelter, entering a hellish world of shadows and nightmares that would change their lives forever. Trapped and psychologically tortured by unseen forces, the brothers descend into a vortex of madness dominated and controlled by demon succubi and paranormal entities for one sole purpose... to re-awaken the Anti Christ. A novelist with writer's block reaches into the supernatural for inspiration. One hellish night for two rock n' roll scoundrels as their past catches up to them in the form of a seductive groupie... with a contract signed in their own blood -- selling their souls for fame and fortune -- whose payment has come due. The swinging London, early sixties. Beautiful but shallow, Diana Scott is a professional advertising model, a failed actress, a vocationally bored woman, who toys with the affections of several men while gaining fame and fortune. Three friends from California are filming an audition tape for an extreme reality game show. They document their journey to Australia where they will be doing their most dangerous activity.... Shark Cage Diving. A catastrophic turn of events leaves them in baited water full of Great White Sharks, turning their recording into a blood chilling diary of survival... and death. Two victims are graphically tortured in this American reimagining of the popular underground Japanese film series. As mass hysteria breaks-out over an alleged demonic possession in an Indiana home, referred to as a "Portal to Hell," Ghost Adventures host and paranormal investigator Zak Bagans buys the house, sight unseen, over the phone. He and his crew then become the next victims of the most documented case of demonic possession in US history... the "house of 200 demons. Sandra, a private investigator on maternity leave is disturbed by Jenny, her own assistant to meet Olga, a Russian expat whose son is missing. Little do they know that they will have to venture into one of the most sinister stories that a little island like Malta has to tell. Kurt, Olga's son, is not the only person missing. A mysterious man is breeding worms inside their bodies, the most atrocious way. A woman moves from NYC to LA after a murder, in which she is implicated. She is followed by what is apparently her evil alter- ego. She moves into a room for rent by a writer, and he begins having an affair with her, but after some strange things happen, he's not so sure if the affair is with her or her doppelganger. El Alambrista Mexican wrestler and defender of migrants uncovers a terrifying plot that turns bordering crossing migrants into monsters. A tough vigilante, Roy Willcox, played by WWE superstar Jake the Snake Roberts, is terrorizing migrant trying to cross the border. Willcox's mistreatment of the migrants along the US-Mexico border brings him face to mask with El Alambrista, the people's luchador. While trying to help the migrants being targeted by Willcox, our hero uncovers a terrifying plot to exploit the already forgotten border crossers. An evil lurks in the hidden canyons and concealed migrant trails of the border lands - Dr. Deralius, a man seeking revenge upon the migrant workers for a horrible accident that left him paralyzed. Also fighting Mexican wrestlers from his past.  A demon (Succubus) wreaks havoc on a U.S city. Lilith, Adams first wife according to Jewish mysticism seeks revenge against all of God's creation. God expelled Lilith from the Garden of Eden because of her refusal to obey Adam, the man. Scorned she returns present day with a vengeance against man and his offspring. A troubled yet loving family man on a solo adventure deep in the wilderness has a gruesome accident and is the only witness to an unspeakable horror that forces him to fight for his life against a mysterious killer. A married couple buy their dream house, or so they thought. A powerful spirit force, foreign even to the paranormal experts that are hired, turns this dream into a nightmare in a hurry. A nursing student encounters strange occurrences around the dorm where she's staying. She enlists of another student to unravel the mystery of the dormitory. It all begins with an anonymous text message with a party invitation. A dozen young men and women gather, eat, drink, party, and have the time of their lives inside the doors of a dilapidated mansion -- that is, until it's time to go. The front door doesn't open; the back door doesn't open. Sensing evil, a haunted house tour guide seeks a medium's help only to be warned that she is facing a vengeful power beyond her control. The story of nobleman-turned-outlaw hero who was was crowned king of Scots in the 14th century. Adult film starlet Vixen Velvet wants to be a real actress - she gets her chance when the remote town she's filming in finds itself in the grip of a zombie apocalypse. 1976: Two young journalists leave for the French-Swiss border to investigate a strange case of cattle mutilations and record testimonies for a TV channel. Yet, once they get there, the scientific team they were supposed to meet has gone missing. Escorted by a first-aider, a British biologist and an American forensic investigator, Melissa and David will go looking for the missing team deep into the mountains. When Gretel falls under a dark spell and organizes a coven of witches, Hansel must find the courage to fight his twin sister and the sinister forces controlling her. A serial killer is purposely released from an asylum for the criminally insane so that he can continue his rampage. Hiroya Munakata (Sho Aikawa) is the leader of the yakuza group Munakata-gumi. After 10 years since the big fight, Hiroya Munakata's non blood-related younger brother Takashi (Shingo Tsurumi) is released from prison, but Takashi's daughter, Hyuga (Maika Yamamoto) says she does not want to meet her father and runs away from home.  Hiroya, Takashi and Hiroya's subordinate Shinya (Red Rice) go to Zeni Island where Hyuga is headed to. Something they never expected is waiting for them. Mr. Choade, the director of The House of Choade, a Grand Guignol theatre, has made an evil bargain with the Medicine Man, who has promised to help him make an artistic leap. A young girl, Linda, who has just been released from a mental hospital, gets a job performing at the House of Choade and becomes embroiled in these machinations. Linda's ex-girlfriend Roxy re-connects with her and attempts to save her. This film, a dark comedy by first time director James Habacker, was shot in Manhattan and features many luminaries from the downtown performance art scene centered around the Slipper Room. Two young women terrorized by a group of small town psychos seek revenge on their tormentors.  A couple of master thieves find themselves trapped within a house they intended to rob, only to discover they've inadvertently wandered into the lair of a deranged serial killer.  Middle-aged suburban husband Richard abruptly tells his wife, Maria, that he wants a divorce. As Richard takes up with a younger woman, Maria enjoys a night on the town with her friends and meets a younger man. As the couple and those around them confront a seemingly futile search for what they've lost -- love, excitement, passion -- this classic American independent film explores themes of aging and alienation. It seems that Beverly Shaw has caught the eye of the installation technician Bryan Connor. And he is willing to do whatever it takes to make his message loud and clear. Whether Beverly wants him or not, it doesn't matter; At this point, it seems like this installation service may come with a severe deadly price. A runaway girl stays in a love motel down the street from her house to avoid an escalating confrontation with her parents, whom she has a generational gap, cultural gap, and previous trauma with; during her one night stay in the hotel, she redefines her perception of love and what being a family truly means. When Carlton Layton arrives home to find his wife in the arms of another man, he dons the outfit he wears as a children's entertainer and slaughters them both, fleeing into the night. Five years later, Carley Lewis is asked to babysit on Halloween night whilst the child's parents go out to a party. But someone wants the child. Someone we know only as "The Cleaver". After the accidental death of a massage client (that looks like a murder) and through a bizarre set of circumstances, two young men become serial killers for profit. A minor celebrity and her husband head out on the road to investigate the most haunted house in America for their very own reality show, but upon arriving at the Devil's Commune things become worse than they could have ever imagined. They wanted fame, they found HELL. The Unbidden is a thriller about four women confronted by a mysterious young man who knows a dark secret from their past. In New York, Felix, a neurotic news writer who just broke up with his wife, is urged by his chaotic friend Oscar, a sports journalist, to move in with him, but their lifestyles are as different as night and day are, so Felix's ideas about housekeeping soon begin to irritate Oscar. T'yanak is the story of Julie's adopted baby who transforms into a monster and terrorizes their quiet town of Putting Bato with a series of brutal murders, including the wife of townsman who gets wrongly imprisoned for T'yanak's crime. Bacao is about the torment of a young wife, Mayet, struggling to become pregnant. As their village is in the midst of a corn bountiful harvest, their sensual partnership also flourishes, though it is paradoxically fruitless. Mayet's anxiety and paranoia grows as pregnancy evades her. To what extent will Mayet go to fulfill her desire of having a child? Hukluban examines the plight of the cursed woman, Mira, over the span of three eras over six generations and her search for true love and a man. About an investigation into possible murder of a battered wife whose husband is well known. In the harsh, yet beautiful Australian outback lives a beast, an animal of staggering size, with a ruthless, driving need for blood and destruction. It cares for none, defends its territory with brutal force, and kills with a raw, animalistic savagery unlike any have seen before. When a beautiful bride-to-be is bitten by the legendary creature, Bigfoot, she becomes a brutal force of nature hellbent on breaking her engagement - and her fiance. A group of teens break into a blind man's home thinking they'll get away with the perfect crime. They're wrong. Some of the most heinous crimes Investigated... Inspired by old school anthology horror films like "Tales From The Crypt", "Creepshow", and "Tales From the Darkside The Movie", as well as creepy episodic television such as "The Twilight Zone" and "Alfred Hitchcock Presents", Heinous Acts is a modern twist on short subject horror stories combined into one non-stop nail-biting feature film. A small town police force has investigated some of the most unspeakable crimes imaginable. When the department's file clerk breaks into the evidence room to show the files to a new employee she is completely unprepared for the depravity that follows Thrown together under incredible circumstances, two strangers must discover courage and strength when they begin a journey across the treacherous African desert! Equipped only with their wits and the expertise of a native bushman who befriends them, they are determined to triumph over impossible odds and reach their destination. But along the way, the trio face a primitive desert wilderness. The First French Found Footage Horror Anthology. A documentary investigation on the rarest and most controversial French movie in the history of early cinema: a fascinating, lost and dangerous short film which causes violent reactions to those who watch it. Two fugitives land in hot water when they take a hostage who poses a threat to their well-being. Ten stories from horror's top directors. Ghosts, ghouls, monsters, and the devil delight in terrorizing unsuspecting residents of a suburban neighborhood on Halloween night. This creepy anthology combines classic Halloween tales with the stuff of nightmares. Four teens spending the summer as camp counselors are thrust into danger with a bunch of Redneck Cannibals all because of a bee sting. A group of former classmates gather for a pre-party at one of their homes the night before their 10-year high school reunion, and one by one, they are brutally slain in a manner befitting each's senior yearbook superlative. Legendary performer Judy Garland arrives in London in the winter of 1968 to perform a series of sold-out concerts. An annual hunting trip for four longtime friends turns into a backwoods nightmare when they run into a group of devout locals deep inside the Pacific Northwest. As tension mounts between the two groups, the men become caught in a vicious game of cat and mouse while struggling to deal with their own personal demons and growing distrust among each other in this pulse-pounding action thriller. Money. Sex. Power. They're all a part of My Boo, the latest terrifying, sizzling, action-packed erotic thriller from acclaimed filmmaker and multi-media artist Erica D Hayes. When a mysterious stranger (Revon Yousif) moves to Detroit to get a new lease on life, he receives a warm welcome from his new neighbor across the hall (Ashlee McLemore). But what she doesn't realize is that he is actually an old classmate with a chip on his shoulder, and his arrival sets off a deadly game of obsession and seduction. She begins to receive strange, threatening phone calls and finds hidden cameras throughout her apartment, and discovers that someone is watching--a voyeur who knows her most intimate secrets and deepest desires. As she gets closer and closer to this disturbing revelation, secrets about her own dark past are awakened, and as the danger mounts and begins to threaten those around her, she comes to the realization that... some high school crushes never die. The story is inspired by true stories from The Ocala National Forest of how multiple Campers and Hikers Have vanished without a trace. Man's best friend becomes his worst nightmare when a horde of bloodthirsty wild dogs descends upon a family's farmhouse in a fang-bearing fight for survival. For Millennia the Aliien force has watched and waited, a brooding menace that has now at last decided to take over the Earth. Communications systems worldwide are sent into chaos by a strange atmospheric interference and this has turned into a global phenomenon. A massive spaceship headed towards Earth and smaller spaceships began to cover entire cities around the world. Suddenly, the wonder turns into horror as the spaceships destroy the cities with energy weapons. When the world counterattacks, the alien ships are invincible to military weapons.  The survivors have to use their wits to kill the aliens, or die. While driving along the Quezon Province's famed Old Maharlika Highway, which has been referred to as "Bitukang Manok" because of its sharp curves, three groups of strangers find themselves isolated and trapped by mysterious forces. Here, surrounded by a menacing forest, they must confront their psychological demons as they spiral down deeper into their neurosis. The army of the Marauders, led by by King Terak and the witch Charal attack the Ewoks village. The parents and the brother of Cindel all die in this attack. Cindel and the Ewok Wicket escape and in a forrest they meet Teek a naughty and very fast animal. Teek takes them to a house in which a old man, Noa, lives. Like Cindel he also crashed with his Starcruiser on Endor. Together they fight Terak and Charal. E-19 Virus is a 2014 American apocalyptic film directed by Joe Ciminera. Three teens are taken in by Scientist who injects them with an experimental drug. The teens experience extra abilities after the injection. They become stronger, faster and have the ability to move from place to place without ever touching the ground. There is one chance to deliver 2 bottles of vaccine to a safe house 5 miles away from the lab. They have until night fall to do it. The year is 1955. NATO and the Allied Forces have been conducting secret, occult experiments in a bid to win the Arms Race. Now, they have finally succeeded but what the Army has unleashed threatens to tear our world apart. One woman must lead the only survivors past horrors that the military has no way to control - and fight to close what should never have been opened.  The Chosen follows the story of two teenage boys determined to remain friends despite the deep differences between their two families. Set in New York during the 1940s, this provocative film follows the son of an orthodox rabbi and the son of a secular father, raised to question everything around him, including his religion. A moving coming of age story. Rachel Strode, a young immigrant with a dark secret in her past, comes to Israel in the Fall of 1973 to volunteer in a Kibbutz and then to convert to Judaism. Soon, she realizes that the local Kibbutz members don't seem to like strangers and foreigners, and that the evening of Yom Kippur (the most important holiday for Jews), will bring danger to her and her young volunteering friends. What begins as a time of fun and the celebration of youth turns into a menacing and bloody night of terror, which will give a new meaning to Yom Kippur of 1973. During the US Civil War, Union POWs escape in a balloon and end up stranded on a South Pacific island, inhabited by giant plants and animals. They must use their ingenuity to survive the dangers, and to devise a way to return home. Sequel to '20,000 Leagues Under the Sea' . When a broke young couple rent a room in an elderly couples London house it becomes apparent no one is what they really seem. If ghosts can think and remember who they are, then the physical brain is not the only place where we store our inner selves. Helen is asked to train two young women into the art of communicating with the dead. But Helen's days as a medium are long gone. In fact, she gave up that life 15 years ago when she lost her daughter. Today Helen is a different woman dedicated to her career in brain research. Things start to change when a visit from the other side offers her the design of a device that can do amazing things. But to everything there is a risk. In 2007, in the midst of the drought and water shortages, the NSW State government has unveiled plans to tap into and recycle millions of litres of water trapped in a network of abandoned train tunnels just beneath the heart of Sydney. However the government suddenly goes cold on the plan and it is not made public why. There is talk of homeless people who use the tunnel as shelter going missing, even though the government states that there are no homeless people in there. This, and the silence from the officials and ministers, leads a journalist, Natasha to begin an investigation into a government cover-up. She and her crew Pete (Producer), Steve (Cameraman) and Tangles (Sound Technichian) decide to investigate the story in the tunnel. When struggling artist Colson finds his muse in sultry singer Fran, their daring romance spirals out of control into a dangerous game of deception and betrayal. Sabine is looking for the truth behind the disappearance of her best friend twenty years ago. An encounter with the handsome Olaf, a man she remembers from her teenage years, and the announcement of a high school reunion turns her life upside down. Over a 5-year period in Bridgend in Wales, 79 people, many of them teenagers, committed suicide without leaving any clue as to why. This is the starting point for this mysterious social drama. In the early 1980's Haley Varsin took her son Charlie Varsin out to an abandoned campground called "Little Farm on the River" where she brutally murdered him with a screwdriver without reason. In the years following Haley was locked up and the town of Rising Sun turned the story of Charlie Varsin into a local ghost story. 30 years later now a party is held at the closed down campground and Charlie proves he is more than legend. In this telling of a slasher film their are many elements of a mystery and thriller. Campground: The Requel is one movie you wanna check in to. When a priest is jailed for the murder of a nun on whom he was performing an exorcism, an investigative journalist strives to determine whether he in fact murdered a mentally ill person, or if he lost the battle with a demonic presence. When massive volcanic storms begin to spew from the Earth, geophysicist Kate Ferris tries to convince the Department of Defense that this is no natural phenomenon. Deep in the shadows lives a legend so horrifying, it has paralyzed the locals for decades. In this terrifying sequel six thrill seekers from the suburbs chase the legend of Cyrus to it's roots. Ignoring all warnings, they continue to a secluded cabin that sits at the heart of madness. As the dark and stormy night approaches, will they escape the terror that awaits them at the hands of a vengeful killer? Or will they become part of the blood stained forest that is... Dark Shade Creek. When his girlfriend visits him during winter break, an agoraphobic twentysomething begins to suspect that his house is haunted. Walid, a video blogger, returns to his Egyptian countryside home to document and investigate strange happenings that have been disturbing his family since the death of his father. In the spring of 2010, a church lock in at First Baptist Church was organized by Pastor Chris.  In the first hour of the lock in, one of the students, Justin, had an unusual "incident" and was "inconsolable."  It was reported that he calmed down and kept to himself for the remainder of the event.  Two days after the lock in, Justin reportedly broke down to his parents that he experienced something "evil" at the lock in.  He also claimed he captured everything on tape.  After watching the footage, the parents met with church leaders to discuss criminal charges they were considering filing against the church for child endangerment, neglect and torture. After encountering a ghost in his family's vacation home, Dan and his wife Mary hire an "industrial-grade exorcist" named Os to get rid of the beings. When Ted's beloved cat dies, the trauma triggers a terrible mental breakdown. His broken brain prompts him to bring his feline friend back - all he needs is nine human lives. Ted dons vicious deadly cat claw gloves and a creepy cat mask, and goes on a murderous rampage. As the butchery escalates, a twisted romance blossoms between Ted and Claire, a young woman who has also recently lost her cat in a horrifying incident. Annie Dyer moves into a new apartment and quickly discovers she is not alone; a malevolent spirit repeatedly attempts to seduce her in order to possess her body as a vessel to carry out its vengeful mission. Four childhood friends are reunited when one of them surfaces after twenty years, forcing them to confront a creature straight out of a spine-chilling Moroccan legend. As Carl Black gets the opportunity to move his family out of Chicago in hope of a better life, their arrival in Beverly Hills is timed with that city's annual purge, where all crime is legal for twelve hours. After a bank robbery gone wrong, the Gang drives out of town to hide but they run out of gas on a deserted road and go on foot deep into the woods. There they find an old dilapidated house occupied by a mysterious young Woman and her Grandmother. As they insist on staying, the Grandmother tells them that it is the night if Ang Kumakatok (Those Who Knock), a mythical being who takes away a soul from the occupants of the house they knock in. As the dead of night unfolds, we realize who they all really are and when the knock comes, none of them can run away from an evil that stays in their soul. As Chicago gears up for its annual Thanksgiving Day parade, Emily Jones, an eager parade coordinator is shocked when Henry Williams, a wealthy new development consultant, is brought in to analyze the parade's finances. A father's past involves him and his teenage daughter in a cycle of violence. Set in the drought-plagued Brazilian badlands of the 1940s, Black God, White Devil explores the climate of superstition, physical and spiritual terrorism, and fear that gripped the country. The central characters, Manuel and Rosa, are on the run, and move credulously from allegiance to allegiance until they finally learn that the land belongs neither to god nor devil, but to the people themselves. The film's storyline, somewhere between folk ballad and contemporary myth, contains a multitude of references to Brazilian history and culture. Blake is captain of the football team and destined for a career in the pro leagues - that is if he passes his chemistry class. But destiny has a way of tackling the toughest of players when demons invade his college and begin to enslave the student body. A divine angel descends to give Blake an invincible suit of super football pads and send him out to battle the forces of evil. Unfortunately, the suit is missing one vital piece - the jock strap. In order to get it back, Blake must descend into the underworld and face the guardians of doom known as The Chainsaw Maidens from Hell. And he's got to do all this while studying for a chemistry quiz. A group of privileged students spend a night patrolling the prestigious Dhoultham school. However, it soon turns into the worst night of their lives as they face off against burglars, supernatural spirits and a deeper, darker evil.  Directed by Russell England. Rome is shattered by a series of gruesome murders that paint the Eternal City deep red. The suspicion grows that these atrocious crimes are connected with the return of one of the most heinous serial killers of our time - Karl the Butcher. A vengeful high school senior, whose violent kidnapping of a fellow student, collides with her town's haunted house and its brutal past. HAUNTERS is a heart-warming and heart-stopping documentary about people who sacrifice everything to create the most popular and polarizing haunted houses for Halloween - from boo-scare mazes to a controversial new subculture of extreme terror experiences. While attending a party at James Franco's house, Seth Rogen, Jay Baruchel and many other celebrities are faced with the apocalypse. Ray Lorkin, chief lawman in the tiny rural settlement of Wala Wala, Australia, fears that long-simmering tensions between the area's aborigine natives and white settlers are on the verge of erupting. When it's discovered that Kate, the white wife of local schoolteacher Les, has despoiled a sacred site by secretly meeting her aborigine lover, Tony, there, a shocking murder threatens to rip the small town apart. Katherine Morrissey, a former Christian missionary, lost her faith after the tragic deaths of her family. Now she applies her expertise to debunking religious phenomena. When a series of biblical plagues overrun a small town, Katherine arrives to prove that a supernatural force is not behind the occurrences, but soon finds that science cannot explain what is happening. Instead, she must regain her faith to combat the evil that waits in a Louisiana swamp. Ms. Brenda tries to keep Angel away from her talented son Cedric so he can have a future and decides to pay her to stay away. But all the while she still sneaks around to see Cedric. When Ms. Brenda dies of pneumonia, her spirit comes back later to haunt them after finding out they are together! There is no normal. We all wear masks. Applecart is a portmanteau film featuring stories dealing with the perversions, shame, rage, and secrets we all keep hidden. Applecart is presented to you as an experimental silent film with a unique sound design and stunning black and white cinematography. It is graphic, transgressive, and honest. Through mysterious eyewear, a blind woman can see ghosts. Glimpsing Death itself, she must discover why it has come for her. Trapped aboard the family yacht, Samantha lives out her personal Hell, night after night, answering to the cruel and painful demands of the ship's alarm system. Taking a journey into the depths of depravity, she wakes each morning to the disfiguring scars left by the previous night's horror and searches for the answer to a missing memory: 'Could I have killed my family... Or did Hell get it wrong?' Ahab, a great king of the Israelites, has fallen under the spell of Jezebel, a daughter of the King of the Sidonians. He has rejected the Israelites' God and embraced Jezebel's religion: the worship of the idol Baal. At Jezebel's command, Ahab has ordered the execution of the prophets of Israel, replacing them with Baal's false prophets. But one man, Elijah, filled with power of the true God, directly challenges Ahab and Jezebel. A group of thieves break into an industrial complex to pull off a jewelry heist, but stumble upon a hidden laboratory where unorthodox SARS and Ebola experiments are taking place on stolen cadavers, who soon mutate into blood-thirsty zombies. Struggling with a horrific past, Claire Rhodes must confront a stalker turned murderer of her youth in order to win her life - but will her own demons help the killer exact his vengeance? Emma is kidnapped and imprisoned by a trio of psychopaths. In this disturbing family drama, a prosperous middle-aged farmer takes up gambling and whoring at the expense of his devoted second wife. Meanwhile, his son the pervert becomes fascinated with the family's maid, a deaf-mute. Seven Dorms of Death brings us to a small college in New England, where the drama department is preparing to put on a play. Unfortunately, the last time (and only time) this particular play was put into production, the college's auditorium burned down and the entire cast and crew were killed. But that was over 100 years ago, and the head of the Drama Department has no fears that any such catastrophe will stop his production. A documentary about Night Mayors. What drives them? From sunset to sunrise, the film shows how important these 'mayors' are for the nightlife of the city. The reinvigorated elderly group that left Earth comes back to visit their relatives. Will they all decide to go back to the planet where no one grows old, or will they be tempted to remain on Earth? The story centers on Billy, an effeminate fan of vintage science fiction action thrillers. His only friend is Cameron, a nerdy film buff who tries to boost his confidence whenever he can. After seeing a UFO land, Billy retreats into his head, imagining that aliens are taking over the town. Cameron is skeptical, as is the rest of the town. Meanwhile, people are starting to die. First, the reclusive cat lady, Percis, is discovered mutilated by Lester, the churchgoing husband of Carolyn, Percis's depressed caretaker. Random deaths soon follow, first a jogger, and then a janitor at the Carbonics Warehouse. A pair of news reporters share this information with the public while the Detective and his Chief try to solve the killings. When Michele Chadwick's best friend Sophia accidentally awakens the spirit of a malevolent witch that died centuries ago, Michele has to find a way to save her soul from eternal damnation. Jack Woods is a simple man who finds himself in an extraordinary situation when he must rescue his estrange wife, Jill, from Genetically Modified killer trees. Jack soon finds himself the leader of a rag tag group of heroes out to save the world from the wildly spreading vegetation. There is a belief in Thailand which requires relatives to put coins inside the mouth of the deceased so that they can move on to the afterlife. However, there is a group of reckless and irresponsible teenagers who keep stealing the gold coins from the deceased. Consumed by their own greed, the teenagers then set out to steal from a millionaire's corpse who had a mouthful of gold coins and their action somehow angers the dead man. Later, the group of teenagers then encounter various horrifying situations as the spirits of the man returns to haunt them. What happens when an uncontrollable virus turns the living into the living dead?  When Cole stays up past his bedtime, he discovers that his hot babysitter is part of a Satanic cult that will stop at nothing to keep him quiet. A comedy homage to the drive-in monster movies of the 50s. The movie is about engineer named Mantra, who shifts to Hyderabad after landing a job. When unidentified goons attempt to murder her, she seeks help from her friend. Two years after the Produce Wars, gangs of renegades rove the countryside in search of greens. All they need is a leader. Birthed in violence a new villain is born now three detectives job is to bring him down before they or someone else becomes his next victim A passing truck spills a variety of hats, causing Elmer and Bugs to change personalities in rapid succession to fit the headgear they wind up wearing. In 1997 the close-knit Anderson family vanished from their home without a trace. No bodies were ever found and no explanation satisfied curiosity. For 17 years the house has remained undisturbed...until now. This eerily expert frightener is further enlivened by terrific performances from 'Suits'/'Arrow' star Neal McDonough and SILENT HILL/THE TALL MAN/TIDELAND's Jodelle Ferland. James and Andy, a sexy gay couple, seem to have everything they ever dreamed of...but things are about to change. Andy loses his job and they take in a handsome stranger called Sebastian. Nightmares come to life as Andy realizes that Sebastian is hiding a dark secret. Could Sebastian be the killer stalking the streets of their neighborhood? A classically sexy thriller- with a delicious vampiric touch, DRINK ME is a highly erotic and exciting film. Over the course of one torturous night, a suicidal woman and the violent home intruder that saved her life test the limits of human endurance and the boundaries of forgiveness. A young couple are stranded in a remote location for several days without food or water, while a massive, giant, madman stalks their every move, proving it impossible for them to escape unscathed. 19 year old babysitter aupair Julie is accused of murder when the bed of the sheltered baby inflames. Is seems as if Julie possesses rare telepathic skills, that she cannot control. Her young lawyer fights for her in court and against the public opinion in Italy, who take her for a witch. Three beautiful, vengeful witches awakened by an ancient book, the Necronomicon, bring production of a film in their old family home to a deadly halt. A Group of teenagers test the legend of an immortal witch and get more than they bargained for. It's almost Halloween and six young people, spooked but not undaunted by the folklore surrounding an old haunted house, make their way to the abode of the legendary Wicked, perhaps hoping to provoke the malevolent witch, but clearly not prepared for what they've certainly unleashed. A struggling family in Albania, wrestling with tradition, must unite against a mysterious clan's aggressions, leading to a 'blood feud' that is all too familiar in the Balkans. In the wake of her husband's betrayal, a novelist and mother moves to an old building, where she receives a music box and encounters a strange spirit. An obsessive film collector seeks a rumored art film, at some risk to himself. A gathering of friends goes awry when an uninvited guest appears. With a pickax. And an attitude. While maintaining a happy marriage with Adnan Hijri 2-year-old son lost their lives in an accident will be picked up. They had continued to live in the same home are no longer strangers. Hicran on top of it also begins to live that can not be explained by events in psychology is further distorted. Eventually a woman goes to a teacher and her second blood "41 stitches" learned that they called a spell. Known as the most powerful magic of "41 stitches magic" it can be made   in 41 different faith. Hicran magic is to find the person who intends to solve and 41 from the intent of which is essential for learning. This search will bring face to face the facts could not even imagine it. When the lawyer- and brother- of a dying patriarch commits suicide, it sets into motion a chain of murders which tears their family apart. High school friends reunite after many years to spend a weekend in the mountains, but when everything goes wrong, there is no time for girl bonding. As the devoutly single Don Johnston is dumped by his latest girlfriend, he receives an anonymous pink letter informing him that he has a son who may be looking for him. A group of carpet fitters are sent on a job to an old Country house in the middle of nowhere. However they soon discover it's a trap set up by the savage, cannibalistic family, The Hannings. The carpet fitters are forced to fight for their lives or risk ending up being the evenings dinner. Unfortunately they are not quite your typical heroes! The blood-soaked tale of a Norse warrior's battle against the great and murderous troll, Grendel. Heads will roll. Out of allegiance to the King Hrothgar, the much respected Lord of the Danes, Beowulf leads a troop of warriors across the sea to rid a village of the marauding monster. Before the church. Before the Gospels. Before the word Christian. There were the Apostles. This is their story.  In the Secret Lives Of The Apostles, meet the 12 men who transformed Christianity from humble beginnings to a major world movement.  They braved persecution, imprisonment and even crucifixion to convert their contemporaries.  But how did this humble band of insurgents set in motion events that ultimately convinced thousands to believe that Jesus was their messiah? The journey of a woman scientist who, at the end of times, discovers that true Faith can bring Miracles. Picking up directly where the previous film left off, the story follows Riley, one of the last people to come in contact with Samantha, as he scrambles to track down those responsible for the outbreak before the highly contagious disease not only consumes his body, but the world as we know it. Carrie Gemmell, an office woman that initially appears to lead a dull life working at an uninspiring office job. At night, however, she has several surreal fantasies involving sex, blood, and a young woman (Cheryl Singleton) she works with at the office. "She" will occasionally wake up in strange places and is convinced that she's turning into a werewolf - something that she believes is evidenced by her teeth elongating. In the middle of a routine patrol, officer Daniel Carter happens upon a blood-soaked figure limping down a deserted stretch of road. He rushes the young man to a nearby rural hospital staffed by a skeleton crew, only to discover that patients and personnel are transforming into something inhuman. As the horror intensifies, Carter leads the other survivors on a hellish voyage into the subterranean depths of the hospital in a desperate bid to end the nightmare before it's too late. When Amy receives a haunted VHS tape containing weird films from a figure stalking her she realizes she is not alone and must find other victims who are being haunted to try and work out who is trying to kill them.  Alan Smithee is a struggling filmmaker that has had sex with countless actresses that were trying to break into the business. One day his cellphone gets hacked and naked pictures and sex videos of these women are leaked online, destroying their lives and careers. Trying to do damage control on his own career he finds himself pushed to the limit and must make a decision that could prove fatal for everyone around him. In 1630s New England, William and Katherine lead a devout Christian life with five children, homesteading on the edge of an impassable wilderness, exiled from their settlement when William defies the local church. When their newborn son vanishes and crops mysteriously fail, the family turns on one another. While on her bachelorette party getaway, Casey, the bride to be, gets a seemingly harmless bite from an unknown insect. After returning home with cold feet, Casey tries to call off her wedding but before she's able to, she starts exhibiting insect like traits. Between her physical transformation and her wedding anxiety, Casey succumbs to her new instincts and begins creating a hive that not only houses her translucent eggs, but feeds on the flesh of others. As her transformation becomes complete, Casey discovers that everything can change with a single bite. The Pilliga Yowie, - or 'Jingra' - has haunted the Australian outback for centuries, stalking a remote part of New South Wales, where men seldom dare tread, content to keep to itself... until now. Blokish truck driver Jay and his cameraman buddy Dylan journey into the PIlliga National Park with Liz and Tammy, two good time girls they meet in a pub. Things take a sinister turn when a local legend comes out to play - complete with big teeth, sharp claws and a craving for human flesh! After waking up in an apartment where only the night before a party was raging, Sam is forced to come to grips with reality: He is now alone and the living dead have invaded the streets of Paris. Petrified with fear, Sam is going to have to barricade himself inside the building and organize his survival. But is he really the sole survivor? Five years after an unexplained malfunction causes the death of 15 tour-goers and staff on the opening night of a Halloween haunted house tour, a documentary crew travels back to the scene of the tragedy to find out what really happened. Documentary film. A team of Cryptozoologists on a weekend trip, find themselves being hunted by an enormous creature that stalks the northern dark woods. Sixteen year old Jude discovers each and every one of his fears is true. An aspiring young physician, Robert Merivel found himself in the service of King Charles II and saves the life of someone close to the King. Merivel joins the King's court and lives the high life provided to someone of his position. Merivel is ordered to marry his King's mistress in order to divert the queens suspicions. He is given one order by the king and that is not to fall in love. The situation worsens when Merivel finds himself in love with his new wife. Eventually, the King finds out and relieves Merivel of his position and wealth. His fall from grace leaves Merivel where he first started. And through his travels and reunions with an old friend, he rediscovers his love for true medicine and what it really means to be a physician. A mother must protect her family on Christmas Day from a demented stranger who is hell bent on tearing them apart. The story follows a family who move into a new house and is a haunted by a mysterious supernatural figure known as Kelibat. Kelibat did not just haunt the family physically but also emotionally and spiritually. A Metrowealth production film starring Fauzi Nawawi and Ellie Suriati as the main leads. Kevin McCallister's parents have split up. Now living with his mom, he decides to spend Christmas with his dad at the mansion of his father's rich girlfriend, Natalie. Meanwhile robber Marv Merchants, one of the villains from the first two movies, partners up with a new criminal named Vera to hit Natalie's mansion. After Shideh's building is hit by a missile during the Iran-Iraq War, a superstitious neighbor suggests that the missile was cursed and might be carrying malevolent Middle-Eastern spirits. She becomes convinced a supernatural force within the building is attempting to possess her daughter Dorsa, and she has no choice but to confront these forces if she is to save her daughter and herself. Desperate to save his fiancee from a demon that has possessed her soul, a man turns to his longtime priest for help. Martina, a biology student,  who after moving from her hometown to complete her studies decides to undertake an excursion to the outskirts of the city in search of rare and exotic specimens for research. Not finding the specimen after a long search, she decides to rest by the roadside. At that time, her new psychotic neighbors propose to take her to the woods where they claim is the specimen that she seeks. Martina accepts the crossing naturally, but on the way the thugs kidnap her, determined to cause all sorts of sinister and gruesome acts, both physical and psychological. The story takes an unexpected turn when Martina decides to release her pent- up anger. In 2008 an Independent film crew set out to make an epic horror feature film in outback South Australia on a $30 000 budget. Three weeks later, they left defeated and without a film. In an unspecified year in the future, the Captain Pixws and his space pirate crew are forced to deliver tanning showers to every corner of the universe. Dolcezza Extrema starship will live an extraordinary adventure. A deranged masked Santa-Slayer comes to town for some yuletide-terror. He leaves behind a bloody trail of mutilated bodies as he hunts his way to the front steps of the town's most feared and notorious home. An aggressive race of aliens took over Planet Earth and humanity's at its end, living in giant bunkers below ground. Young Military rookie S.U.M.1 (Iwan Rheon) is sent to the surface to save a group of unprotected survivors. A maniacal clown named Art terrorizes three young women and everyone else who stands in his way on Halloween night. Patrons locked inside of a bar are forced to fight monsters. The long-awaited missing pieces from the original version of the film - nearly an hour-and-a-half of deleted/alternate scenes from Twin Peaks: Fire Walk With Me - often referred to as the "holy grail" of Twin Peaks fandom. When a young couple - Anne and Harold - moves into a new home without knowing it was a site of horrific murders, Anne's loneliness and strange behavior makes their relationship complicated, especially after Anne meets 'Mary', a dark presence from which she can't escape. After a train wreck, four passengers from different walks of life are trapped together and share their recent nightmares. Masked killers, Bigfoot, crazed lovers and a Satanic cult are just the beginning of the terror as this group quickly realizes that they may have experienced more than a dream and the true nightmare is about to begin. Tok Mudim is the greatest mohel (a specialist ritual circumciser) in Kampung Seri Menawan. However, his renown is tarnished due to the involvement of his assistant Lebai Kulup in a love triangle that also involves Salmah, the prettiest girl in the village and Borhan, Tok Penghulu Abohrudin's son with a secret. Due to his love for Salmah, Borhan decides to face his fears and meet with Tok Mudim for a secret operation. Unknown to them, Lebai Kulup, who is jealous of Borhan, decides to sabotage the operation. The failure of the operation causes Tok Mudim to be hunted by the villagers, following which, he falls into a well and dies. Tok Mudim's death turns him into a vengeful ghost hellbent on exacting his revenge on Kampung Seri Menawan. The Sublet is a suspense driven psychological thriller about Joanna, a new mom coping with her baby alone in an odd sublet apartment. As her husband neglects her to focus on his career, Joanna questions her sanity as she discovers a violent past to the apartment and suspects that the building may be haunted. We were warned in an ancient Mayan prophecy that the 21st December 2012 would be the beginning of the end, but not how and where this new era would unveil itself. Until now. A gunslinger, a vengeful ex-slave, and a runaway board a midnight train to Atlanta. They discover that the train is haunted by a sinister force, and must fight to survive the night. The Documentary of OzBo takes you on a journey about a team of paranormal investigators hired by a museum to prove or disprove the legends of an evil clown named OzBo. When the investigation proves some of the legends to be true only a couple of the investigators escape the horror of OzBo himself. These survivors are interviewed in this documentary to inform you of their feelings of what happened during that investigation, thoughts, and more. By 1933, Prohibition has proven a booming enterprise, where average citizens break the law, hide in the shadows and operate at night. The new world order has even lined the pockets of corrupt cops like Jack Malone. He collects a 'luxury tax' from every bootlegger and scofflaw in the small town he has sworn to protect. While shaking down the newest speakeasy in the local underground, Jack and his men uncover a clan of vampires hell bent on taking over the town. Now Chesterfield, an ancient vampire, and his horde must hide their secret at any cost. The bloody result leaves several bodies and innocent townsfolk taken as lambs to await the slaughter. With nowhere else to turn, Jack joins forces with a busboy and a crazy preacher to save the town and make a final stand against Chesterfield and his vampires. Sara, a young actress, is able to land the leading role in big theater play, but soon learns that somebody or something is trying to end the production at all cost, which puts Sara in deadly danger. A 2010 Indian fantasy film featuring spirits, giant snakes and a transforming car. The film was simultaneously made in three languages: "Kutti Pisasu" in Tamil, "Bombat Car" in Kannada and "Cara Majaka" in Telugu. The Tamil version was dubbed in Hindi as "Magic Robot" and in Bengali as "Robot - The Wonder Car". Rick and Virginia Sims have a simple, spiritual life together when they are given the gift of an unexpected pregnancy. Blessings can be deadly. When Rick is left to raise their daughter on his own, Dalana becomes the sole importance in her father's world. As Dalana grows up and tries to have a life of her own, Rick must take steps to insure that she will never leave him. As the war between the vampires and the Lycans rages on, Selene, a former member of the Death Dealers (an elite vampire special forces unit that hunts werewolves), and Michael, the werewolf hybrid, work together in an effort to unlock the secrets of their respective bloodlines. An American family on holiday in Africa becomes lost in a game reserve and stalked by lions. A newly positioned lighthouse caretaker is haunted by a dark force and mysterious presence. Unlikely assistance is given to bring justice to the dark forces that lie within the lighthouse ground. Adapted from the novel by Angela Townsend. 'Terror of Frankenstein' is an exercise in extreme meta-fictional tragicomedy. Presented as the commentary track of a rushed reissue of a forgotten (but 100% genuine) Frankenstein film's DVD (because of unspecified 'recent events'), this project transforms the film into an entirely new, very human horror story. Featuring Clu Gulager as the director of the 1977 original who is happily exploiting the unmentioned tragedy linked to the film, the recording session unravels a mystery as he clashes with the screenwriter (Zack Brown) and, ultimately, its star (Leon Vitali from Stanley Kubrick's Eyes Wide Shut and Barry Lyndon, playing himself.) 'Terror of Frankenstein' is Mystery Science Theater 3000 by way of Sartre, an icy satire of the monsters onscreen, behind the camera, and in the audience. In 2013 a psychiatric clinic which served for more than 50 years caring for patients in Mexico City was demolished. A few months before its demolition, four young men came to investigate the clinic, determined to discover the truth about rumors of strange and paranormal events, recording everything with which they encounter. Today, the whereabouts of these four young men are unknown, remaining only fragments of their recordings. Based in the story by Robert Louis Stevenson, "Olalla" tells the story of a gothic and decadent family of genetic vampires who need human blood to survive, and where incest is the only way to maintain the family line. The Death of Superman and Reign of the Supermen now presented as an over two-hour unabridged and seamless animated feature. Witness the no-holds-barred battle between the Justice League and an unstoppable alien force known only as Doomsday, a battle that only Superman can finish and will forever change the face of Metropolis. An empathic vagrant sees the horror that's discarded with the trash. Indrajit is a UK based scholar. While working to preserve historical documents he find a parchment from which he learns about treasures hidden in an old palace in Simulgarh, a village of West Bengal. Indrajit comes to the village, finds out the treasure, but, a local goon Gagan Sapui accuses him of robbery, beats him up and expels him out of the village. Sapui wants to melt those coins to make new jewellery. After being beaten up, Indrajit goes to forest near the village where he meets Chhayamoy, a benevolent ghost. After listening the incidence from Indrajit, Chhayamoy decides to teach him a lesson. A possessed pinata, seeking to avenge the savagery that humanity has inflicted on his kind, picks off a group of friends, one by one, in an unending night of terror. Fifteen-year old John Cleaver is dangerous, and he knows it. He's obsessed with serial killers, but really doesn't want to become one. Terrible impulses constantly tempt him, so for his own sake, and the safety of those around, he lives by rigid rules to keep himself "good" and "normal". However, when a real monster shows up in his town he has to let his dark side out in order to stop it - but without his rules to keep him in check, he might be more dangerous than the monster he's trying to kill. A snake creature secretly lurks inside a shopping mall. A family is fed a meal that turns them into monsters. An airplane hijacking is interrupted by the birth of a tiyanak. Molly is struggling with being a new mom, but after meeting Beth, things temporarily improve only to turn as Beth's dark intentions are brought to light. Directed by a different Matthew Price than the MAMO host, this film  follows a team of programmers develop a revolutionary new dating app called Other Halves. On the night before the app is set to launch, they discover it causes strange side effects: users lose all self-control, becoming amoral, lascivious, violent... evil. They consider shutting the app down, but... Evil is profitable. Inspired by the urban slashers of the late 1970s and early 1980s, STEVE: Death Collector is based on the award-winning mock trailer which became an international sensation! When mentally unstable STEVE (Eamon Hardiman) takes on a credit collection job to pay the bills for his alcoholic mother, he lights the fuse on a powder-keg of inner turmoil and rage, culminating in a blood-thirsty spree of rape and murder. A dark and twisted comedy the likes of which you've never seen, STEVE will slaughter and sodomize his way right into your heart! A paranormal investigator, trapped in a haunted skyscraper on Christmas Eve. The skeptical young woman, Georgette Dubois, is horrified once confronted with the reality of the supernatural. She risks life and limb to escape her ghoulish prison, stranded on the 11th floor. A scientist comes to believe that evil is a disease of the blood and that the flesh of a skeleton he has brought back from New Guinea contains it in a pure form. Convinced that his wife, a Folies Bergere dancer who went insane, manifested this evil he is terrified that it will be passed on to their daughter. He tries to use the skeleton's blood to immunise her against this eventuality, but his attempt has anything but the desired result. Chaar (English: Four) is a Bengali anthology film, directed by Sandip Ray and produced by Shrikant Mohta, Mahendra Soni and Nispal Singh under the banner of Shree Venkatesh Films and Surinder Films. It based on four stories by different writers- Bateswarer Abodan by Parasuram, Porikkha by Sharadindu Bandyopadhyay, Kagtarua and Dui Bondhu by Satyajit Ray. The straightest people can be the most twisted. Nearly murdered as a child by her mother, a woman (Katrina Law) returns to the house where her mom went mad. Five sorority girls with dark secrets, including one who just committed murder and another with a mysterious past, awaken one morning to find themselves locked inside their sorority house. Helplessly trapped with a escaped axe maniac. Directed by Christopher Forbes. A seemingly innocent man is abducted by a notorious L.A. serial killer, who forces his victims to switch roles with him so that he can enact his own capture, torture and murder.  Nathan is an agoraphobic, living alone and keeping to himself. Until he meets his neighbour Izzy and something awakens, Something that is pure evil. A young law student finds his strongly held ideals clashing with the work he has to undertake, leading to a crisis of confidence in this 2001 Bollywood feature from director Ashok Mehta. A ship was found drifting with its crew massacred on the coast of the Gaspe ... It's consternation! In the process, an ambitious journalist, helped a young museum professional archivist rather shy and sedentary, discovers that a collector of maritime objects with dubious intentions may be linked to this terrible story. Then begins a race against time to find out who is this mysterious diver decimating everything in its path to achieve its goals and recover valuable documents looted the wreck of the "Princess of the North", where he found death, 100 years ago ... In January, 1996 Unsolved Mysteries featured a story on landowner Bert Wall's 'real-life' interactions with the spirits that roamed the Devil's Backbone. Nearly twenty years later, Wall passed away...leaving behind only fragmented tales of an inexplicable terror to those that knew him best. A conman gains the power to see and communicate with ghosts and decides to use it to make money. His happy-go-lucky lifestyle goes for a toss when a ghost who is his look-alike approaches him with an offer. Commander Stevenson, suffering from unrequited love drives to the coast while very drunk and interrupts some smugglers and informs Scotland Yard. Six lucky contestant winners are in for the treat of a lifetime. A traveling haunted house sets up in their town and the night before grand opening, they win the chance to spend the night locked inside. Thinking everything around them is all part of the show, their minds are at ease. But it doesn't take long for them to realize that everything around them is real. Trapped inside the maze not knowing what is around each corner, these contestant winners are in a fight to get out alive. Will anyone survive? Or will they all fall victim inside the infamous Shadow's Edge haunted house, where the freaks play? After moving into a cottage together, two young lovers confront horrors of a forgotten childhood. The Scorpion King teams up with a female warrior named Tala, who is the sister of The Nubian King. Together they search for a legendary relic known as The Book of Souls, which will allow them to put an end to an evil warlord. Two young men confront their sexuality while waiting for their dinner to arrive. Five passengers in a bus depot are waiting for a bus that is overdue. To pass the time, they start telling each other horror stories. Captured by the lens of a video camera held by the blood-stained hands of impulse murderer Maxwell Edison, AGONi unveils a world in which the viewer is thrust into an abhorrent nightmare where there is no return or hope of escape. After a death in the family, siblings Angelica and James Zacherly travel to the small town of East Willard on Christmas Eve to pay their respects. They stay at a homely bed and breakfast where they learn the legend of Black Peter, Santa Claus' vengeful brother. But when they find the lost journal of Jeffrey Butler, they discover the town has its own sordid history - one more rooted in reality. During a zombie pandemic, security consultant Jack Romero is bitten by a Zombie and has 3 days before he either turns into one or not, depending on his blood type, which he doesn't know. Holding up in his home during a statewide quarantine, he must keep his wife, who is safely away at a military base, unaware of his condition, fend off an occasional zombie, as well as other characters, while the clock ticks away at his fate. Written, produced and directed by King Jeff, this film strays away from the zombie movie cliches and is fresh and original visually as well as its soundtrack and focus on character. From the acclaimed director of American Movie, the documentary follows former Los Angeles police officer turned independent reporter Michael Ruppert. He recounts his career as a radical thinker and spells out his apocalyptic vision of the future, spanning the crises in economics, energy, environment and more. In a 3rd year military course at Khao Chon Kai, two groups of military students are trying to dominate each other. There were many conflicts and bullies between them since they were at their high schools. At their practice on the field, they always make troubles causing their mentors to punish their entire company. Other than the conflicts between the two gangs, there seems to be a mystery along their military course here, especially at night time. Not so long, they have found out that one of their current mentor, sarge Danai, was dead. They need to bare on an extra field practice from the sarge. In a desert wasteland in Texas, a muscled cannibal breaks one important rule: don't play with your food. Three people from different walks of life find themselves trapped inside a stalled elevator. What at first seems like an inconvenience rapidly escalates into a nightmare. Part crime caper gone awry, part survival horror film, this 1970s set thriller depicts a harrowing fight for survival after a pair of wannabe crooks botch a bank heist and flee into the desert, where they inexplicably stumble upon Carnage Park, a remote stretch of wilderness occupied by a psychotic ex-military sniper. Apartment 37413 Once a week three crazy brothers meet to relive their childhood disorder eating human raw organs and living a sadomasochistic rapport/intercourse... Apartment 28513 The torture of Barbie. A man enjoys torturing and scarring Barbie, but one day he'll decide to do it with real women... Apartment 13396 A painter uses his blood and his muse's faces to prepare the perfect colors for his masterpiece... Apartment 1932301 A woman is looking for a way to becomes excited and she'll discover it touching/with the contact of insects and cockroaches... Apartment 121197 A self-destructive necromancer conserves the mummified corpse of his husband and every night she has sex with it... Apartment 7428M An erotomaniac obsessed by a clown who is in his house blowing up balloons and exploding it. A world-travelling ghost hunter mysteriously disappears, leaving everything to his niece, who accidentally releases a horde of angry spirits, imprisoned in liquor bottles, during her Fourth-of-July party. A narcissistic T.V. weatherman, along with his attractive-but-distant producer and mawkish cameraman, is sent to report on Groundhog Day in the small town of Punxsutawney, where he finds himself repeating the same day over and over. A team of exorcists are sent into an old theater that is rumored to have been the site of a great tragedy during its construction. "Tyler Texas Black Film Collection" (1985) is a promotional film hosted by Ossie Davis. Five teenagers graduate high school and go to a house in the woods to celebrate. But there, they encounter an evil presence. Dressed in tights. A virus spreads through an office complex causing white collar workers to act out their worst impulses. After a team of cheerleaders are burned to death in a gruesome sprinkler accident, the one who got away, Tanya returns to cheerleader camp. Joining her are an all-new squad of drop-dead gorgeous mean girls from competing high schools who chafe under the strict rules set by Coach Paddington (Jennifer Banko). With a lustful caretaker (Ari Lehman) lurking nearby, the team struggle to get along - but soon their life depends on it! When someone in a panda costume begins killing one girl every hour, it's up to Tanya to piece together the clues before time runs out. A restless young woman waits out the night in a twilight state, where dreams, memories, revisited and reenacted events intermingle. She tries her best to parse truth from embellishment, reflecting on her relationship with the man sleeping soundly beside her. Scott and his friend Nick use the occult to bring a doll to life as a joke, not realizing that the doll consumed an evil spirit and is inhabiting others and stealing souls. Scott s wife Stacey is soon put through the nightmarish test of trying to figure out what is real and what is not. Scott is soon possessed and the evil unleashes throughout a world of strange dreamlike atmosphere in a fight to revoke the evil spirit that is trying to take over their world. A few months after the events in "Escape To Black Tree Forest" Chuck Peterson escapes from the Vestron Hospital For The Criminally Insane and returns to Black Tree Forest. There he meets a whole new group of teens out looking for fun on Halloween night. The cycle continues on the night no one comes home! Through six parts we follow main characters Scott and Mike surviving the beginning of a zombie apocalypse. In 1965 Los Angeles, a widowed mother and her two daughters add a new stunt to bolster their seance scam business and unwittingly invite authentic evil into their home. When the youngest daughter is overtaken by the merciless spirit, this small family confronts unthinkable fears to save her and send her possessor back to the other side. When his friend Paul dies unexpectedly, Travis heads into the woods to say goodbye. As Travis deals with his grief, and the way it has affected the relationships in his life, he starts to realize that he actually might not be alone in the woods. Curiosity turns to horror as Travis comes face-to-face with something both inexplicable and frighteningly familiar. Scary Full Feature Horror Movie! Jake and The paranormal team are on their way to help a family in need and to help them deal with some paranormal issues, But the Team never make it to their destination! It is abruptly interrupted by other worldly terrifying beings. Who will survive? Infamous Musician and performance artist Kurt Dirt goes on a quest to dig up the corpse of Mary Whitehouse and Resurrect her to show her there is good in bad taste  Wisconsin Death Trip is an intimate, shocking and sometimes hilarious account of the disasters that befell one small town in Wisconsin during the final decade of the 19th century. The film is inspired by Michael Lesy's book of the same name which was first published in 1973. Lesy discovered a striking archive of black and white photographs in the town of Black River Falls dating from the 1890s and married a selection of these images to extracts from the town's newspaper from the same decade. The effect was surprising and disturbing. The town of Black River Falls seems gripped by some peculiar malaise and the weekly news is dominated by bizarre tales of madness, eccentricity and violence amongst the local population. A young couple go on an adventurous vacation to Thailand only to find themselves haunted by a malevolent spirit after naively disrespecting a Ghost House.  Three teenagers go visit a friend at his old farmhouse for the weekend. What they didn't expect was to be stuck in the middle of a centenary war between good and evil. A young scientist discovers a malevolent entity which sets her on a bloody descent into the jaws of insanity. Three survivors are stalked by someone connected to their past. This time they're ready for a fight. An adventurous group of friends dare to break into the abandoned orphanage and quickly find themselves trapped and fighting against unnatural forces. Parody of "Saw" saga. Three friends discover an ancient order of monks about to trigger the apocalypse they have been planning for 1500 years and have to try to save themselves, but can they also save the world? Profoundly scarred and suspected to have committed 27 murders, "Patient 394" takes us deep into her perverted realm of mutilation, suffering and otherworldly guidance.  A young woman gets involved with an awkward young man but soon they find out that neither are who or what they say they are. An adventurous woman with a secret from her husband insists they go for a romantic camping trip in a remote wood to reconnect and share some quality time. But their idyll is shockingly cut short after a group of nearby hunters are brutally killed by a mysterious creature. Trapped inside their tent, the couple is forced to help one of the injured hunters and together they plan their escape. Is there really something supernatural hidden in the forest?  Or is it just their imaginations running riot. Soon they must determine if the real threat is inside or outside their enclosure TUYUL (Toyol in English) tells a re imagine story about the Indonesian urban mythical spirit. Husband and Wife, Daniel (Gandhi Fernando) and Mia (Dinda Kanya Dewi) moves to an old house given by Mia's mother after she passed away. Daniel is the one that insists they move to her old house to saves up some money before the birth of their first born while he'll be working on his job at a tea plantation project. After cleaning up one of the rooms, Daniel finds a bottle hidden mysteriously underneath the broken wooden floor. The empty bottle might be a home to a scary creature that could potentially put Daniel, Mia, and their unborn child in danger. Horror/Comedy that takes place in a movie theater as patrons watch the trailers of B Movie trailers. Sira works in the night shift at the Morgen Brandt Museum and starts to feel a strange presence. Morgen Brandt, a German soprano, died many years ago in a fire at her home, where the museum is now placed. Sira is scared, she feels she is not alone. Twelve year old Michael Hart is convicted of the murder of a babysitter, despite his claims that a "monster did it." Upon his release, the monster returns and the bodies are piling up. Is it the grim reaper? Is it the Mothman? Whatever it is, it's a killing force and Michael must prove its existence to clear his name but must also face the darker side of humanity. What is SICKLE and can it be killed? Michael Hart will find out if it kills him. An old man lures 10 women to become his wives to lift an ancient curse. Puppets live alongside humans peacefully, but suddenly their behavior becomes depraved. Is such criminal activity rare, or is the media blowing things out of proportion, making cops look like sadistic gunslingers and causing people to distrust them, each other, and most of all, puppets. Is the apocalypse coming, or is the fear-mongering just a great way for News programs to get advertising money? Wait - that makes this movie sound like a serious allegory. Change that. This movie has more wtf moments than you can imagine. It's high brow and low brow at the same time. Ronnie runs a Disco walking tour with his son, Brayden. When a sexy woman takes the tour, it begins a competition between father and son for her love. It also signals the arrival of an oily strangler who stalks the streets at night. Susan Murphy (a.k.a. Ginormica) and the Monsters are now working with the US government as special ops. So when an alien presence is detected in Susan's hometown of Modesto, California -- right before Halloween -- the team is dispatched to investigate. Everything appears normal, right down to the jack-o-lanterns peering out from every doorstep and windowsill. But when Halloween arrives, those innocent-looking carved pumpkins reveal themselves for what they really are mutant aliens. The altered pumpkins then start to implement their fiendish plan to take over Earth. The Monsters are there to combat the mutant gourds and try to smash their wicked scheme! Two men find themselves chained and trapped inside a room, which is being monitored through a video camera by a mysterious figure who tells that they will have to kill the other if they wish to escape. A small town martial arts teacher (Herb Johnson) clashes with a crazed former pro wrestler. When the ex grappler kills Johnson's wife, the peace loving martial arts expert is "pushed too far." Hoosier born Claude Akins stars as the Sheriff. An egocentric businessman awakens deep in the woods to find he has been abducted by a subversive group of bloodthirsty vampires disguised and living among us. He must not only escape their clutches, but save his beloved girlfriend before time, the truth, and his kidnappers catch up with him. Cocoa visits her family, in the mountains, after quite some time again after her sister Mocha wrote her, through a letter, to come back soon. Her friends will have to spend a week in the town without her, while Cocoa has time with her family that she hasn't seen for a long time. But Chino, Cocoa's self proclaimed little sister, wants to go watch, with Cocoa and all her friends, the fireworks in the fireworks festival, which is coming up in less than a week. Cocoa decides to return early as she misses them all, but will she arrive in time for the climax of the festival? Newlyweds Claire and Ryan have just moved into a new house. Both are hoping Claire's pregnancy will be the cement needed to hold their already fraying relationship together. Little do they know their marital issues are the least of their problems. For unbeknownst to them, their scruffy, sleazy and lascivious landlord has installed numerous miniature cameras all over their home and has been spying on them from Day One. Then Ryan begins an office affair, and the landlord kits out the secret basement with chains and soundproofing. Something is going to give in this suburban shocker packed with nasty surprises. On a trip to Big Sur, two friends, both actresses, try to reconnect with one another. Once alone, the women's suppressed jealousies and deep-seated resentments begin to rise, causing them to lose their grasp on not only the true nature of their relationship, but also their identities.  A Pentecostal pastor, Lemuel Childs, and his believers handle venomous snakes to prove themselves before God. Lemuel's daughter, Mara holds a secret that threatens to tear the church apart: her romantic past with a nonbeliever, Augie. As Mara's wedding to a devoted follower looms, she must decide whether or not to trust the steely matriarch of their community, Hope, with her heart and life at stake. When economic Apocalypse strikes America, students at the elite Hopkins House Academy take matters into their own hands by launching an anarchist plot to halt the collapse and save the country. Because he's the oldest, Jake has been the man of the house, since his parents divorce. When Mom starts seeing Sam, who always seems to be trying some new way to get rich quick, and declares he's the man of the house now, Jake puts up with it. Until he discovers Sam's illegal activities. 1920, rural Ireland. Anglo-Irish twins Rachel and Edward share a strange existence in their crumbling family estate. Each night, the property becomes the domain of a sinister presence (The Lodgers) which enforces three rules upon the twins: they must be in bed by midnight; they may not permit an outsider past the threshold; and if one attempts to escape, the life of the other is placed in jeopardy. When troubled war veteran Sean returns to the nearby village, he is immediately drawn to the mysterious Rachel, who in turn begins to break the rules set out by The Lodgers. The consequences pull Rachel into a deadly confrontation with her brother - and with the curse that haunts them. In a quiet countryside farmhouse, Britain's vampires gather for their once-every-fifty-years meeting. Others will be joining them too; Sebastian Crockett, an unwitting Essex boy who thinks he's on a promise with sexy cougar Vanessa; and a detachment of Special Forces vampire killers who have bitten off more than they can chew. This is certainly going to be a night to remember... and for some of them it will be their last. The play is about a man who manages the business of a family that consists of a boy and girl. An accountant that works for him falls in love with his daughter, which makes him stay quiet about the fraud that the father-in-law commits. When a deadly zombie virus infects a school in Germany it remains on the student Leo to save the world. A ragtag group of gunslingers try to make their way in a post-apocalyptic world. The twist to this world is that it's just not barren and dangerous, it's also filled with flesh-eating zombies. The gunslingers will find themselves stranded in a town and forced to make a choice on either to save the citizens of the town or save themselves. When the ambitious Philip takes over the running of the family business from his father, he finds himself confronted by the mysterious reappearance of his dead ancestors. In the course of a long night, during which there is a murder, an illicit love affair and a game with false identities, Philip uncovers a closely guarded family secret. On an obscure chat site, Jeff pretends to be an SM mistress who's looking for a sister to her slave Julie. That way Jeff manages to gain the trust of his victims and lure them to his flat, where a gruesome fate awaits them. This story tells about the life of 3 good friends who lived in a rented house. RUDY, is an extra that always played a ghost character in every film. AKHIR, is an employee at a petrol station and REMY is a shoe polisher. They rented a house owned by PAK CIK OSMAN BASAH. Find out how one of their friends died in the rented house.. From the vaults of the golden age of slasher films comes LAKE NOWHERE, a raucous, bloody romp which resurrects the thrill of gory midnight movies for an hour-long plunge into the depths of horror. Inspired by the dusty days of VHS, LAKE NOWHERE is preceded by original trailers &amp; commercials, replicating the experience of watching a long lost bootleg tape. When a group of friends arrive at a desolate lakeside cabin, they are stalked and murdered by a Masked Maniac, whose lust for blood transcends our world. This age-old tale of senseless slaughter quickly spirals into the realm of supernatural horror and classic monster movies, as we learn the true power that lies within LAKE NOWHERE. After a secret mission to the moon, an American space shuttle lands in Oresund, the strait between Denmark and Sweden. To free this house from spirits and ghosts, let the spiritualist be your host. An anthology feature film that puts a uniquely dark and original spin on some of the most iconic and beloved holidays of all time by challenging our folklore, traditions and assumptions. Caroline, a woman in her late thirties, has lost everything and is searching for a new beginning. She moves into an old apartment and starts to realize that she is not as alone as she thought she was. Just as she is searching for something new, something old is searching for her. Peter "The Doll Maker" Harris returns to his ancestral family home after being released from the state's hospital for the criminally insane - a "cured" man. Once inside the old house, anguished memories from a tortured childhood and ghostly visitations from his past victims shake Peter's resolve. It isn't until lovely young Ashley enters his life that Peter makes a fateful decision, a decision that will rekindle old desires that always ended in murder. Sydney works on her forensic psychology thesis based on a miscarriage of justice. Three people imprisoned for torturing victims in a cellar. They're released but the murders start anew. This time someone in a clown mask has begun a massacre and Sydney is the endgame. Jimmy is a product of a complicated family curse. A strange young man who never knew the identity of his parents, he lacks education, self-awareness & self-esteem. Mentally challenged and unable to speak intelligible language, he has been a puppet for 40 years for his grandmother, "Granny," kidnapping and torturing young girls. When he captures Sara, a young girl who comes from a loving family, she exposes Granny's mindful, wicked spirits with the teachings of the Bible. Testing her faith and her mother's teaching, Sara will be fully tested when she finds herself captured with no way out. In the suburbs of Rome, two disparate lives with only desire for vengeance and redemption in common find their destinies intertwined. Massimo's mind is plagued with images of his wife's violent death at the hands of a criminal gang involved in the production of snuff films. With every memory of the woman he loved replaced by unforgettable images of her horrific final moments, Massimo sees only one chance to take back his life: find the wealthy individual who commissioned the sickening murder - and make them pay. Barabba, a recently released convict, hopes to keep a promise he made to his father and start a new life with his brother, Spaccio, far from the violent world that they used to inhabit. Discovering that his brother is involved in the snuff gang, Barabba seeks to change things the only way he knows how: through violence and bloodshed. Linda and Jakob are happily in love until one night, Jakob begins to have horrific nightmares in which Linda appears as a darkly seductive creature. Tormented by these visions, Jakob asks his best friend Kurt to murder Linda for him, thus beginning a slow descent into madness. Unbeknownst to the two men, Linda is acting under the control of an ancient family curse. Will her love for Jakob overcome the powers of death? Will Kurt give in to his violent urges and kill to protect his friendship? Is there a way to escape the Devil of Kreuzberg? Set over the course of one summer weekend, a bat-wielding, masked killer in a rusted-out black Cadillac weaves in and out of three interlocking stories awash in sex, drugs, punk rock, black magic, and broken homes. A young father takes his nine year old son, the family dog, and two of his son's friends backpacking in the mountains of Colorado only for all five of them to be struck by lightning. The Forest of the Lost Souls is a dense and remote forest, Portugal's most popular place for suicide. In a summer morning, two strangers meet within the woods. In 1957, murders occurred upon the infamous, 'Island of the Dolls', in Mexico. A modern-day British journalist, Emily, deceitfully takes an assignment in London to research and uncover the truth of the unspoken event. With the assistance of her photographer friend and several Mexican locals, they travel to the mysterious island, and soon discover the danger of which awaits them. Despite some spooky, sometimes threatening incidences, Emily is determined to crack the case. Will she accept the truth, before she too remains a doll. An intelligent 15-year-old high school student is unexpectedly transferred to a boarding school where he opens a portal of monsters from another dimension. Group of coeds looking for fun at cabin on the lake and find the cabin wasn't always used for rest and relaxation. As their big day approaches Cate and Cody should be celebrating, they've got their family with them, they've rented an island for the big day, but unbeknownst to them their wedding falls on the day when a 100 year old curse comes to fruition. Instead of celebrating they find themselves fighting for their lives as a coven of witches rise for revenge.  A group of friends go on a vacation in Phuket after their high school graduation. They build their tents next to the beach but unfortunately for them, a huge storm forces them to move indoors into a nearby hotel. They decide to sleep at the hotel for the night. However, they are all woken up by the same horrible dream of a Tsunami disaster. A gruesome sight greets them as they open their eyes; the hotel is filled with wrapped dead bodies. They crawl through the dead bodies hoping to escape from the hotel. A young man who works as a graphic designer. He stayed in the condo alone. But the long day, he began to wonder if he might not be alone. When a major incident room to his girl friend. Eventually, he began to wonder about the previous tenant. She is a woman and has disappeared without a trace. To unravel this story inspired by a trip to her hometown in Cambodia. To find out who she is and what happened to her, anyway. It's the last night of the fall semester, and all over campus parties are raging.  While alcohol flows, Richard and Shawn argue over what to do with Noopie, the mysterious upperclassman passed out on their floor. After a blizzard seals them in the dorm with a handful of hapless friends, Noopie awakes and uses a mix of drugs, booze and sex to manipulate the group to their physical and emotional breaking points over the longest, most dangerous night of their young lives. Will it be their last? Dark Roads 79" is a horror thriller set in 1979, about a southern rock band known as Dark Roads, who's time in the spotlight has come to an abrupt end. To find a new sound and regain their fame and fortune, they head to a secluded cabin. until they discover that the front man of the band sold his soul for the fame and fortune and now the time has come to collect! A desperate, childless couple kidnap a pregnant woman and lead her husband to believe that she is dead. Buried deep beneath the earth for a hundred years Jonathan had to sacrifice his own soul and become a vampire in order to find his true love. Meanwhile, a beautiful young woman, Victoria, wakes from recurring dreams of a time when she was in love. It is clear that Victoria is Jonathan's true love and when they finally meet, they realize that their souls are forever intertwined. Victoria finds herself caught between her immortal love and her mortal ties. Jonathan has made the ultimate sacrifice for her - his own mortality. Will she now do the same for him? Directed by Cris Macht. With the space program attempting to travel to Mars, 21st century scientists were tasked with warming up the planet so that humans could survive on its surface. They came up with an efficient and cost effective plan of sending cockroaches and mold to the surface so that the mold would absorb the sunlight and the insect corpses would serve as a food source for the mold.  It is now the year 2577 and the first manned ship to Mars has landed on the planet and the six crew members are ready for their mission. But what they find are giant mutated humanoid cockroaches with incredible physical strength. The crew members are easily wiped out, but not before sending a transmission back to Earth. Now, humanity will send elite warriors to exterminate the mutated bugs and claim back Mars. Ashlee Fridenberg and Natalie Hansen are two college students. On a crazy week, they decide to take a Ryan Air flight to spend the weekend in the forests in a famous camping reserve in Spain. Expecting other students and party, they find themselves alone until they discover there's a peculiar resident. Christensen Jacobson, will help them around to discover what the mountains have to offer. What they don't really know is that there's something going on on those mountains. The thriller Boxed addresses the little-known fact that the Irish Republican Army would bring in sympathetic priests to administer last rites to those they were about to execute. The film analyzes the fallout that occurs when one of these priests ha a change of heart, deciding to fight for the life of the captive. ~ Perry Seibert, Rovi While watching two children on Halloween night, a babysitter finds an old VHS tape in the kids' trick or treat bag. The tape features three tales of terror, all linked together by a murderous clown. As the night goes on strange things begin to occur in the house. It isn't long before the babysitter learns the horrifying truth... the maniacal clown is slowly working his way into her reality. For one month every year, five highly competitive friends hit the ground running in a no-holds-barred game of tag they've been playing since the first grade. This year, the game coincides with the wedding of their only undefeated player, which should finally make him an easy target. But he knows they're coming...and he's ready. A group of people stop by a mansion during a storm and discover two magical toy makers, and their haunted collection of dolls. The sadistic tale of a lonely, mentally handicapped boy who befriends his reflection in an antique mirror. This demonic creature orders him to go on a murderous rampage to kill the people he loves most. Cold Moon takes place in tiny Babylon, Fla., where the granddaughter of Clark's character is murdered by a mysterious assailant, her body sunk into the black waters of the Styx River -- the river where her parents disappeared from their boat a decade earlier. Suspicion falls on a duplicitous banker and his wealthy father, played by Stewart and Lloyd. A homicide detective teams up with a criminal profiler to catch a serial killer whose crimes are inspired by the children's game, Hangman. A group of teens faces various horrors in a secluded provincial town. Five friends on a road trip to see their favorite band are detoured along the way, and when they become lost, they find they're willing to do anything to survive the night. On a quiet suburban street tucked within a 'safe neighborhood', a babysitter must defend a twelve-year-old boy from strangers breaking into the house, only to discover that this is far from a normal home invasion. Asterix and Obelix have to win the Olympic Games in order to help their friend Alafolix marry Princess Irina (portrayed by supermodel Vanessa Hessler). Brutus (Benoit Poelvoorde) uses every trick in the book to have his own team win the game, and get rid of his father Julius Caesar (Alain Delon) in the process. Three tales of terror from the devil's private collection of 8mm films. A paranormal investigation team investigates a house neighboring one that was burned down in suspicious circumstances. The video shows the investigation of both houses, time spent in the house, and fallout. A bunch of really cool stuff happens, just watch it. Trust me. Christine Summers has been working in an NGO in Nepal for the past four years. Her boss assigns her to do a last mission in Ruku to collect information of the life outside of the cities, before she leaves for the United States. Leaving for the mission with her crew and her guide; they take shelter in a small village called Zhigrana; an area known for a killer on the loose who sacrifices humans in the name of Kaal Panchami, a mythical ghost. When they start to turn against each other regarding a death of a friend and with no one to trust: it is now up to Christine to figure out who the killer is. Is it the ghost of Kaal Panchami or is the truth even stranger than that? Short by James Benning. A young woman returns to the secluded, abandoned psychological research facility where her deceased mother once worked. Accompanied by three friends, she discovers that the ghosts of the past have found their way to the present when the hospital's legacy of experimentation and madness tears away all known bounds of time, memory and space. Sara lived a seemingly normal life before she had a Ouija board experience that unleashed a dark spirit. The spirit wants Sara to relive it's tortured past, and compels her to commit murder towards one of her family members or loved ones. Sara resists these threats and tries to stand against the power but she's forced to either watch her loved ones die one after the other, or obey the spirit and kill only one of them herself, as the spirit had done to her own son, long before. Sara must kill only one, and face the regret and pain of committing murder, or watch everyone around her die. A young woman uses her grandmother's tarot cards to find her missing boyfriend. Brides to Be is an existential supernatural drama about love and the struggle to conquer hate. A quiet town is jumpstarted by the arrival of an enigmatic family; a statuesque mother named Louisa and her gorgeous teenage sons. Sixteen Year-Old Hilary is working hard to get good grades, hoping to escape the small town life a long line of relatives lived before her. With the arrival of the mysterious family just weeks before school is to let out, life suddenly becomes appealing. Hilary's father is instantly charmed by Louisa, while she herself finds a strong connection to middle son Kadin, ignoring her dubious instincts. As the town falls under the hypnotic spell of the young men, no one but Hilary sees the peculiar loyalty that holds them together and the lengths they will go to give their mother what she needs until it's far too late. When a medical experiment turns into a blood-soaked nightmare, the only surviving subject flees for her life. Painfully missing her most precious memories of childhood, pummelled by horrific hallucinations, and pursued by those who stand to profit from her damaged brain, Amber Sheridan embarks on a cross-country road trip to track down a mysterious stranger - a man who has the ability to end Amber's madness, and restore the memories that have been stolen from her. A former private eye traveling alone picks up a girl while a ghastly threat is unleashed in a nearby pharmaceutical facility. Following the events of Ju-on: The Beginning of the End, Mai, the older sister of elementary schoolteacher Yui Shono, goes to look for her sister, who disappeared after a year while working in an elementary school. Mai soon discovers the Teriyaki household who tells her about what happened to her sister. Mai will now uncover the dark secrets of Ju-on and will try to end the curse once and for all. Years after his release from jail, Sam Parsons is trying to build his life with his wife Courtney and their young daughter Harper. He works hard to provide for his family and afford their beautiful home in their quiet suburban neighborhood. When supernatural occurrences start to happen in the house, Sam fears for the safety of his wife and daughter. When the occurrences turn into attacks, Sam hires Corbin Carlysle and his reality TV show ghost hunting team known as "The Ghost Killers", to help him battle the dark entity that's lurking in the shadows of his home. As things start to escalate and it becomes clear that this entity is much more dangerous than your typical ghost, complications arise when Corbin and his team are more focused on fame and fortune. To win this fight Sam must battle his own inner demons and revert back to his violent past. In order to save the ones he loves a Demon must face a Demon. When a law student uncovers chilling secrets and places her life at risk, a bitter, rough-around-the-edges detective gets assigned to her case. A newlywed couple finds their lake-country honeymoon descend into chaos after Paul finds his wife wandering and disoriented in the middle of the night. On August 16, 2013, the Supreme Court mandated the CIA to declassify files that had been kept secret for the past 75 years. Visual records of documented paranormal events were released to the public. The following incident took place in Gracefield, Quebec. Popular prank TV show, Scare Campaign, has been entertaining audiences for the last 5 years with its mix of old school scares and hidden camera fun. But as we enter a new age of online TV the producers find themselves up against a new hard edged web series which makes their show look decidedly quaint. It's time to up the ante, but will the team go too far this time, and are they about to prank the wrong guy? Plagued by the abuse of her past and the turmoil of failed intimate encounters, Laura struggles to find a lover and a sense of normalcy. Her beacon of hope comes in sixteen year-old Eva, a talented pianist disillusioned by the life her mother imposes upon her. An unlikely relationship is formed between the two and Eva becomes an obsession to Laura. In light of Eva's unhappiness, Laura convinces her to runaway to her house and they soon find themselves caught within an intense entanglement. Manipulation, denial and codependency fuel what ultimately becomes a fractured dynamic that can only sustain itself for so long.  A drag racer becomes a paraplegic, but he undergoes a religious conversion. Three manic idiots--a lawyer, cab driver and a handyman--team up to run a ballet company to fulfil the will of a millionaire. Stooge-like antics result as the trio try to outwit the rich widow and her scheming big-shot lawyer, who also wants to run the ballet. Jack Brookfield, a gambler with clairvoyant and hypnotic powers, is able to win at cards through his unique gift. But when he inadvertently hypnotizes young Clay Thorne, Thorne kills an enemy of Brookfield's while under a trance. No one believes Brookfield's protestations that Thorne is innocent of any murderous intent, so Brookfield teams up with retired lawyer Martin Prentice in hopes of saving the young man from the gallows. In September 2012, four film students mysteriously disappeared while making a documentary at an abandoned building in downtown Mexico City. This is the footage recovered from the shooting. With nowhere else to hide, a group of mercenaries and their prisoners take cover inside a long abandoned Bulldog tank. But, while they try to keep the forces outside at bay, the real enemy is already among them, locked inside the 'Belly of the Bulldog'. After collaborating closely with Ben Wheatley on FREE FIRE, HIGH-RISE, A FIELD IN ENGLAND and KILL LIST, director Nick Gillespie makes his feature debut. A pair of brothers encounters violent forces inside the walls of an old orphanage. Chris is lonely, marginally employed, unhappy, and bored, lost in the urban decay of Atlanta, GA. Some might call him a loser, others might describe him as a ticking time bomb. Then he meets a neighbor, Jeff, his exact opposite. Handsome, cool, confident, and strong, Chris begins following Jeff, and as casual interest becomes dangerous obsession, Chris finds himself stumbling across a series of brutal, inhuman murders committed in his neighborhood. A chemical accident turns ordinary donuts into blood thirsty killers. Now it's up to Johnny, Michelle and Howard to save their sleepy town from...Killer Donuts. Seemingly at random, the wings and other bits of moths and insects move rapidly across the screen. Most are brown or sepia; up close, we can see patterns within wings, similar to the veins in a leaf. Sometimes the images look like paper cutouts, like Matisse. Green objects occasionally appear. Most wings are translucent. The technique makes them appear to be stuck directly to the film. A party turns bizarre when a malevolent book makes its way into the hands of the attendees who reveal its tales of monsters, madmen and the supernatural. Six of the worlds scariest psychopaths escape from a local Asylum and proceed to unleash terror on the unsuspecting crowd of a Halloween Funhouse whose themed mazes are inspired by their various reigns of terror.  A middle-aged couple has a drifter enter their lives. The fish-store owners find that the mysterious young man awakens the couple in ways they didn't expect. Things get tense when the drifter begins an affair with the woman of the house. Jett, an indie filmmaker in search of a bone-chilling thrill, persuades his girlfriend Emma and friends to accompany him in an unauthorized weekend stay at a haunted cabin near Devil's Creek in Michigan. Upon their stay, they are harassed and terrorized by an evil spirit that refuses to let them leave the haunted grounds...ALIVE! No overview. Europe 1815. War rages across the continent.  Fallen Soldiers tells the story of a British soldier trapped behind enemy lines. A young noblewoman's coach is hijacked and her husband murdered by a desperate British soldier. At gunpoint, the soldier spins her an outlandish tale of plagues, conspiracies, and dead men returning from the grave. A young journalist named Jin Maddison has traced the origin of many Christmas traditions to a remote town in the Midwest called Selah. Years ago another famous journalist died in an accident there while investigating the same story. Jin travels to Selah hoping to unravel the mystery, suspicious of a darker truth behind the festive holiday. Upon arrival she's stunned by the lack of decorations, lights, and signs, as well as the refusal of most locals to even talk about 'Christmas'. After a violent encounter she's saved by Private Investigator Amy Carson, who is trailing several Missing Persons cases that have led her to Selah. As they continue prying, they realize that the secrets Selah is hiding are far more terrifying than they could've ever imagined. Grindsploitation 4 is going to be nastier than ever, more shocking, more gore, more blood. Killer faux grindhouse film trailers a homage to the video nasty era of films. Joe just told his boyfriend, George, that he is a serial killer. George thinks that his boyfriend, Joe, is hilarious... and he just saw Patricia Arquette at Target!!! In the horror/comedy hybrid, 'You're Killing Me', we take a look at the life and death consequences of dating in the age of incessant chatter. Joe and George meet just as Joe is coming out to himself as someone who loves to kill. George, on the other hand, can't decide which wig to wear for his next YouTube video. As George's friends start disappearing, one by one, he must face the undeniable fact that Gretchen might not be coming back with crushed ice for his party #YouDontNeedIceForChardonnay. H.P. Lovecraft anthology is divided into four segments: "The Library" which is the wraparound segment involving Lovecraft's research into the Book of The Dead and his unwitting release of a monster and his writing of the following horror segments "The Drowned", "The Cold", and "Whispers". Quintanilla family was found dead in their country side house. Police reported the existence of 37 hours of recorded evidence. The family traveled to their old farm house, where they investigated about the Legend of the Girl in the Garraf woods. They used to record whatever they did. Atrocious shows the last five days of this family, and the strange situations that they lived in those moments and which remain unexplained. Thirty-one twisted tales made from a collective of genre loving filmmakers, Fun Size Horror: Volume One aims to chill and delight horror fans. From classic slashers and creature features, to horror-comedy and hauntings all made into bite size pieces. Like a bag of Halloween candy after a night of trick or treating, Fun Size Horror: Volume One is filled with the unexpected and not without the threat of the occasional razor blade. Which leaves only one question: Trick or treat? A group visits Saipan to search for locations for their company's newest resort. As they find what they think is the perfect spot, they discover a hidden bunker on the property which they decide to explore. However, they soon find out that curiosity can kill. As each member faces their most private secrets and the secrets of the bunker itself, the results lead to a most shocking conclusion. An author uncovers information for his new book which leads him to the conclusion that the Mad Axeman is more than just a legend ... After Dr. Bill Harford's wife, Alice, admits to having sexual fantasies about a man she met, Bill becomes obsessed with having a sexual encounter. He discovers an underground sexual group and attends one of their meetings -- and quickly discovers that he is in over his head. 1970's pop culture icons Danny Bonaduce and Barry Williams face off in the hunt for the legendary mountain creature. After their regular babysitter cancels, the Thompson family turns to her friend, Anna to supervise their children while the parents go out to celebrate their anniversary. At first Anna seems like a dream come true to the kids, allowing them to eat extra cookies and play with things that are usually off-limits, but as her behaviour becomes increasingly odd, the kids soon find out that her intentions are dark and twisted--and she is not who she seems to be. A haunted house from Dutch era colonial gives nightmare to a mother with two daughter. Deep in the heart of Las Vegas, Nevada a group of local up and coming escorts become targets for murder! A deranged slasher is on the loose and out for revenge. From the studios that brought you Amerikan Holokaust and Die Die Delta comes a blood-soaked tale about prostitutes who fall victim to a mysterious slasher A desperate attraction. A beautiful homicide cop goes undercover in the steamy world of modeling to catch a serial killer and becomes enmeshed in a torrid affair with the prime suspect in this erotic thriller starring Lee Anne Beaman and Doug Jeffrey. Starring Garrett Schweighauser, Casey Nicholas Price and directed by Matthew Rocca. A vampire posing as a priest creates a cult of blood thirsty humans and is responsible for a number of killings beginning with a massacre at a church. The satellite has vanished and the only clue is a trail leading to a small village nestled on the outskirts of forest line. As the team begins to investigate they quickly discover that something else came back from space, something not of this world. As their time runs out, the team must battle to unlock the terrifying truth behind the ill-fated mission. A team of highly skilled Navy SEALS find themselves embarking on the battle of their lives when they come face-to-face with the undead. After a deadly outbreak occurs in New Orleans, the SEALS must fight for their lives, and the city, against an army of zombies. True story of Ashraf Marwan, who was President Nasser's son-in-law and special adviser and confidant to his successor Anwar Sadat - while simultaneously Israeli Intelligence's most precious asset of the 20th century. Based on NYT bestselling book 'The Angel: The Egyptian Spy Who Saved Israel' by Uri Bar-Joseph. When their car crashes, 4 college kids seek help in Emeryville - a dilapidated village. New comers discover that place was once a ground for clinical experiments gone awry and plot an escape. They find themselves hunted by crazies. A young, deranged girl runs an illegal Massage Parlor in the back of her house. When the patrons come in, she kills them and uses their blood in a ritual to resurrect her dead lover. An alcoholic cop experiences blackouts and starts turning into a werewolf when the full moon appears in the sky. A strict grandma comes back from the dead to discipline her may-ward grand daughter. Claire and her husband find themselves moving back into Claire's childhood home only to have the abusive and traumatic memories of her mother come back to haunt her. As her husband starts to get more work, Claire finds herself mixed up in a fog of past and present with a mysterious figure haunting her memories. What is this small figure that is trying to reach out to her, and what does it want? A lonely guy falls for a girl from the wrong side of the tracks. When she finds herself in trouble with some very bad people he goes to extreme measures to keep her safe. When a litter of dalmatian puppies are abducted by the minions of Cruella De Vil, the parents must find them before she uses them for a diabolical fashion statement. A thriller centered on a widower who moves into a seemingly perfect new home with his daughter and new wife. An aspiring young physician, Robert Merivel found himself in the service of King Charles II and saves the life of someone close to the King. Merivel joins the King's court and lives the high life provided to someone of his position. Merivel is ordered to marry his King's mistress in order to divert the queens suspicions. He is given one order by the king and that is not to fall in love. The situation worsens when Merivel finds himself in love with his new wife. Eventually, the King finds out and relieves Merivel of his position and wealth. His fall from grace leaves Merivel where he first started. And through his travels and reunions with an old friend, he rediscovers his love for true medicine and what it really means to be a physician. A group of young people awake, locked inside a warehouse with cameras screwed into their heads. It becomes apparent that they are unwilling competitors in a deadly game, and they will need to murder each other if they hope to survive. Available for The 1st Time!  Exclusive footage taken from one of Prince and the N.P.G.'s infamous aftershow parties!  Act II Aftershow - Bagley's Warehouse, London : 8th September 1993 (am) Ustaz Adam has to help a friend whose village is corrupted by a group of misguided religionists lead by a sinister sorcerer. To make matter worse, Adam himself is also being mysteriously haunted by evil apparitions that keeps disturbing him from time to time. She survived a brutal massacre, but lost her life. What happens to the final girl once the credits have rolled? Five years ago, a masked killer brutally murdered a group of friends. Since then, Camryn, the lone survivor, has tried to make sense of the homicidal events and struggled to reclaim her shattered life. Wracked with guilt and paranoia, can Camryn ever have a normal existence again or is she destined to cope alone forever? Part slasher movie, part character study, take a penetrating and intimate look at what happens to the remaining true victim of every horror movie. A corporate risk-management consultant must determine whether or not to terminate an artificial being's life that was made in a laboratory environment. A film crew is ravaged by a demon, who is hell bent on cashing in on a deal he made with someone on set who was seeking fame and fortune. A collection of short stories about the unknown The reinvigorated elderly group that left Earth comes back to visit their relatives. Will they all decide to go back to the planet where no one grows old, or will they be tempted to remain on Earth? Once upon a time there lived a Tsar named Yeremey who went on a year-long journey to take inventory of all he owned. One day he is kidnapped by the underwater Tsar Chudo-Yudo. When a ransom is demanded, the Tsar's family is faced with all kinds of intrigue and treachery. A collection of gut-twisting and nerve-shredding tales, all Frankstein'd together to form a feature-length monster of the best and bloodiest in short-film horror. A supernatural thriller about a young woman named Senka, who resorts to the supernatural to resurrect her husband, but must deal with the consequences as Hell creeps into her home. A New York stockbroker refuses to cooperate in a large securities fraud case involving corruption on Wall Street, corporate banking world and mob infiltration. Based on Jordan Belfort's autobiography.  Teenage girl finds out, through her dreams and hallucinations, that she has a rather violent and morbid past. She sets out to right the wrong but her journey will take her to hell and back. Children join B1 and B2 on a wonderful adventure through a fun-filled world. Minik and Hans are best friends in their early twenties in Greenland. Minik being down and Hans trying to cheer him up they look for an some excitement and a break from the mundane boredom. They learn about a claimed local haunted house and decide to have a sleep over to see what is real and what is not. France, June 1944. On the eve of D-Day, some American paratroopers fall behind enemy lines after their aircraft crashes while on a mission to destroy a radio tower in a small village near the beaches of Normandy. After reaching their target, the surviving paratroopers realise that, in addition to fighting the Nazi troops that patrol the village, they also must fight against something else. An original video anime bundled with a limited-number edition of Corpse Party -The Anthology- Sachiko no Renai Yuugi Hysteric Birthday 2U (kopusupatei -THE ANTHOLOGY- sachikonoLian Ai You Xi Hysteric Birthday 2U) spinoff game. Jennifer Hills is still tormented by the brutal sexual assault she endured years ago. She's changed identities and cities, reluctantly joining a support group where she begins to piece together a new life. But when her new friend's murderer goes free and the tales of serial rapists haunt her, Jennifer will hunt down the men responsible and do what the system won't - make them pay for their crimes in the most horrific ways imaginable. Only this time, no jury may be able to save her.  A photographer's life becomes dangerous when one of his models is murdered. Mill Valley, Pennsylvania, Halloween night, 1968. After playing a joke on a school bully, Sarah and her friends decide to sneak into a supposedly haunted house that once belonged to the powerful Bellows family, unleashing dark forces that they will be unable to control. When aspiring horror filmmakers post an online casting call looking for "real life" monsters to interview for their upcoming documentary called, The Monster Project, they find three individuals claiming to be a skin-walker, a vampire, and a demon. Meeting these monsters at a remote mansion in the woods on the night of a total lunar eclipse, the filmmakers invite the three subjects to share their haunting, personal experiences. Working on the crew is a recovering drug addict who suffers withdrawal and paranoia. As a person of faith, he fears his friends underestimate the dark powers they are summoning. When the interviews turn deadly, he must battle the demons, inside and out, to escape the house and defeat the rise of evil incarnate. Legendary luchador, Mil Mascaras, faces unbelievable horrors when the vengeful head of an Aztec chief is resurrected on a college campus.  In Nightscape, an emotionally guarded drifter, Kat (Galesh), crosses paths with a phantom car responsible for a wave of supernatural violence. The drifter must learn to trust again if she is to end a lifetime of bad luck and help her new found companions survive the growing chaos and carnage. In turn-of-the-century New York, an Italian seeks vengeance on the mobsters who killed his father. On their way home from a camping trip, a group of friends become stuck in an eerie forest when their car breaks down. There, they meet a mysterious stranger who warns of monsters lurking in the forest - will they make it out alive?  Based on the popular computer game of the same name. After two years in prison, John Spinelli is a free man. But as he grapples with his mad mix of macabre neighbors, John realizes something evil governs his new neighborhood. Can he convince authorities he is innocent? Or will he wish he was back behind bars? In the future, a strange fungus has changed nearly everyone into a thoughtless, flesh-eating monster. When a scientist and a teacher find a girl who seems to be immune to the fungus, they all begin a journey to save humanity. After school young Tristan watches seven tales of terror on his favorite horror website, "BEDTIMESCARRIES.com". On their way home from a camping trip, a group of friends become stuck in an eerie forest when their car breaks down. There, they meet a mysterious stranger who warns of monsters lurking in the forest - will they make it out alive?  Based on the popular computer game of the same name. There is a package with 4 phones, and each phone has a video on it. They will then learn curiosity did kill, when their lives become a part of the terror which is "Camera Phone 2". In central Pennsylvania a professional paranormal team travels to a haunted house to investigate it and end up uncovering more than they ever imagined. Kate Mulgrew is a traditional, old-fashioned mother, married to an overworked college professor (Jack Bannon), who has chosen to be a housewife and raise their four children because she wants to. An official adaptation of the cult horror film Oculus. The film revolves around a haunted mirror. It shows the emotional journey of siblings Natasha Merchant played by Huma Qureshi and Kabeer Merchant played by Saqib Saleem dealing with the death of their parents. When a couple of American young adults fly to Israel to visit the city of Jerusalem, a biblical nightmare falls upon the city A man who figures out the hard way agoraphobia isn't his biggest problem. Eric is in his mid twenties and suffers from severe anxiety. He spends his days trying to get rid of his inner demons , this is by consuming lots of alcohol and the drugs he comes across . Why does Eric feel and act like this, and will his behavior never end? That's the question his film friend Jeppe wants to find an answer to, but rarely get any response when Eric mostly keeps to himself or with his drug buddy Jonas . Eric also has a sister who he is trying to strengthen its relationship with now and then , but that's easier said than done when she is busy to fit up his DJ Genius for boyfriend, Johannes. The story follows a team of highly trained operatives who find themselves trapped inside an isolated military compound.  A young rich orphan loses his fiancee to voodoo doll mischief on the part of his housekeeper who is jealous of his attentions. He digs his girlfriend up, cleans her out, stuffs her, and puts her in bed at the mansion. Following this, he tries out and disposes of a series of young maidens, trying to find the right replacement for her, and the disapproving housekeeper helps him with the disposals. The modern world holds many secrets, but by far the most astounding is that witches still live among us; vicious supernatural creatures intent on unleashing the Black Death upon the world and putting an end to the human race once and for all. Armies of witch hunters have battled this unnatural enemy for centuries, including Kaulder, a valiant warrior who many years ago slayed the all-powerful Witch Queen, decimating her followers in the process. In the moments right before her death, the Queen cursed Kaulder with immortality, forever separating him from his beloved wife and daughter. Today, Kaulder is the last living hunter who has spent his immortal life tracking down rogue witches, all the while yearning for his long-lost family. Original in its sincere, lyrical realism, The River is a naturalistic melodrama otherwise characteristic of the period. Shot in sunbathed pastoral locations by Jan Stallich (Ecstasy), the story of first love between a sturdy village boy and a country girl is filmed with a movingly genuine charm. The countdown to terror has begun. Astronaut Eli Cologne became the first man on Mars, but something went horribly wrong. Infected by an alien organism, he returned to Earth a savage monster with an unquenchable thirst for human flesh. Based on the true events revolving around Beaver Island, Michigan, and King James Strang Albania 1997. Some ghostly, deteriorated video footage keeps Julien awake and obsesses him every night. Almost two decades after the murder of his wife, Angela, Julien returns to Albania with a determination to investigate her mysterious death, amidst a sea of impossible records, police files and visions of Beyond. A simple night of babysitting takes a horrifying turn when Helen realizes the boogeyman really is in little Lucas' closet. To maintain his powers, the evil wizard Traigon must sacrifice his firstborn child to the god Caligara. His wife, however, has other ideas and runs away after giving birth with her twin daughters. Before dying, she hands the girls over to the warrior Krona who promises to raise them as great soldiers. Twenty years later, Traigon returns and begins hunting down his daughters once again. Will the twins, with the help of the Barbarian Erlik and the Viking Baldar, be able to defeat their father? The Mind's Eye follows a drifter with telekinetic abilities who targets a doctor who is creating a synthetic telekinetic power serum.  Greece. A seaside resort struck by a heavy heat wave. Water is scarce and violence is ready to explode. Ashraf, a solitary immigrant, is looking after a villa while its owners are away. On a dusty road crushed by the sun, he is stopped by a police officer for an identity check... A man brings objects to life in a struggle to recreate the lost memory of his mother's last day. Workaholic Jim Evers and his wife/business partner, Sara get a call one night from mansion owner, Edward Gracey wants to sell his house. Once the Evers family arrive at the mansion a butler takes them to dine with Gracey. Gracey takes one look at Sara and he thinks she's his lost lover. It's Christmas time in Cleveland, Ohio and four young ladies are on the verge of completing their mandatory thirty days of community service. With only one night to go, they are required to make a series of in-home visits to the older and less fortunate. Upon arriving at their final stop for the night, they become introduced to a pleasant older woman who graciously welcomes them into her home for the evening. However, as darkness falls and the cold settles in, they begin to realize that there is far more to their seemingly innocent host than meets the eye. Unable to cope with life changes, a sex addicted thug turns himself into a woman. A girl haunted by traumatic events takes us on a mesmerising journey through 100 years of horror cinema to explore how filmmakers scare us - and why we let them. 1. 'Driver' Told by an attractive female customer that he'll receive a lot of money if he kills her, chauffeur In-sik decides to take her up on the offer... 2. '11:55 PM' Translator Young-ran, working overtime alone at his publication office, is about to call it a night-but at 11:55 PM, somebody buzzes.... 3. 'atmosFEAR' High-end audio equipment in hand, sound designer Kwanghyun heads to the park at night to record the ambiance. Through his headphones, however, he hears something entirely different. 4. 'The Secret Night' Young female employee Youngmin, given incentive to steal sensitive company information, sneaks into the office at night. Everything goes according to plan-but on her way out, she runs into fellow coworker Hayoon, who won't seem to let her leave. Slowly, their long-suppressed inner feelings start to come out... Whilst on their way to a concert four friends get sidetracked and stranded in a seemingly abandoned town and whilst looking for help find themselves stalked and terrorised by a gang of violent clown dressed psychopaths who will stop at nothing ensnaring them into their sinister blood thirsty games. A single mom tries to break free from a mysterious organization that has abducted her. Years it has waited, now someone's moved in. Through the eyes of the evil within we witness a broken family desperately seeking a new beginning, in a new home, but this house lives, watches and wants them to stay, forever. A group of high school seniors embark on a spring break camping trip to investigate the myths they had been researching and learning from their History teacher. During their trip, they stumble on an old haunted Indian Burial ground and get more than they bargained for when some of the group start to vanish. This film showcases some of the best that Northern Michigan has to offer, along with an all-star cast. A coven of young women with incredible powers and difficult pasts discovers that they are able to make their every wish come true. Things, however, take a dangerous turn when they discover that their newly-found abilities come with a price and that they may not be as in control as they think. Director and Israeli army veteran Ari Folman interviews friends and former soldiers about their memories of  the 1982 Lebanon war and especially the Sabra and Shatila massacre in Beirut. The usage on animation enabled Folman to illustrate their personal memories and dreams. Horror exploitation anthology from twisted minds of filmmakers from across the globe. Hye-Joong (Jung So-Min) can't remember anything before the age of 4. Every night she experiences terrible nightmares. Unable to cope with the nightmares anymore, she heeds the advice of a shaman and goes back to the villa where her family stayed 24 years ago. The villa is now known as "Wonderland." There, she meets Hwan (Hong Jong-Hyun), Soo-Ryun (Jung Yeon-Joo) and a white rabbit. During the next 15 days, Hye-Joong has to find something that is missing. If she succeeds her nightmares will stop. After failing to discover supernatural beings and spirits in famous haunted locations that are known for their local horror stories, a group of paranormal researchers gives up on the existence of such spiritual beings, until they discover an abandoned police station in Gombak. Whether you're a fan of Sydney's iconic genre film festival A Night of Horror, or just a fan of the best and bloodiest in new horror cinema, you can't afford to miss this fright-filled anthology. Zombies, demonic entities, self-surgery, cannibalism and more await in the dark corners of this terrifying offering from some of the most talented filmmakers working in the genre today. After atmospheric catastrophes send Los Angeles into chaos, three groups of survivors who escaped the city must put aside their differences to face a series of apocalyptic events. As they learn to work together they are faced with an even greater nightmare, giant gravity swells that contain thousands of giant killer bees, intent on ushering in the end of the world. Executive George Dupler loses his temper and is demoted to the night manager at a 24 hour drugstore. After he suggests to his teenage son Freddie that he stop having an affair with suburban housewife Cheryl Gibbons, who is a distant cousin, Cheryl tries to seduce George. At home, in front of his mother, Freddie accuses his dad of stealing his girl, because he found Cheryl serving George a meal in the middle of the night, while her husband Bobby was on duty at the fire station. George then separates from his wife Helen, quits his job, moves into a warehouse, and asks Cheryl to move in with him A group of Americans travel to Siberia where a friend died stabbed. Soon, they will discover their hosts are involved in the occult. Coming of age story about two inner city youths, who are left to fend for themselves over the summer after their mothers are taken away by the authorities. Dan leads his friends to the outskirts of town to stage a surprise welcome party for his sister. The friends will go through the test of their lives as each person will eventually realize that there might be no going back home. A group of teenage girls heading into the city hook up with a gang of drug-addled ne'er-do-wells and are brutally murdered. The killers find their way to the home of one of their victim's parents, where both father and mother exact a horrible revenge. A young girl is hunted by a ferocious demon who is the son of the devil, as a result of her mother's black magic that was left under the girl's bed. Three friends on a wilderness excursion must outrun a white collar criminal hellbent on retrieving his cash, but soon their greed turns them against each other. A modern re-telling of Treasure of the Sierra Madre (1948). Cynthia O'Neil enters a haunted asylum known as the Madison Seminary in search of her father who went missing in the asylum while shooting a reality television show. "Roy (David Gunning) is the nice guy who finishes last. Sick of his current situation, he accepts an invitation to have Christmas dinner with the beautiful and strangely alluring Emilia (Camille Montgomery). Once at dinner, Roy realizes that Emilia and her oddball brother Edward (Jon Paul Burkhart) are not what they seem." Set in the small town of Devil's Gate, North Dakota, the film examines the disappearance of a local woman and her young son. Schull plays an FBI agent who helps the local sheriff search for answers. Partnering with a deputy , they track down the missing woman's husband and find that nothing is as it seems. A horror anthology film harking back to the mid 70's and 80's, inspired by Amicus productions and Creepshow, this Polonia bros. film was shot in 1987 and was never finished, lost for nearly 30 years. Witness three tales, told by a hooded monk on  the titular Channel 13. A video game geek returns from some arcade fun to watch movies  on TV and can only get reception on Channel 13. He views tales of decadence and horror, containing  killer scarecrows, monster birds, and cannibal spaghetti farm owners! Everyone deserves a great love story. But for seventeen-year old Simon Spier it's a little more complicated: he's yet to tell his family or friends he's gay and he doesn't know the identity of the anonymous classmate he's fallen for online. A fraternity president becomes obsessed with a young coed but his hopeful courtship decays into sinister pursuit as unnatural secrets surface about his brotherhood. A respected journalist manages to obtain an interview with a reclusive author. But as the interview progresses, the reality between the writer's latest novel and the world around her begin to blur. What begins as a night filled with nostalgic happiness, transforms into something much more sinister, as the daylight begins to fade. And as the sunset casts a shadow on the neighborhood, it provides and ideal backdrop for he who roams it's alleys. An American man awakes in a hospital just to learn about the zombie apocalypse. Two unlikely heroes team up to solve an ongoing killing spree targeting clients and coworkers of a t-shirt printing business. A heroin addict undergoes a radical new kind of treatment for her condition; but the drug 'Deimosimine' instead creates for her a world of horror and blood. Is she the victim? The monster? Or both? Introverted Juan, manager of a mannequin factory, lives alone with his eighteen-year-old gay son, Pablo. Whilst Pablo blithely studies dance, Juan is hoping that, after twenty-five years at the firm, his boss will consider him for a partnership. When Pablo is badly wounded in a brutal homophobic attack which sees him hospitalised, his father realises just how far they have become estranged. A lack of witnesses and expensive medical bills force Juan to leave the quiet stability of his life for good and reposition himself in a world where there is discrimination. Time and again his efforts come to nought, until one night on the streets of Santiago he makes up his own rules in order to save his son. A government witness is locked inside an experimental halfway house with six violent criminals. With no way out, this safe haven soon becomes a bloody slaughterhouse of violence. In a retro 80's low budget slasher style, these rejects of society must all band together to survive the night. Two filmmakers attempt to make the perfect sequel to "To Jennifer," however a dark secret threatens the lives of everyone involved. Jennifer, a beautiful actress, now has two options: become the heroine of the film, or face a brutal death. An aging photographer's obsession with an early form of photography draws his assistant and daughter into a work of mystery. Four men head into the remote woods on an annual camping trip. As one of them gradually loses his mind, the weekend of fun takes a turn for the worse and the other three must fight for their lives. A gang of crazed punkers breaks into a family's vacation home in the mountains and slaughters the entire family, except for one daughter who gets away. As the gang pursues the girl through the snow, they slowly realize that some kind of murderous creature is chasing them... A bumbling young film crew, shooting a low-budget horror movie in an abandoned orphanage, discovers that a family of sadistic killers has rewritten their script. Michael Chambers has come home to Austin, Texas. To the mother who's starting a new life and the brother driven by old jealousies. To the places he remembers and the memories he can't forget. And to Rachel, the woman he married and then betrayed with his passion for gambling. Now she's together with Tommy Dundee, a man no one trifles with. He takes care of her in a way Michael never could, but there's a price for his attention and Rachel knows this. And when Michael devises a plan to get Rachel out from under Tommy's control, they become entangled in a web of intrigue, danger and desire from which no one escapes unscathed. A group of friends goes to an island for a short film project when they are attacked by a mysterious killer after playing a game of bloody crayons. A modern loft reveals its past when new tenants arrive as this former slaughterhouse exposes the evilness still existing within the walls. When CIA operative Miles Kendig deliberately lets KGB agent Yaskov get away, his boss threatens to retire him. Kendig beats him to it, however, destroying his own records and traveling to Austria where he begins work on a memoir that will expose all his former agency's covert practices. The CIA catches wind of the book and sends other agents after him, initiating a frenetic game of cat and mouse that spans the globe. Bwakaw is a drama-comedy about growing old, and everyone's fear of growing old alone. Rene is a gay man who came out of the closet at age 70. Ailing in his twilight years, he thinks it is now too late for love, even companionship, and that all there is to look forward to is Death. He has made a will, bequeathing his few possessions to his even fewer friends. Everything is packed and labeled, ready for distribution. He has even paid for a coffin, taking advantage of a funeral home's Summer Sale. Nowadays the only companion Rene has is Bwakaw, a stray dog that hangs around his house and follows him wherever he goes. As Rene waits for the day of his death, he gets the surprise of his life when it is Bwakaw who suddenly falls ill and is diagnosed with cancer. Two drug dealers on the lam seek refuge inside their mentally unstable friend's mansion. But in order to stay, they have to participate in her elaborate, and increasingly dangerous, game of permanent make-believe. A cop sent to investigate allegedly ghostly affairs in a village agrees to stay in a haunted bungalow for seven days to win the hand of a girl in the place. Being kidnapped shatters a brother and sister's harmony, forcing them to confront their desires. Aliens battle terrorist in a sorority house filled with mutants, monsters and secret agents. Who will survive this action packed inter-dimensional adventure?   A fracking crew drills on sacred Native American land, unleashing an ancient demon. There are only two ways out of the woods, succumb to the demon or die. Two amateur film-makers find the movie they thought they were making, is actually making them. A gunfighting stranger comes to the small settlement of Lago. After gunning down three gunmen who tried to kill him, the townsfolk decide to hire the Stranger to hold off three outlaws who are on their way. The horror/suspense thriller feature film GEHENNA opens with an intense scene where a large man is running through the dark woods while screaming. As he approaches an abandon old garage out of the fog and darkness an unseen image(Antagonist) ascends from beneath the fog. Within a minute he over powers the large man who desperately try's to escape from being pulled into the darkness. Three days later a group of hikers accidentally stumble upon badly mangled body parts and quickly report it to the police. Over the next few weeks several murders are discovered. The killings appear to be committed using some sharp object and still no one including the police has a clue how or why they are occurring. Seasoned police detective Roger Cook(Protagonist) is a burnt-out burly looking investigator who is earnestly looking forward to retiring in 10 days. While most of the residents of a small Argentinian town attend a funeral procession following a tragic building collapse, the few who do not will face terrors of their own in this mashup of urban legends from brother-fillmmakers Sebastian and Federico Rotstein. Think bondage, torture, zombies...and governmental corruption.  Juan goes on a date with Sonia to a school where students get even with teachers. Luco and Paulo create an elaborate plan to swap girlfriends. Two lovers escape into a motel for a night of passion, while a group of friends enjoys a snuff film. As their primal urges distract them all, local officials are judged innocent of the neglect that caused the building collapse--and then the horror really begins. Beware of the Klowns is a feature length horror comedy and exploitation film about murderous clowns in a small town. What starts with innocent intimate shavings, ends with a bonded woman screaming rape accusations. The offender collapses and becomes the victim. Or was it all part of an ingenious plan? A game of lust, sweat and blood. Neglected by her workaholic husband, a young wife, Maren Abbott, meets a man through Wandering Eye - a networking website designed to facilitate extramarital liaisons. Charming as he is, she realizes she can't go through with the affair. When he is found brutally murdered in their hotel room, infidelity is the least of Maren's worries as she finds herself in the cross-hairs of a serial killer who uses the website to trawl for his next victims. Written by Incendo Media In this anthology of horror episodes, 13 bizarre stories are told by independent film directors of Southern Brazil. Between ghosts, serial killers and demons, they conduct their strange, very strange stories. The on going Vampire saga that started with Vampires: Brighter in Darkness, Vampires: Lucas Rising tells the tale of the immortals Lucas Delmore and Toby Brighter and their fight to defend their Love and Mankind. Follows the lives of several gay youths and adults as they discover a world of the odd, the erotic and the supernatural. A man, who years earlier mysteriously abandoned his family and isolated himself in a small northern town, returns for one last chance to reconnect with his troubled daughter. When she goes missing, he risks everything to find her, including exposing the fact that he is becoming invisible. A hard-boiled love triangle between a private eye and two bloodsucking dames. An independent documentary filmmaker conducts an interview with necrophilliac Haydn Reef. A bachelor party becomes a savage fight for survival when the groomsmen unwittingly unleash a fabled predator upon the festivities. Feature film adapted from the V/H/S (2012) anthology segment 'Amateur Night.' After the massacre in Coldwater, Det. Nick Fisher must enlist the help of veteran officer John Donovan to thwart the murderous agenda of the famed "Engineer." A tomboyish postulant at an Austrian abbey becomes a governess in the home of a widowed naval captain with seven children, and brings a new love of life and music into the home. A teenager's quest to launch Norwegian Black Metal in Oslo in the 1990s results in a very violent outcome. Four friends gather at an elegant home during the Summer of Love, 1969. Unbeknownst to them, deadly visitors are waiting outside. What begins as a simple farewell party turns to a night of primal terror as the intruders stalk and torment the four, who struggle for their lives against what appears to be a senseless attack. In World War II era Los Angeles, the manager of the Culver Hotel leaves his nephew in charge for a weekend. The nephew changes the name to the Hotel Rainbow and overbooks with royalty, assassins, secret agents, Japanese tourists, and munchkins (from the cast of _Wizard of Oz, The (1939)_ ). Secret Service agent Bruce Thorpe and casting director Annie Clark find romance amidst the intrigue and confusion. To make quick money, four friends choose to risk their lives and sign a contract, which expects them to shoot a documentary on Nidhivan Four Tales of The Macabre!  Enter the House of The Screaming Death in this feature length anthology gothic horror film... tales of terror to chill you to the bone...  One scary night....One mysterious figure, 'The Architect', who has some chilling stories to tell you.  Story 1 - What is the mystery of The Lady in Grey? (written by Troy Dennison)  Story 2 - A tale of witchcraft and the dark chilling beyond (written by Mark Lees)  Story 3 - 1888: The year of the Vampyre (written by David Hastings)  Story 4 - Evil is found in the most innocent of places ... a child's toy (written by Alex Bourne) Seven horrifying &amp; hilarious tales of what happens when it all goes to hell. A young governess for two children becomes convinced that the house and grounds are haunted. A love story set against the backdrop of a coconut plantation Three years ago, twenty-two year old "girl-next door" Rachel barely survived a brutal massacre that left all of her friends murdered. Time has passed, and Rachel has moved on, but unfortunately her close friends are spending Spring Break in a secluded house in the woods, and they have cordially invited her to join. She would never have accepted the invitation if she realized that another bloodbath would be showing up as plus one. Once Rachel and her friends arrive at the cabin, the partying, sex, and...terror begins. From girls' only pillow fights to debauchery in a bedroom, it's going to be a blast...aside from the stabbing, flesh melting, and castration. Seven friends will go into a secluded house for the best Spring Break of their lives, but only one will be alive to post about it on Facebook the next week, as Rachel's biggest fears become a reality once again! Can Rachel survive another bloody massacre? Day zero: When it all begins, in a funeral home. Day #1466: When the epidemic has already devoured the entire planet, set in a house in the woods. Day #2333: When the zombies have become something more than the monsters that we know, in a prison surrounded by post-apocalyptic scenarios. A army veteran discovers an abandoned boy lurking in the woods behind her childhood home. After taking in the boy, she searches for clues to his identity, and discovers local folklore about a malevolent life-draining spirit that comes in the form of a child: The Tatterdemalion. The compound of an arms manufacturer turns into a zombie nightmare when its workers are given the wrong formula. After wandering a ruined city for years in search of food and shelter, two siblings find their way into one of the last remaining buildings. Inside, they find a man who will make them a dangerous offer to survive the outside world. When a group of high school students put a curse on an unsuspecting misfit, they cause her to become possessed by a demon and must find a way to exorcise it . Michael and Rachel are devastated when their six-year-old son dies in a tragic accident. When a stranger offers to bring the boy back to life, they take the offer. However, the child who returns is not the child they once knew. A witch who's burned at the stake places a curse on the small village of Skinner's Grove right before she dies. Several centuries later a paranormal investigator discovers a nest of werewolves in the town who are the hell spawn of the witch's curse. Moreover, a local militia and a young couple who find themselves stranded in the area in the wake of their car breaking down also run afoul of said werewolves. A young man slowly realizes that he has become the chosen target of an ominous supernatural presence. As he scrambles to stop it, he realizes there is more to this haunting than meets the eye. Shinji Yagami (Yuma Nakayama) is a university student. He is easily frightened, due to seeing ghosts. He has feelings for Koyomi Nada (Haruka Shimazaki). To protect Koyomi Nada, Shinji and Koyomi joins the occult research group at their university. They try to solve a mystery of the haunted campus with members of their occult group.  An emotionally damaged couple try to survive a viral outbreak on an isolated farm. A neuroscientist's obsession with a drug that expands the human mind inadvertently unleashes a deadly supernatural force on his team. A group of veterans wake up after a night of partying to find out that the zombie apocalypse has spread across the United States. Together, they must fight their way across the country in order to find a cure for the outbreak and restore freedom before it's too late. Two estranged brothers reunite at their missing father's video store to liquidate the property and sell off his assets. As they dig through the store, they find a VCR board game dubbed 'Beyond The Gates' that holds a connection to their father's disappearance and deadly consequences for anyone who plays it. Patrick McCord doesn't accept the explanation of his sister's mysterious death as suicide, and instead teams up with a team of paranormal investigators to delve deeper into the inexplicable circumstances that surround what he believes to be murder. The team's investigation leads them from one bizarre and frightening clue to another, at the center of which seems to exist something evil and terrifying, a presence well beyond their wildest imaginations and experiences. Before long, they realize this deadly entity has now targeted each of them, and they are confronted with the impossible challenge of defeating it and saving their own lives. In the end, what survives, and is presented here, is the disturbing footage that Patrick and his team shot, footage that if seen by others, likely endangers the viewer, marking them as the next victim of this powerful and evil force. Be careful what you chase - you just might end up catching it. A group of friends get lost in the seedy streets where they encounter a crazed gang of homeless derelicts that seizes them and kills them one by one. The surviving man escapes on foot, naked and unarmed, with a pack of depraved transients in pursuit, and only seconds away from capture. Barbara Hershey stars as Carla Moran, a hard-working single mother until the night she is raped in her bedroom by someone - or something - that she cannot see. Despite skeptical psychiatrists, she is repeatedly attacked in her car, in the bath, and in front of her children. Could this be a case of hysteria, a manifestation of childhood sexual trauma, or something even more horrific? Laura is hired as a teacher of two orphans who live on their uncle's farm, in the countryside of 20th century Rio de Janeiro. Gradually, she notes that the children are under the influence of evil spirits and strives to find out what is behind this mystery. As Laura gets more involved with the situation, the more enigmatic the ambiguous behavior of the kids seems. The plot is unknown. The zombie apocalypse has been and gone. Nine months later, James Fisher (Christopher Clarke) survives alone in a deserted Coventry, immune to the virus that has ended the world. But then, another survivor appears from nowhere. The emotional conflict this brings is harder to deal with than the hordes of nocturnal undead. Equal parts Goodfellas and Dusk till Dawn, Sicilian Vampire tells the story of reputed mobster Sonny Traficante who was hoping to get away to the family hunt lodge for a little rest and relaxation and create some memories. Instead, what he got was a night he will never forget. Once there, Sonny is bitten by a bat released from a container of bananas they brought up to the lodge. The bat takes a vicious bite of Sonny's neck and then flies off into the night. From that moment on Sonny is entrusted with powers beyond that of any mortal - supersonic hearing, enhanced sight, and superhuman strength - even the ability to speak to the dead. Because of these heightened senses Sonny now feels a responsibility to right the wrongs in his life, and protect those he loves. At first, he resists these new found powers but in the end he welcomes his fate. Mr D, short for Dead, introduces a series of extreme horror tales, that are less about story telling and more about shock and gore. A horror anthology not for the faint of heart. A desperate man makes a deal with the devil in hopes of making all his earthly dreams come true. But when he is called upon to live up to his end of the Faustian bargain, he soon learns that this comes with a very steep price, as those around him spiral into madness, possession and death. In the wild island of Pazucus, everything is hopeless. Orestia & Omar seek to harmonize their relationship in a camp and find themselves gradually oppressed by nature, which changes from paradisiac to hellish. Simultaneously, inside Carlos' intestines, fecal monsters plot his demise. This stomachic confusion makes him an easy prey for the obsessive Dr. Roberto. The paranoia, the sorcery, the madness and the prophetic voice lead their destinies to a place where the dissolution of all beings appears to be the only possibility of communion. Secure within a desolate home as an unnatural threat terrorizes the world, a man has established a tenuous domestic order with his wife and son, but this will soon be put to test when a desperate young family arrives seeking refuge. Paralyzed after a terrible accident, Dana struggles to regain her life and family when she encounters a malevolent ghost in her hospital room. It will take evil to stamp out those who are the faces of evil itself. A family, Mateo, Monica and eight year old Sofia, move into a house on the outskirts of Lima. From the first night, the girl is haunted by a terrifying being. These harassments become every time more violent and disturbing, and soon enough will require the presence of a priest, who will try to help without imagining the consequences. Noah, is not your typical entertain-the-kids-no-matter-how-boring-it-is kind of sitter. He's reluctant to take a sitting gig; he'd rather, well, be doing anything else, especially if it involves slacking. When Noah is watching the neighbor's kid he gets a booty call from his girlfriend in the city. To hook up with her, Noah takes to the streets, but his urban adventure spins out of control as he finds himself on the run from a maniacal drug lord. Red fights her way through a maze filled with assassins, monsters and maniacs she comes closer to discovering the truth behind the mystery and the mastermind behind the Slasher House.  Calvin is competing with five other actors for the lead in a major Hollywood movie. Stopping at nothing, he uses a demonic book of curses on the actors, each bringing to life a monster that kills in their own unique and terrifying way. A paint by the numbers stand-up comic has four jokes to make his captor laugh or die trying. Chronological look at the fiasco in Iraq, especially decisions made in the spring of 2003 - and the backgrounds of those making decisions - immediately following the overthrow of Saddam: no occupation plan, an inadequate team to run the country, insufficient troops to keep order, and three edicts from the White House announced by Bremmer when he took over. Four friends go into a haunted mansion on a whim but they do not realize that they have returned home with an evil spirit, from which escape might be impossible. When nerdy but lovable Jeffrey sets out to cure cancer for a class project, he accidentally drinks a deadly chemical that turns him into a deranged killer. Soon, a bloody series of murder, revenge, and downright lunacy is set forth! As its title indicates, this first feature by Kyoka Tsukamoto is a love letter and a bid for reconciliation. It is the story of a woman who left Japan for Montreal, while her sister stayed behind. Geographical distance isn't the main concern here, though: it is, instead, the unbridgeable chasm separating two visions of the women's homeland. One of the women stayed rooted in a stifling patriarchal society; the other, the filmmaker, rejected it. She alternates brilliantly, and tragically, between her personal and family story and that of her country, questioning the foundations of a society that tolerates and even encourages psychological and physical abuse. A deeply intimate selfportrait, with many flights of poetry and lyricism that become sources of healing. (BD) World War II soldier-turned-U.S. Marshal Teddy Daniels investigates the disappearance of a patient from a hospital for the criminally insane, but his efforts are compromised by his troubling visions and also by a mysterious doctor. Documentary in which painter and critic Matthew Collings charts the rise of abstract art over the last 100 years, whilst trying to answer a set of basic questions that many people have about this often-baffling art form. How do we respond to abstract art when we see it? Is it supposed to be hard or easy? When abstract artists chuck paint about with abandon, what does it mean? Does abstract art stand for something or is it supposed to be understood as just itself? The short film is a poetic interpretation of the writer's mental journey during the writing process. The writer, played by Bryan Cranston (AMC's Breaking Bad), creates a woman in his mind, played by Lela Edgar, while working on his next script. Oscar Nominated Short Film. 1994 or thereabouts. There is a civil war on in Burundi. A genocidal conflict opposing Hutus and Tutsis... We are witnesses to one of those sadly frequent episodes : the attack by the rebels of a minibus transporting ordinary passengers. A Kalashnikov bursts out. The bus stops, the passengers get off. There follows a "selection" separating Hutus and Tutsis. But who is a Hutu, who is a Tutsi? Na Wewe means You Too in Kirundi. Two paranormal investigators are unexpectedly thrown together in the hope of solving a 100 year mystery. Locked for three nights in a house with a dark and unsettling past, the two investigators must put their differences to one side and work together. They soon discover the myths and stories are nothing compared to what actually resides within the eerie walls of Richwood Manor. Scepticism and showmanship are soon put to one side when the two investigators realise there is more at stake than just their professional reputation. For once they have stumbled onto the real thing, but this time it's their own lives at stake. Following the macabre footsteps of the first VAULT OF TERROR installment, this sequel anthology film tells six more evil, demonic, hellish tales of dread and horror by some of the genre's best filmmakers. A land surveyor working in an unnamed woodland area is disturbed and beguiled by a strange silhouette that moves amongst the trees. Perry Mason defends the husband of a famous rock singer who was found being killed after having had a tremendous discussion with her husband and her manager. Six friends on a camping trip think they have discovered, and killed, a Sasquatch. But what they have actually unleashed is something more evil, more ancient and more deadly than they could ever imagine - an army of supernatural terrors that will hunt them down until no one remains. A personal shopper in Paris refuses to leave the city until she makes contact with her twin brother who previously died there. Her life becomes more complicated when a mysterious person contacts her via text message. An American scientist who was convicted of killing and cannibalizing two colleagues in the jungles of Flores, Indonesia in 1977.  Branded "The American Cannibal" by the press during his trial, Dr. Timothy Darrow defended himself by claiming a mythic human-ape creature was responsible for the murders.  The news outlet documented an indigenous tribe on Flores, the very same island where the hobbit remains were discovered, which had its own accounts of little wild men that stood just over three feet tall, climbed trees, walked on two feet and thrived on cannibalism. And according to the local legend, those creatures may never have died out at all.  Follow an expedition team deep into the heart of Flores Island to investigate Dr. Timothy Darrow's claims and find out once and for all if hobbits still exist in the deepest, most remote realms of the Indonesian jungle. Pied Piper Porky Pig vows to rid the town of Hamelin of all its rats, and the cats of Hamelin are furious at Porky for usurping their rat-catching job. Disguising himself as a giant rat, the "grand poobah" of the cats intends to discredit Porky in the eyes of the town's mayor, by making it seem that Porky hasn't entirely fulfilled his promise to remove every last rat. During an adult casting-couch session, a group of girls are interrupted by a gang of masked thugs who torture, rape, and defile them. High school student Kayu (Makoto Okunaka) joins the Ghost Photo Club. The club investigates and researches ghost photographs. She tries to find the truth behind ghost pictures with members Kaname (Yosuke Ito) and Riri (Yuuka Ueno). They are not aware of a murderous ghost approaching. (Description taken from AsianWiki) Still reeling from a traumatic childhood experience with an alcoholic mother and her deranged carnie boyfriend, a mild mannered milquetoast finds himself at the mercy of a monstrous alter ego: a sadistic killer clown with a tickling fetish. Jack Conrad is awaiting the death penalty in a corrupt Central American prison. He is "purchased" by a wealthy television producer and taken to a desolate island where he must fight to the death against nine other condemned killers from all corners of the world, with freedom going to the sole survivor. Only 11 Americans have ever been charged under the Espionage Act of 1917; eight of them since President Obama took office. James Spione returns to TFF with the incredible personal journeys of two members of that octet, Thomas Drake and John Kiriakou, along with accountability advocate, Jesselyn Radack, who helped bring their cases to light. With resonance in the post-Snowden era, Silenced catalogs the lengths to which the government has gone to keep its most damning secrets quiet, in an impassioned and thought-provoking defense of whistleblowers everywhere. When young urbanites Ian and Sam decide to go camping, they arrive at their isolated destination to discover another tent already set up, but no sign of its owners. With the other campers at large, Ian and Sam's discovery of a child wandering alone sets off a terrifying chain of events that will push them to their limits - and beyond. When a beautiful ballerina dancer, Adriana Mena (Kendra Carelli), lands the lead role in the upcoming Nutcracker performance, she's forced to face her demons as jealousy and tension begin to provoke the supernatural. Two assassins-for-hire have an hour to kill (so to speak) before their next hit. To help pass the time, they entertain themselves by regaling horror stories to one another. With bizarre titles such as "Valkyrie's Bunker" "Assacre" and "Hog Hunters" - which hit-man's story will be deemed most disturbing when all is said and done? "Infiltration" follows Reaper, Widowmaker, and Sombra as they attempt to assassinate a high-priority target. But, when the operation doesn't go as planned, the Talon agents are forced improvise... When Andy moves into The Dwelling, his life looks perfect. He is starting college and making friends with his sexy neighbor, Pam. Curiosity about the bizarre noises from the "empty" apartment lures Andy and Pam into a frenzy of Satanic depravity, where they discover there can be a fate worse than death! An ambitious young executive is sent to retrieve his company's CEO from an idyllic but mysterious "wellness center" at a remote location in the Swiss Alps but soon suspects that the spa's miraculous treatments are not what they seem. After losing their 4 year old son in a tragic car accident Clare and Paul Knox decide to start a new life in Calabria, Italy. Paul settles into his new job as an engineer on the Strait of Messina Bridge building project while Clare, a photographer, picks up her camera for the first time since the accident, photographing the beautiful Calabrian countryside Local teens have long commemorated the death of 'Mary Hatchet' -- a girl who took an ax and killed her family in the 1970s -- with the aptly named Blood Night. But things never got truly bloody until Mary's ghost (Samantha Facchi) decided to make an appearance. Dead bodies are piling up, and Mary seems to be calling the shots. But there are secrets about her past that have yet to be uncovered. Nate Dushku co-stars in this slasher flick. Brace yourself for this mind-blowing battle against one of nature?s most deadly phenomena! Daryl Hannah (Kill Bill Vols. 1 and 2) is a dedicated scientist who reluctantly agrees to fly with a reporter... read more read more... (Dylan Neal, Blood Ties) on a routine storm-seeking mission. But they soon find themselves at the mercy of nature at its most awesome and destructive when a low-level hurricane off the Florida coast unexpectedly turns into one of the most powerful storms in America?s history. As the violent winds buffet and batter the small aircraft, knocking out the pilot, it?s a race against time as the pair struggle to escape with their lives and warn everyone about the fast-moving danger. Stock car racer Brad Carlton (Greg Evigan) throws the Mishaw family into a tailspin the night heiress Helen Mishaw slams her car into his motorcycle. He gets romantically involved with Helen Milshaw (Mitzi Kapture), and helps multi-million dollar Milshaw Industries win a valuable government military contract. However, when Brad becomes the victim of sabotage and strange accidents, he realizes someone want to stop him cold - dead cold! A reclusive programmer, his sister and her new boyfriend are held hostage by a rapidly evolving computer virus. Fifty years old, three years past of unemployment, benefits decreasing very quickly... Gerard is at the end of the rope when a position is offered him in Indonesia. To win the favor of his new employer, Gerard invites him to dinner at home. Fatal Error ! Terrified at the idea of not being up to par, his wife Colette begs Alexandre, their neighbor to help. Communication guru, Alexander accepts the challenge and gives a makeover to the couple in twenty-four hours. Apartment, decoration, lifestyle, dinner menu, uniforms, culture... Everything ! An astronomer who works at the Mexican Large Millimeter Telescope discovers a misterious signal coming from the Cygnus constellation, which starts causing strange events at the observatory. A bank heist descends into violent chaos when one of the hostages turns out to be a serial killer. Trapping the well-organized team of bank robbers in the building, the killer is now picking them off one by one. Seven friends on a weekend away, miles from anywhere. Just as the party's getting started, a serial killer shows up! This motion portrait of P.R. Miller is a journey into the mind of an eccentric, outcast scavenger, known around Akron, Ohio as "the junkyard artist." Hailing from a little place called Mars, he was raised on a scrap yard where they used to burn autos. According to Miller, Mars, PA had one of the highest rates of brain disorders in the country. Miller, himself, was once thought to have been retarded, but it turned out to be ADHD.  He has been inundated with toxicity his whole life, not unlike Mother Earth herself. Miller is convinced that the Earth will one day rid herself of the human vermin that is destroying her. When put on trial, P.R. Miller stood up for his right to make art on his own property.  All this "visual bubblegum" is a backdrop for Miller to rant and rave about how the American value system is based on the worship of money, and how the culture of consumerism and waste will lead to the final demise of humans. A young writer traumatized by the death of his wife and kid, describes his disturbing experiences to a psychiatrist. A mysterious man, hidden under an umbrella, forces him to finish his book regardless the cost of its consequences. A film crew shoots a gory movie with realistic special effects. The gore looks real, because it is. The film director, a evil warlock, need a blood sacrifice to complete his pact with Satan. Who better than the film's scream queen? Who will survive the final cut. In this homage to Hammer Films, a group of university students resurrect Dracula who then goes on a killing spree.  When a 20-something finds a cache of hidden files on his new laptop, he and his friends are unwittingly thrust into the depths of the dark web. They soon discover someone has been watching their every move and will go to unimaginable lengths to protect the dark web. A priest battles a demon that kills sinners in the act of sinning. A young family find themselves in serious danger when they move to an isolated haunted house in the Yorkshire Moors. The baby, which is the prophecy of the prophecy that will drag the whole world to evil and disaster, was born on 6.6.2016. Bebedin mother, who has committed suicide by not being able to resist the emotions, but the evil sect that protects the baby has not been a year. Breastfeeding by a woman in the same vein as her mother at night, when Venus is held in order for the prophecy to continue, is sufficient for the child to fulfill the prophecy. Six stoner best friends discover a viral video of a local teen who disappeared years ago from an alleged haunted house in their neighbourhood. Searching for one last adventure before graduating high school, the teens decide to investigate this local urban legend, only to discover this night could be their worst, and possible last, experience of their lives. A detached university student faces the consequences of astral projection when he uses it to reconnect with his dead mother. Yup, we've had RoboCop, Maniac Cop, WolfCop, and now we have Cannibal Cop. And even more extraordinarily, it's based on a true story. I guess doughnuts really weren't enough for this officer of the law. A group of women, hired to assist with an impromptu concert, spend the evening at an ancient German castle. Unbeknownst to them, they've chosen the worst night on Earth to visit, as every sixty-six years, the long-dead bodies of Templar Knights buried there have the chance to wake and feast upon the living... Frank Allen, a professional speaker who lectures on time management has a perfectly ordered and scheduled life, down to the minute. When his wife sets his clock forward 10 minutes as a joke, his day is thrown off. Deciding that his strictly ordered life has done him little good, he begins to make multiple choice index cards, choosing one at random and doing what is written on the card. A detective investigates several mysterious deaths, all of which take place on Halloween night. The local mortician relays to him the backstories behind three of the victims, each of them more gruesome and chilling than the next. The first film in the STILL NIGHT MONSTER MOVIE SERIES, DRACULA: REBORN is a modern retelling of Bram Stoker's classic DRACULA, set in modern day Los Angeles. From the cage to the big screen, the world's greatest Mixed Martial Arts Champions come together for the first time in a major motion picture. When an MMA world champion is lured into the illegal world of underground cage fighting by an elusive promoter, he quickly realizes that the only way out is to kill or to be killed. A dead high schooler rises from her watery grave to take revenge on the jealous cheerleaders who drugged and murdered her.  It's been generations since the Harkers' great-great grandfather killed Count Dracula. Now the Harker brothers and their best friend Ned are a town joke - until a real vampire turns up. A deep sea submersible pilot revisits his past fears in the Mariana Trench, and accidentally unleashes the seventy foot ancestor of the Great White Shark believed to be extinct. At a local Catholic school, the nuns have noticed that the priest is doing more than just leading his students in prayer. Not content to stand idly by as evil walks their halls, the Sisters decide to take action. Confronted by the nuns about his wicked ways, the priest retaliates. For defying him, the Father takes the Sisters hostage and bricks them into the walls of the school's basement. The sadistic and fatal punishment shakes the faith of the women, forcing them to renounce their holy vows in the moments before their demise. How could they continue to believe in a power that would allow them to suffer such a fate when they were merely trying to do what's right? Decades later, the school is now vacated and in a state of disrepair. Selected by the community as a building marked for urban renewal, a neighborhood youth group has volunteered their afternoon to come clean up the premises and prepare it for construction. After the death of a much despised patriarch, a mysterious box shows up during the reading of the will, forcing the family to reckon with each of their own deadly sins. A young college student and hopeful full-time professional model will soon realise that to find fortune and fame in this cut-throat profession, she'll need to go to great extents to accomplish her dreams. Drawn from a never before seen cache of personal footage spanning decades, this is an intimate portrait of the Sri Lankan artist and musician who continues to shatter conventions. When Rebecca left home, she thought she left her childhood fears behind. Growing up, she was never really sure of what was and wasn't real when the lights went out...and now her little brother, Martin, is experiencing the same unexplained and terrifying events that had once tested her sanity and threatened her safety. A frightening entity with a mysterious attachment to their mother, Sophie, has reemerged. Ray and Sal, two orphaned sisters, adopt and hide a Great Dane puppy from their two adopted parents living in a luxury downtown New York apartment that expressely forbids dogs. Rose, a legacy witch, becomes a member of a local coven. Seductress Sharon uses her own powers to enter Roses' body and mind. She uses Rose unwillingly to steal people's souls. Her ultimate goal: resurrect Satan himself. Will Rose stop her sexy, evil rampage before it is too late? When Donna and Mick arrange for a Seance to be performed by the mysterious Morgana they get a lot more than they were expecting. And two cops find it compelling viewing. Pi Day Die Day centers around Euclid High School in a small Ohio town when a serial killer begins murdering kids from the school. Friday the 13th Meets My Dinner With Andre Four friends on their way to Coachella stop off in Los Angeles to tour true-crime occult sites, only to encounter a mysterious young runaway who puts them on a terrifying path to ultimate horror. After his father is killed in a car crash, Jack travels home to Colorado to help nurse his mother (who was injured in the crash) back to health. There, he uncovers long buried secrets and lies within his family, his friends, and his very identity. Abby and Mike are on a long road trip to her sister's wedding when they stop to camp out for the night. Soon they're lost in the woods and at the mercy of nature--and something more sinister.  This film by Dharma Aizat tells of the tales told by those who experienced strange and mysterious happenings while travelling through Jalan Puncak Alam. An architect and his wife moves into a house with a bloody past and a 100 year old ghost, who possesses the wife. Ichiro Kataki, a violent Yakuza gang member travels to Melbourne, Australia after his beloved sister Yuko is brutally murdered by a group of criminals. Hell bent on vengeance he teams up with Cassidy Arizona, a lady of the night with a vendetta of her own. When Sadie's husband is murdered by a vicious gang called "The Touchers", she finds she possesses a strange hidden power to aid her in her quest for revenge. A homage to Grindhouse/exploitation pictures of the 1970's. After a toxic spill creates an infectious outbreak, causing people to be filled with rage and turning to cannibalism, four survivors converge upon a house nestled deep in the woods. Together, they must try to survive the madness happening outside, the uncertainty and each other. As things become more grim, hope fades and supplies run low, people's true selves begin to show. The four must try to survive the monsters outside and within. A determined young woman and a damaged occultist risk their lives and souls to perform a dangerous ritual that will grant them what they want. Drawn from a never before seen cache of personal footage spanning decades, this is an intimate portrait of the Sri Lankan artist and musician who continues to shatter conventions. Alexandra reluctantly tags along for Slasher Sleepout, an extreme event that is part camping trip, part haunted house, and part escape room. But when the fun turns deadly, Alex has to play the game if she wants to make it out alive. Scarlett, a neglected, agoraphobic girl who has lived alone since she was a child, suddenly finds herself pregnant. When she has no recollection of how this happened, she tailspins into a complete mental breakdown. When a girl goes to get an IUD implanted by a distant relative, he commits a deranged act which has deadly implications for those close to her. From the makers of "Hi-8", five new tales to blow your mind. A young woman and her family, a smooth and happy life, turned into a nightmare by an old, ruined house. 2010 horror and thriller film that Arkin Aktac has taken in his vision and directed.  3 Letters: Marid encountered intense interest of the audience and watched by about 140 thousand people. In the sequel, Murat Toktamisoglu confronts the director and screenwriter in his chair while Karsmet Ekin Tekinbas, Cansu Firinci, Ezgi Fidanci and Elvan Albat are among the players. In this tough French-Canadian drama, two outsiders -- one who works with the law, another who lives outside it -- come together with unfortunate consequences. Linda (Sylvie Moreau) is a devoted single mother who will do anything to support her five-year-old daughter, Charlotte (Sarah Lecompte-Bergeron). Unfortunately, a lot of what Linda does best isn't exactly legal, such as luring well-to-do men into the park and then mugging them. One night, Linda is trying to coax a visitor from America into the shadows when the situation starts to go wrong. Meanwhile, Ghislain (Gabriel Arcand) is a shy, lonely fellow who works at the morgue and likes to listen to the blues late at night. In time, we discover that Linda and Ghislain met at one time, leading to an ugly encounter for both of them. A vampire named Bathor turned an entire village to vampires, stuck around long enough to teach them to survive, and then promised to return in 2000 years after conquering the rest of the continent. The only problem with this plan is that the vampires, although immortal, have only a limited capacity for memory. As time passes, they forget their utopian society and led by the totalitarian zealot Grando, become paranoid, superstitious fundamentalists, splitting their society by race and gender lines, seeking to destroy those who are deemed sinful. Long-forgotten lovers Elisabeth and Fantine find that, with the help of those who were banished in the past, it is their fate to piece together the past and help preserve the little that remains before Bathor's impending return. After a terrible virus ravages human civilization, Ann finds herself living alone in a forest, foraging for supplies, and accompanied only by a radio that broadcasts a single transmission in French. Few animals even remain; the only survivors seem to be the roving hordes of infected creatures with a taste for human flesh. One fateful day, Ann crosses paths with two more survivors, Chris and Olivia. But after surviving on her own for so long, she struggles to relate to them and and their desire to settle down and start a new community. Inspector Holloway is investigating a series of brutal murders in which a doll of each victim is found at the scene. The dolls, as it turns out,were purchased by the crippled Mrs. Von Sturm, whose home is overcrowded with a doll collection. Her pale, wide-eyed, neurotic son is the prime suspect and the daughter of one of the victims discovers the shocking truth. On their first night at a new, secluded house, a couple (Esin Harvey, Gorkem Mertsoz) encounter the mysterious woman (Derya Alabora - A Most Wanted Man, When We Leave) who claims it to be her home. A rube named Pepa (Leos Noha) robs cottages for cash and spends his free time swilling rum at fourth-rate establishments. The discovery of a strange video recording points him to a place where he'll find a treasure of immense value. The mysterious place in northern Bohemia, however, awakens avarice far and wide and, seemingly, it's got a plan for all those who turn up. A man's attempt at a romantic marriage proposal on an isolated biking trail doesn't work out as planned. Things only get worse as the zombie apocalypse starts. Polish your balls and head to the lanes. Rabbit has escaped the Evil Bong's World of Weed, and has opened a topless bowling alley. It's the Grand Opening and the balls are rolling, the boobs are bouncing and the weed is plentiful. When his old friends, Larnell and Sarah Leigh stop by to help him celebrate his wacky new business venture, things are finally looking up for Rabbit, right? Wrong! Evil Bong is hot on Rabbit's trail. With the help of the murderous Gingerdead Man, they crash the most balls out party of the century. But Gingerdead Man has plans of his own when he learns that the secret to becoming a real man is getting his cookies off. In the aging orphanage the days pass very uneventfully, but the nights are something quite different; at least for Tim they are. The light reflected from the stars is the only cure for his fear of the dark. One night this fear leads him to the orphanage rooftop. Where he discovers that his favorite star has disappeared, and unfortunately it's not going to be the last one. Tim also discovers... Zoe, a strange child has a not so imaginary friend the Krampus who is the dark companion of St. Nicholas. A dark fairy tale about a gang of five children trying to survive the horrific violence of the cartels and the ghosts created every day by the drug war. A homeless war-veteran with a chequered past must rely on a side of himself once thought buried when he and his companions are targeted by three vicious psychopaths wearing Santa suits on Christmas Day. Surya is an easygoing laidback guy who constantly switches jobs. One day, he accepts a job from his former employer at a security agency, who offers him RM3,000 for a 2-day and 1-night job as security guard at a soon-to-be shut down shopping complex building. Maniam, the former Head of Security, gives Surya a tour in the building and tells him that the most suspicious and dangerous place he should avoid is the sixth floor, which is currently rented by a religious yoga group led by `Swamiji` (priest). They are up to no good as they plan to summon and trap spirits in dead bodies so that they can control them. When the door to the spirit world is opened, dozens are possessed and turned into flesh eating Zombies. The only way to stop the Zombies is to get the Black Magic Book located on the sixth floor. When a suburban housewife discovers that her husband has become a Zombie with an appetite for human flesh, she fights to keep him well fed and out of government clutches. A Manic depressive artist survives a suicidal fall only to be possessed by a murdered gangster, who uses the artist to seek vengeance on those that ended his life. After attending the funeral of her grandmother in Dallas, the Lux Atlantic Hotel manager Lisa is waiting for a flight to Miami. Due to the bad weather and consequent flight delay, she meets in the airport bar Jack Rippner, who is also in the waiting list. They sit together in the plane, and Jack reveals that he wants Lisa to change the room in Lux of an important American politician to facilitate a terrorist attempt against him. Otherwise, Lisa's father will be killed by a hit man. Lisa has to decide what to do with the menacing man at her side. An old factory full of paranormal activity. Fate has dealt Richard Vanuck a very strange hand; he's a natural born exorcist. In fact, he's the best there's ever been, and with possessions on the rise across the city he's booked solid. Eventually he comes to realize that performing exorcisms is the only thing he's truly good at, even though his daily battles with Satanic forces are wearing him down. Mexico, 1928. Santiago lives with his mother Alejandra and his stepfather Arturo. The apparent peace in which they live in is interrupted by the presence of some madness that only Santiago feels. David, Alejandra's husband, who disappeared and was believed dead, seems to have come back. After being abducted by a psychopath, a husband is subjected to three horrific tales of terror while his family is held captive in an attached cargo trailer. Anna returns home after spending time in a psychiatric facility following her mother's tragic death and discovers that her mother's former nurse, Rachel, has moved into their house and become engaged to her father. Soon after she learns this shocking news, Anna is visited by her mother's ghost, who warns her that Rachel has evil intentions. Chang Chen Ghost Stories (Chinese: Zhang Zhen Jiang Gu Shi Zhi Gui Mi Xin Qiao ) is a 2015 Chinese suspense thriller film directed by Zhengchao Xu. It was released on July 3, 2015. Specialists gather in a top-secret facility to investigate a series of strange deaths on beaches along the Atlantic Ocean. One of the team's scientists examines video evidence to uncover a possible parasitic explanation for the fatalities. But when a determined detective sends her the crazed writings of a mysterious homeless man, the scientist slowly learns that the actual threat may be more dangerous -- and far older -- than anyone ever imagined. Can she convince her colleagues of the true danger before an ancient force rises from the sea to bring madness and death to all of humanity? It's 2070 and our planet is ravaged by earthquakes and volcanic activity. Nowhere on Earth is hit worse than the Korean peninsula. Ha-jin, a sly, savvy orphan, prowls the rubble of a broken, barely functioning Busan wracked by daily tremors. Her petty crimes land her in jail, and from there the clutches of human traffickers -- and finally far out to sea, rescued (or rather, kidnapped?) by a ragtag band of pirates seeking the precious crystals at the heart of a volcanic island. To reach their prize, they'll need to defeat the island's fearsome guardian, the legendary volcano whale. And to do that, they'll need Ha-jin's special talent for summoning whales. But is her rare power a blessing, or a curse? After living peacefully in the caverns of a small town, a stranded group of aliens turn deadly as they fight for their existence, betraying the compassionate chief of police who has protected them for 28 years. A scuba diving instructor, her biochemist boyfriend, and her police chief ex-husband try to link a series of bizarre deaths to a mutant strain of piranha fish whose lair is a sunken freighter ship off a Caribbean island resort. Jin-Myung is a psychiatrist and exorcist. With his assistant, Ji-Kwang, they attempt an exorcism on Geum-Joo. She suffers from a bizarre phenomenon. They then face a powerful existence within Geum-Joo. Extreme horror arises out of her. Bill Dancer and his young companion Curly Sue are the classic homeless folks with hearts of gold. Their scams are aimed not at turning a profit, but at getting enough to eat. When they scam the rich and beautiful Grey Ellison into believing she backed her Mercedes into Bill, they're only hoping for a free meal. But Grey is touched, and over the objections of her snotty fiance. After their mother passes away, sisters Nicole and Annie reluctantly return to their childhood home to pay their last respects. While staying overnight in the house, the sisters sense a mysterious presence in their midst: noises startling them in the night, objects moving about, a fallen picture of an unknown woman posed next to their mother. Annie begins experiencing a series of intense and disturbing dreams - visions that lead her to uncover something terrible about her mother's past that is finally revealing itself. An unknown man asks Bassie and Adriaan to track down packages throughout Europe. To find the packages they have to solve all kinds of strange riddles. On their quest for the packages they travel through the whole of Europe and discover beautiful and interesting places. What they don't know is that De Baron, Handige Harry and B100 are trying to lure them into an ambush. Thus begins an exciting but beautiful adventure! I (Yuko Takeuchi) is a mystery novel writer. I receive a letter from Kubo (Ai Hashimoto), a reader of her novel and a university student. Her letter states that she hears odd sounds from the room where she lives now. I becomes interested by the letter and they being to investigate. I and Kubo learn of people that lived in the apartment and their experiences including a suicide and murder. In this Twilight Zone throwback, a reclusive musician with a pathological fear of human contact finds himself in the unexpected company of several people from his past. A college class project on creation and destruction of modern myth, turns terrifying when a trio of young people come to realize the urban legends surrounding the famed Buckout Road may, in fact, be REAL. In the sleepy suburbs of Miami, seemingly normal Egyptian immigrant Fuad Ramses (Mal Arnold) runs a successful catering business. He also murders young women and plans to use their body parts to revive the goddess Ishtar. The insane Ramses hypnotizes a socialite in order to land a job catering a party for her debutante daughter, Suzette Fremont (Connie Mason), and turns the event into an evening of gruesome deaths, bloody dismemberment and ritual sacrifice. When a troubled teen makes contact with the spirit world, a tortured soul warns her that further communication will prove deadly. Despite this premonition, she delves deeper into a mystery that is centuries old and linked to her curious heritage. Canvas of Death 2016 The campers were warned that the woods were dangerous, but they were all too busy hooking up, drinking beer and eating cheese to get the message. What began as another Syfy creature feature has now become an important piece of pop culture - poised to take over the entire world. A group of young filmmakers are attending a Film Festival in Wales. They come across an abandoned church, and hear music coming from inside. After some goading and teasing, the entire group decides to return to the church in order to solve the mystery. Complications arise, however, when one by one members of the group start to disappear. Only the footage remains to tell their tale. A sea creature is terrorizing a small Gulf coast town. The creature is a mutation from the Deep Water Horizon's oil spill in the Gulf. But it's not the only thing that's mutating. The story of a teenager and his new group of friends being hunted in the night by a mask wearing killer. A little creepy human drama from Japan. Miyabe and Soga who work for the city health department obtain information that Eri Yamamoto who is a career of mad man disease disappears. During their investigation, Eri's sister Yui implicates them that Eri died of an air raid some days ago. They suspend the investigation, but they find out that Yui and her boyfriend Inoue has been sheltering Eri at home. An AWOL soldier with PTSD goes into hiding along with his brother and a few friends. They retreat into a rural farm area unaware that the outside world has ceased to function. On their way back to civilization, his brother is attacked by an infected farmer. He quickly morphs into a rabid animal and lives for exactly three hours. Realizing they are in grave danger, they head back to the forest trying to outlive the legions of the infected. Add the plot. Four girls are stalked by high school classmate. Loosely based on true story of man who vowed to slaughter women who rejected him. A lonely woman caring for her domineering father is pushed to the brink when a figure from her past re-enters her life. In 1985, a celebrated exorcist trapped a horrific demon inside a ouija board. Thinking the board to be a game, his son played without obeying the rules, and let the demon loose. In order to save his son, the exorcist sent him far away until the demon could be destroyed. Thirty years later, and after his death, his grandson finds the board and makes the same mistake his father did. Now the evil is back and roaming the earth to terrorize those responsible for its imprisonment. A team of two detectives is tasked with apprehending a crazed, online psycho who tracks down and lures victims via a popular social media site. Based on a true story, shot in THE REAL EXORCIST HOUSE, a young woman returns to her old family home, the site of an infamous exorcism and discovers the devil never left. This film was shot in THE REAL EXORCIST HOUSE and during filming captured both audible and visible paranormal activity which has been left in the film giving those who dare to watch a unique look into one of the most infamous homes in America and possibly exposing them to the devil still lurking within. While traveling across country with her fiance, Beth wakes alone in an isolated clinic to a mother's worst nightmare. Just how far will she go to save her child? When college students are each assigned to write a horror story for class, they go deep into the woods for inspiration, only to find more horror, and humor, than they expected... Most Beautiful Island is a chilling portrait of an undocumented young woman's struggle for survival as she finds redemption from a tortured past in a dangerous game. The plot revolves around a renowned writer, his wife who is a fashion designer and their 7-year-old daughter. Upon being insisted by his young and fun-loving wife, he plans a family vacation at an island called Bungalow. Four friends are in great danger after they inadvertently stumble upon an unworldly being who is also looking to take over their sleepy historic town. Victor & Miranda try and resolve their failed marriage only after they independently attempt to kill each other on the same night. "In an asylum, patients were subjected to watching horror films for psychiatric study... but they all went mad and now those films have been unearthed!" claims the product description. In reality, the "story" is told with silly title cards over random abandoned asylum shots while long scenes from eleven different 70s and 80s horror films are edited in. Starlet: Cory loves two things - making movies and Amy. His obsession with both will lead him down a dark path as he strives to make his next horror film completely realistic. Is Amy ready to become his next starlet? Getaway: Adam and Maggie have been fighting for months and each wants a way out of their marriage. During an impromptu getaway to the country each plots against the other to regain their freedom and cash in on their life insurance. Will they be successful in their endeavors? Or will their efforts be thwarted? Ah Puch - While on a trip to Belize Moira travels off the beaten path to visit some Mayan ruins and upon her return she and Rachel discover a new key for deciphering Mayan texts. They return to Belize where Rachel recites an ancient Mayan incantation to become a demigod with a fierce legion of deadly mind controlled slaves. A man and his grandmother hide out from an ominous broadcast. The Grim Reaper hosts a TV show. The formerly incarcerated recount and reinterpret their first days of freedom. A suburban mom's life is upturned by the beast growing inside of her. And a high school gym teacher runs drills from inside a volcano. What happens when five of independent film's most adventurous filmmakers join together to literally adapt each other's dreams for the screen? Andrew Manson, a young, idealistic, newly qualified Scottish doctor arrives in Wales takes his first job in a mining town, and begins to wonder at the persistent cough many of the miners have. When his attempts to prove its cause are thwarted, he moves to London. His new practice does badly. But when a friend shows him how to make a lucrative practice from rich hypochondriacs, it will take a great shock to show him what the truth of being a doctor really is. The story of a Jewish novelist, Harry Lesser, struggling to complete his latest work, and his antagonistic relationship with a black writer who moves in down the hall. A cop is suspended from the force when he gets too personally involved in solving the murder of a womanizing L.A. songwriter. A usual chain mail is forwarded to a group of people. Some pass it while others ignore. One dies and is followed by series of sudden and unexplainable deaths of others. Soon after, a revelation begins to unfold, the chain mail is cursed and so she has to find the origin and mystery behind to stop the misfortunes it may cause to anyone who fails to pass it before another life perish again. Sandra also suspects Anne is behind the tragic incidents that happened to their friends. Will she break the curse before it's too late or will she become one of the victims? The all new unrated, unapologetic and uncensored Crusty Demons film! Get an all access pass to never before seen crashes, parties and jumps. Brand new footage & interviews from legendary riders Travis Pastrana, Robbie Maddison, Larry Linkogle, Seth Enslow and more. A freighter crosses the ocean. The hypnotic rhythm of its gears reveals the continuous movement of machinery devouring its workers: the last gestures of the old sailors' trade disappearing under the mechanic and impersonal pace of 21st century neo-capitalism. Perhaps it is a boat adrift, or maybe just the last example of an endangered species. Although we don't know it, the engines are still running, unstoppable. A young girl pretends to be the deceased granddaughter of an ailing grandmother soon to celebrate her birthday. The aged woman does not know her granddaughter has died; thinking she has only left, and the young girl, with her remarkable resemblance, is asked by the family to accompany the grandmother in her last days; posing as her granddaughter in order to cheer her up for her anniversary. The young girl suddenly experiences horrific visions of the dead granddaughter, and her life is threatened when the rest of the family suddenly conspires to kill her. Now in danger, she seeks the truth about the dead girl, while slowly succumbing to insanity as illusion and reality merge. A young woman starting a new life is forced to take extreme measures against those around her after things go violently awry. Immediately after their miscarriage, the US diplomat Robert Thorn adopts the newborn Damien without the knowledge of his wife. Yet what he doesn't know is that their new son is the son of the devil. Four girlfriends take a trip to New Orleans for an annual festival and, along the way, rediscover their wild sides and strengthen the bonds of sisterhood. A hand drawn animation by Matt Bollinger A friend of the dead, let Kocho has been self-blame, and even the intermittent amnesia, fantasy and other illnesses. Mo Fan booked wedding planning a terrorist, a terrorist deliberately let Kocho experience, a way to cure the disease Kocho. But the order of the day of the wedding, things are going out of control, my friends disappear one by one... Supernatural Drama about an addictive woman who is given a chance at redemption if she accepts Death's offer. After moving with her husband to a new house to cope from the accident that recently blinded her, a Den Mother continues to be haunted by guilt over the death of a girl scout until the couple find a little girl living hidden in their house, revealing unthinkable dark secrets. Clarisse meets Marc, a young surgeon. She spends the night with him in his mansion. In the morning, she realizes that she has been fooled. She's now held against her will. Marc forces her to play the part of his deceased wife. After an operation, he gives her a new face. Clarisse becomes Helene. But can we erase an identity so easily? After arranging a meeting with a stranger from an online dating site, Valora falls victim to an abusive psychopath. But rather than trying to flee she decides to play his game and ultimately turn the tables on him, with the hunter becoming the hunted. Two alluring young ladies live with their beautiful widowed aunt on a secluded wooded estate. The women have earned themselves quite a reputation in the surrounding towns and men from all over the region are frequent visitors to the small countryside home, hoping to encounter one, or preferably both, of the seductive nieces. Of course, the aunt has equally strong desires and refuses to be outdone. Soon all three are offering the many courters the chance to Come Play with Me! A husband and wife daydream on a normal day. Bill, Martha and their little child Hal are spending a quiet winter Sunday in their cosy house when they get an unexpected visit from Mike Nickerson and Tony Rodriguez. Mike and Tony are old acquaintances of Bill; a few years back, in Vietnam, they were in the same platoon. They also became opposed parties in a court martial - for a reason that Bill never explained to Martha. What happened in Vietnam, and what is the reason for the presence of Mike and Tony ? Two somewhat insane hicks are sent forth by their father to resolve the feud between two families in as bloody a manner as possible. An innocent essay in a college-creative writing class sets off a terrifying and deadly chain of events. Will they be able to stop her, or will she take them all? In 1863, a group of snow-bound travelers invokes the devil, who gives them a flying canoe for them to go home. When one of them finds his wife about to die in labor, he makes a pact with the devil to save her and his newborn daughter Liza. He then cheats the devil of his prize by sacrificing himself. 25 years later, Liza wants to marry her beloved Jos, who has to go away to a remote logging camp to earn money to save his farm, but the devil is determined to ruin her happiness. THE RAKING tells the story of a group of college students who set out to debunk an urban legend in Joshua Tree, California for their anthropology thesis, only to find that they become part of the legend themselves. A biopic of Temple Grandin, an autistic woman who has become one of top scientists in humane livestock handling. Dead Rush is the end of the world, as we know it. Seen through the eyes of one  man - David - As he takes us through his journey: before, during and after the zombie outbreak. Troy MInk plays 13 different characters in the mythical haunted town of Midway, Tennessee. A millennial nightmare that follows Anna, a young woman stuck in the midst of a quarter-life crisis, who learns how to keep on living after being haunted by the undead spirit from her summer camp past. It's about emerging adulthood and millennial angst; about letting go of our pasts and embracing what it means to grow up. Alena's life is far from simple. When she arrives at her new elite boarding school, Filippa and the other girls start to harass her. But Alena's best friend Josefin won't let her take anymore beating. If she won't strike back, Josefin will do it for her. Hard. There is an ancient ritual known to humankind for more than a hundred years...According to the legend, an ominous entity known as The Queen of Spades can be summoned by drawing a door and staircase on a mirror in the darkness, and by saying her name three times. The Queen of Spades gets her energy from reflective objects; she cuts locks of hair from those asleep, and those that see her go mad or die. Four teenagers decide to call The Queen of Spades as a joke. But when one of them dies of a sudden heart attack, the group realizes they are up against something inexplicable and deadly dangerous. In the glamorous world of New York City, Rebecca Bloomwood is a fun-loving girl who is really good at shopping-a little too good, perhaps. She dreams of working for her favorite fashion magazine, but can't quite get her foot in the door-until ironically, she snags a job as an advice columnist for a financial magazine published by the same company. Starring Khir Rahman, Sein and Aqasha, "Bangunan" follows their experience as they try to finish filming a movie, only to hear about people vanishing in one of the buildings. Taking advantage of the situation, they then decide to change the angle of the film by focusing on these strange activities in the haunted building. Two down-on-their-luck roommates looking for an easy way to pay the rent answer an unusual ad in a local paper and scare up more than just money. When Michael Briskett meets the perfect woman, his ideal Christmas dream comes true when she invites him to her family's holiday celebration. Dreams shattered, Michael struggles to survive once he realizes HE will be Christmas dinner. A defiant teenage boy, struggling with his parent's imminent divorce, faces off with a thousand year-old witch, who is living beneath the skin of and posing as the woman next door. Win is the only survivor from a black magic attack that has taken away his father's sacred amulet.  When he come back for revenge with a powerful sorcery, he is faced with a new powerful cult that help people to be wealthy but hide its roots of black magic behind the benevolent front.  He will have to destroy this organization before it ruins more lives and also his girlfriend's future A young couple awakens a terrible force when they attempt to socialize their reclusive neighbor. A famous crime writer becomes a victim after a crazed fan brutally attacks her. She isolates herself in her apartment, trying to cope and get on with her life, but starts to experience increasingly strange events. It doesn't take long before she is convinced that her attacker is back and stalking her. An alien life form lands on earth and begins to feed off electricity, making it grow to enormous size. The authorities must stop it as it slithers cross-country towards a nuclear power plant. Electric Apricot is a spoof of jam bands centered around the band, Electric Apricot, in the style of "This Is Spinal Tap" What do you get when you cross a sexually depraved Preacher with 2 coke snorting nymphomaniacs? Well, you get a visit from Slasho, Shago and Smasho, that's what you get! That's right, the Clowns are back for an all-new adventure! Follow along as our 3 Masked Maniacs terrorize another home hidden in the suburbs of degenerates. Travel deep into the depths of Sluggo's lab and marvel at his latest creation, Skanko! Feast your eyes on the stunning beauty of Naughty Nina as you helplessly fall under the alluring spell of Nurse Hatchet...the Ruler of Pussyland! An innocent discovery of a well-preserved mummified Emperor from 200 BC China unearths a 2000 year old nightmare - a secret that should have remained buried. When a mysterious loner and Karate master Kenji's little sister goes missing in Los Angeles, whoever stands in his way of finding her will face the wrath of a lethal KARATE KILL! | A story of Eliska and her daughter, starting a new life in a remote house with the 'father away on business', as the mother claims. After the lie is disclosed, their relationship begins to wither. At that time, the mythical Noonday Witch begins to materialize. She is coming closer and closer and the question is poised: is the danger real or is it all in the mother's crumbling head? A lonely hotel by a lonely road. Sarah is lost, looking for somewhere to sleep. She's come to the wrong place. A lonely hotel by a lonely road. Sarah is lost, Jenny is looking for her. She's come to the right place. The Bridgeburn Hotel More than 2,000,000 Americans are victims of home burglary each year. How safe is your neighborhood? He creeps - He crawls - He sh*ts. And when five unsuspecting people stumble upon his domain, he sets out on a quest for victims, leaving a trail of unspeakable (and stinky) carnage in his wake. He's Stankmouth, and he's a crazed killer with a unique physical condition that gives new meaning to the term "potty mouth" in this instant gross-out classic.  Turkish villagers (mostly) being under the spell of BLACK MAGIC which is put up on them by a hater in the close or far families that makes them being suffered and trified by the Djins (very Bad Kind of Wicked Devil Among Muslims Coming from Their Holly Book Quran) They have to now look for clues and exorcists to help them run away from it or defeat it. A young girl has a remarkable history with the evil who has hunted her since her childhood. This evil is convinced that this girl must be under his wing and no one would approach her even her parents got killed including every lover. At the end this girl decided to release her self from him by committing suicide.   --Motasem Hamdan A delightfully dark, Frankenstein-themed horror comedy about a re-animated corpse, made from the stitched together body parts of three murdered young women, that decides to go on a bloody quest to find their killer and avenge their deaths! Lucas devotes his life to church work after a tragedy. When an exorcism case gets out of control, he has to figure out who is under the Devil's influence. A 2012 short-film, text by Theodore J. Kaczynski, made of scans of a document from an FBI Laboratory, about the danger of experiments with accelerated particles. The life of Camille Claudel, a french scupltor who becomes the apprentice of Auguste Rodin and later his lover. Her passion for her art and Rodin drive her further away from reason and rationality. After moving into the home of a deceased relative, a family discovers they may have inherited more than just the house. When Anna awakes one morning at this place without time nothing was as before. She found herself being controlled by a strange force. Controlling her body, her mind and her soul. Scientists vanishing and mutating to Zombies. A door to another dimension. A blind woman who keeps a secret. Mysterious surreal connections that prepare an Inferno for the city of gondolas.  Third part of the ANIMA PERSA trilogy (Malacreanza - Il Mondo Perduto - Inferno Veneziano). EeBee the Evil Bong is back. And she's stoner - er - stronger than ever. With Larnell, Sarah Leigh, Rabbit, Velicity and a lobotomized Gingerdead Man trapped in The Bong World for good, she once more sets about her plan for world domination. Killjoy, the demon of vengeance, trickster god and killer clown has finally made it to Earth! Along with his gruesome crew Freakshow, Punchy and the sexy/psychotic Batty Boop, Killjoy is free to terrorize mortals in new and excruciating ways. The year is 2XXX and Keiko Town is an over-industrialized stretch of blackened factories pumping out thick layers of smoke that cast it in a perpetual state of semi-darkness. The citizens of Keiko Town fare no better and walk around their dilapidated town in a stupor of hopeless despair. In an abandoned factory in an obscure corner of town lies the secret base of Hikari Club.  The teenage boys of Hikari Club despise the adults of their community and have taken it upon themselves to eradicate what they perceive to be the evil and filth of the grown-up world. To accomplish this, they build a machine with artificial intelligence and dub it "Litchi". However, with the boys on the cusp of puberty and turning into adults themselves, their own world has begun to collapse around them. Based on the German legends, there are visual references to the Ring cycle and to anything even vaguely Germanic, including Rip Van Winkle. When aspiring model Jesse moves to Los Angeles, her youth and vitality are devoured by a group of beauty-obsessed women who will take any means necessary to get what she has. The film contains five stories set on desolate stretches of a desert highway. Two men on the run from their past, a band on its way to a gig, a man struggling to get home, a brother in search of his long-lost sister and a family on vacation are forced to confront their worst fears and darkest secrets in these interwoven tales. A struggling painter is possessed by satanic forces after he and his young family move into their dream home in rural Texas. Feature length version of the 2013 Turkish short film about police making a horrifying discovery in an apartment building. Ninety nine percent of the worlds has been destroyed by a bio-chemical war. Technology is obsolete and the soil has been polluted leaving people with barely any food. The survivors try to continue on by hunting and consuming the living dead which has dire results as the dead flesh begins to mutate with the bio-chemical still in the atmosphere. People's digestive systems begin to evolve and force their way out of victims mouths to search for food on their own. Mutations spiral out of control into a grotesque finale. Billie, a twenty something burnout, is tasked with house-sitting for her aunt and uncle, but after inviting some friends over, becomes convinced her teenage cousin Grace has stolen a notebook containing her latest screenplay. While hunting for the book in "Grace's Room", the gang uncovers a bloody trove of occult paraphernalia. Unbeknownst to Billie and her friends, said cult has been watching them from the nearby woods, and now must kill them for discovering too much. A gruesome assault on the house ensues as the gang struggles to survive the night. After a mass disappearance and brutal killing at a local campsite, the residents of Leeds Point believe a mad man is on the loose. Unfortunately for Chase, many people believe that man to be him. Though his son is among the missing, Chase remains the main suspect in the case. However, Knox, a reporter, is the only one who believes Chase didn't do it. And although he has a few crazy theories of his own, Knox promises to help Chase find the real killer. But as time goes on, and more mysterious deaths occur, the truth behind the crimes just might be the one thing Chase refuses to believe in: The Jersey Devil. Something is lurking in the woods of Leeds Point; Something that will change Chase Jackson's life forever. Leeds Point is a feature length film about New Jersey's most prolific legend: The Jersey Devil. The story of the Devil has been passed on for generations, and has been in the back of everyone's mind who ever set foot in the Pine Barrens. A seemingly innocent man is abducted by a notorious L.A. serial killer, who forces his victims to switch roles with him so that he can enact his own capture, torture and murder. Horror Anthology "60 second short films that will scar you for a lifetime" A homoerotic evangelical exorcism film. Sabrina the Teenage Witch has a bad date with a warlock, cares for a baby dragon and rescues a friend from a sprite in this collection of animated tales featuring Ashley Tisdale as the voice of the main character. In the distant future, mankind lives on Mars, in cities that resemble those once found on Earth, protected from the alien atmosphere by dome-like force-fields. When a massive sandstorm breaks through the dome and destroys Mars New York, those in Mars Los Angeles must figure out how to stop the storm before it wipes them out next. In 1922, a police detective is called to a remote mental hospital to witness a mysterious Civil War veteran's outrageous death bed confession that forces him to accept the supernatural... A cottage inhabited by a peasant, crazy painter in his spare time, who only paints naked women. After his death, another farmer decides to transform the place into a brothel which quickly attracts the notables of the area. But all those who come disappear one by one. An attorney from Yokohama is found murdered at Lake Toya in Hokkaido. Uematsu (Noi Yasuo), of the Hokkaido police goes to Yokohama in search of Konno Shizuka (Watanabe Azusa), a woman who may know something about the case. He tries to take her in to the station for questioning. Muta (Kobayashi Keiju) happens to be there as well. Muta learns that Konno has a debt with a moneylender in Hokkaido. After the police find Derek's daughter brutally murdered on the beach, he vows to make the culprit suffer for his actions, even if that person is 'part of the family.'  With careful research into the history of torture, Derek prepares himself and his basement for a week of brutal tactics that will make his daughter's killer feel the pain that he has inflicted upon so many others.  In a time when stranger danger is ever present, a single father learns that it's the ones you trust most who have to be watched the closest. Craig moves with his daughter, Jennifer, into a new home after the death of his wife. It's not long before the pair discover the house is haunted by a dark presence that wants to take over the child. One day Jennifer disappears and Craig must face a terrible truth in order to find his daughter. What happens when you mix Deliverance with Friday the 13th and a touch of the Breakfast Club, the result is Black Water Wilderness, a pulsating pounding action horror set in the frightening and dark backwoods of Alabama. Going camping in the woods will never be the same. In the summer of 2012, footage was captured by three travelers on a road trip, who unwittingly find themselves in the middle of a massive global conspiracy. A man videotaping his road trip is taken hostage by three criminals and forced to tape their crime spree, including robberies and murder. Mark Kaminsky is kicked out of the FBI for his rough treatment of a suspect. He winds up as the sheriff of a small town in North Carolina. FBI Chief Harry Shannon, whose son has been killed by a mobster named Patrovina, enlists Kaminsky in a personal vendetta with a promise of reinstatement into the FBI if Patrovina is taken down. To accomplish this, he must go undercover and join Patrovina's gang. Wanting to follow the current trend, Francesca, a young teacher from Bucharest, is eager to emigrate to Italy. Unfortunately,whilst desperately seeking support from those nearest and dearest to her, various untold truths unravel. A feature-length documentary film about hip-hop DJing, otherwise known as turntablism. From the South Bronx in the 1970s to San Francisco now, the world's best scratchers, beat-diggers, party-rockers, and producers wax poetic on beats, breaks, battles, and the infinite possibilities of vinyl. A Japanese artist visits the Highlands of Scotland to paint, but becomes the target of a sadistic killer. Alone, suffering from exposure and hunted, he must find a way to survive. On New Year's Day, Kristen's boyfriend Ivan drops her off at her father's cafe to clean up after the night before. Then a mysterious figure starts harassing her. He calls, lurks at the door, whistles... and seems to know everything about Kristen... After a young woman is kidnapped, her captors soon come to realize that in fact they may be the ones in danger and this young woman has a dark secret inside her. A distressed couple become stranded on an isolated island only to get hunted by an unforeseen force. After the mysterious disappearance of their mother, estranged brothers reunite and discover an unknown supernatural force. Two strangers feel a supernatural connection after being involved in the same accident. From the creators of After the Dawn, L.A. Maniac, Play Hooky, and Dirty B.O. , Comes a found footage movie that will surely put you on the edge of your seats. With the inspiration of true stories, Jack Hunter's PARANOIA TAPES will send a chill down the bottom of your spine. John Gregory, who is a seventh son of a seventh son and also the local spook, has protected the country from witches, boggarts, ghouls and all manner of things that go bump in the night. However John is not young anymore, and has been seeking an apprentice to carry on his trade. Most have failed to survive. The last hope is a young farmer's son named Thomas Ward. Will he survive the training to become the spook that so many others couldn't? A zombie outbreak has fallen upon the land in this reimagining of Jane Austen's classic tale of the tangled relationships between lovers from different social classes in 19th century England. Feisty heroine Elizabeth Bennet (Lily James) is a master of martial arts and weaponry and the handsome Mr. Darcy (Sam Riley) is a fierce zombie killer, yet the epitome of upper class prejudice. As the zombie outbreak intensifies, they must swallow their pride and join forces on the blood-soaked battlefield in order to conquer the undead once and for all. A Paranormal researcher has been handed video footage from a ghost hunter, which reveals clues to a bad and old soul. A dysfunctional family awake on Christmas morning to discover they're sealed inside their house by a mysterious black substance. On television, a single line of text reads: "Stay Indoors and Await Further Instructions." Though Kevin has evidenced 23 personalities to his trusted psychiatrist, Dr. Fletcher, there remains one still submerged who is set to materialize and dominate all the others. Compelled to abduct three teenage girls led by the willful, observant Casey, Kevin reaches a war for survival among all of those contained within him -- as well as everyone around him -- as the walls between his compartments shatter apart. Ray and Gilbert's fishing trip takes a terrifying turn when the hitchhiker they pick up turns out to be a sociopath on the run from the law. He's killed before, and he lets the two know that as soon as they're no longer useful, he'll kill again. The two friends plot an escape, but the hitchhiker's peculiar physical affliction, an eye that never closes even when he sleeps, make it impossible for them to tell when they can make a break for it. An Indian mystic uses magical chants to raise women from the dead, then sends them out to perform revenge killings for him. A wild animal attacks six medical students on a weekend hike in the woods. One by one, they become infected with a "feral disease," turning them into rabid, bloodthirsty creatures, and the vacation becomes a nightmare as they fight to survive each other. Contains three stories. In "Car Trouble," two hapless motorists who go to the wrong house for help and end up the prisoners of a psychotic killer! In "Secret Agent Murders," two agents learn a deadly secret about their boss and are targeted for murder. In "George's Daydreams," George plans to murder three women after they humiliate him at a bar. You, Frank Zimosa, are dead - brutally killed by the Mistandrian Cultists and trapped in the nightmarish Hotel Inferno: a special layer of Hell where demons co-exist with cultists, providing them dark, forbidden knowledge in exchange for endless pain and suffering. Alongside another tormented soul, trapped in the inferno since the Middle Ages, you must locate the five elements comprising the human soul - so that you may reclaim your physical form on Earth - before your body rots away. Do you have the strength to face the hordes of hell and take the first element - The Fire - from the hands of its powerful, ancient protector? There's only one way to find out. Stina a single mother has fallen on hard times. When she has hit rock bottom she is offered a job on a reality horror show, with the promise of a million dollars to the winner. The group of contestants are taken to the deep woods where they must fight to be the last man/woman not caught by the slasher. Unbeknownst to the contestants the slasher is not an actor. They have just started a game that may be their last. A virgin looking to get laid instead gets a nightmare full of blood, sweat, ... and various discharges. Set in the Aokigahara Forest, a real-life place in Japan where people go to end their lives. Against this backdrop, a young American woman comes in search of her twin sister, who has mysteriously disappeared. Seven uniquely connected people awaken in an unusual room and endure hellish creatures in this surrealistic nightmare. A group of friends return home with a friend to help him share a secret only to learn that sometimes older secrets are even more deadly. A young woman is haunted by visions of a faceless man after she is awoken from the dead in a body that is not her own. Short documentary chronicling the true story of famed musicians and the relationships they have with their roadies. Features music legends Chad Smith (Red Hot Chili Peppers), Chris Shiflett (Foo Fighters) and the crew of Pearl Jam. A group of young friends on a road trip decide to take a hiking trip into a remote forest and stumble upon the lair of a powerful vampire. Lucifer Rising is a short film by director Kenneth Anger. The film was completed in 1972 and starred British singer Marianne Faithfull, but only widely distributed in 1980. The film's soundtrack was composed by Bobby Beausoleil. In 1815, during the Mexican Independence movement, a group of soldiers fighting for Spain take shelter at a ranch where a group of sisters support the other band, the insurgents who are fighting for freedom. In Candy Guard's debut film, an overweight woman with a bag on her head sits down and swears at everyone she sees. Sadie, a young female novelist, and an enigmatic woman named Francesca, are enticed by an ex-lover to join him at his Italian villa for a weekend celebration being held to honor the release of Sadie's latest book. Once there, Sadie begins to fear his true intentions as she and Francesca become embroiled in a dangerous game of moral and sexual discovery. Abel is preparing for a special gift to himself on his 50th Birthday. He wants to find himself a new face, that of a beautiful young woman. Ella Nesser is the attractive, but inexperienced murder detective, in charge of the case to track down the serial killer who has been praying on the city's young woman. When Abel develops an obsession with not only her face, but also her tattooed skin - the Hunter becomes the Hunted. Noah, is not your typical entertain-the-kids-no-matter-how-boring-it-is kind of sitter. He's reluctant to take a sitting gig; he'd rather, well, be doing anything else, especially if it involves slacking. When Noah is watching the neighbor's kid he gets a booty call from his girlfriend in the city. To hook up with her, Noah takes to the streets, but his urban adventure spins out of control as he finds himself on the run from a maniacal drug lord. A vain London playboy offers his soul in exchange for eternal beauty in this adaptation of the chilling tale by author Oscar Wilde. Seduced into the decadent world of Lord Henry Wotton (Colin Firth), handsome young aristocrat Dorian Gray (Ben Barnes) becomes obsessed with maintaining his youthful appearance, and commissions a special portrait that will weather the winds of time while he remains forever young. When Gray's obsession spirals out of control, his desperate attempts to safeguard his secret turn his once-privileged life into a living hell. When a group of teenagers receive an invite to download the latest smartphone app, an intelligent personal assistant, they expect a harmless way to get directions and restaurant recommendations. But the sinister nature of the app soon reveals itself, tormenting the friends by tapping into their darkest fears. A woman with no name teams up with a resourceful militiaman and a video-store clerk turned wandering gunslinger to rescue a scientist who may hold the key to ridding the world of the undead. Three friends from California are filming an audition tape for an extreme reality game show. They document their journey to Australia where they will be doing their most dangerous activity.... Shark Cage Diving. A catastrophic turn of events leaves them in baited water full of Great White Sharks, turning their recording into a blood chilling diary of survival... and death. A cash strapped student who starts working the night shift at a Museum suspects that one of the exhibits, a creepy vintage doll named Robert, is alive and wreaking havoc after hours.  Birdboy and his animal friends plan their escape from an ecologically devastated island in this surreal, animated fantasy. Two geeky video bloggers are sucked into a truly awful Z movie. On their return to the real world, they discover they have been pursued by the characters of the trashy films they adore. A zombie kept in hiding by his niece and nephew for over forty years suddenly becomes famous when the world discovers he can talk and reason as though he were alive. As his popularity grows, he is discovered by zombie hunters who want to kidnap him and hunt him for sport. A private investigator reads a book of sinister origins and unknowingly puts his daughter and himself in a fight for their lives...and their eternal souls. The love affair between poet Percy Shelley and Mary Wollstonecraft Godwin resulted in the creation of an immortal novel, "Frankenstein; or, The Modern Prometheus." Eight aspiring actresses are thrown together in a house to compete for title of Scream Queen. Little do they or the crew know that the house is haunted by a ghost seeking revenge. Who will live, who will die in this horror comedy that pokes fun at both reality shows and horror The world as we know it is gone. The few remaining survivors exist in a burnt out world of fear, pain and the undead. Two survivors, once friends, join together to make their way through the wasteland while hunted by bands of cannibalistic maulers, evil scientists and the hungry living dead at every turn. A unique and bizarre visual experience unlike any post-apocalyptic zombie film ever made. A story about the day Death fell in love with Life through a beautiful doe. Teens are being kidnapped and turned into an army of zombies.  But with the power of the Gods of Olympus one woman will do battle with the demonic mastermind behind the foul plan! Where's Wendy (2016) is a found footage film and found footage horror. When a high school graduate's girlfriend goes missing after a series of celebratory parties, Sean and his best friend instantly start searching for Wendy and are joined by her closest girlfriend to help investigate the beach at the end of their small town where she reportedly went for a mysterious after party with other local girls who are also reported missing. As the teens continue their search, Sean quickly discovers that the hunt for his girlfriend has lead them into an irrevocably dark world. A woman finds a VHS tape on her doorstep that shows a series of gruesome tales that could be real. But the true danger is the pumpkin-faced killer that's using the tape to find his next victim. A deaf woman is stalked by a psychotic killer in her secluded home. When two couples decide to swap their partners in a swinger's club, they uncover horrors about their other half they had never known. A psychopath with a mother fixation terrorizes a city, picking out young beautiful women as his victims. When Shaggy inherits an old Southern estate from an uncle, he and his sleuthing hounds take a road trip. But they don't even make it to the mansion before the haunting starts. Amid headless horsemen, walking skeletons, and a menacing butler, Scooby, Scrappy, and Shaggy get majorly spooked. A lonely man with an intention of documenting every important detail is planning to kill his ex-girlfriend within 72 hours only to realize things are not as easy as he previously imagined. Japans Darkest Secret is Americas Newest Nightmare! In Sudan, music is a central part of daily life. At the same time, young musicians struggle to find society's support in pursuing their passion the way they want. One organization called "Yalla Khartoum" strives to counteract by creating safe spaces for young artists to experiment in. This short documentary was shot during one of their workshops. High school music teacher Beth Landon puts herself on the line when she invites world-famous country singer Jason Keith to perform at her rural town's Strawberry Festival. A one-hit wonder with a horrible rep for cancelling shows and copping an attitude, Jason isn't what Beth's mother, Eileen, considers a reliable musical act for the beloved festival, which she is proudly hosting with her good friend Ruth. Beth, reigning as Strawberry Queen, attempts to stick up for her favorite singer, but when she finally meets Jason face-to-face, it becomes obvious it won't be easy. But behind Jason's rock star image, he's hiding a secret about his past that could turn his tanking career around. Along with his manager Ray, Beth convinces Jason the festival gig is a great way to revitalize his career and win back his audience appeal. As Jason spends more time with Beth, his attitude starts to fade as they each encourage the other to realize their deepest dreams as talented musicians. In the not too distant future, two young women who live in a remote ancient forest discover the world around them is on the brink of an apocalypse. Informed only by rumor, they fight intruders, disease, loneliness &amp; starvation. When six friends fly off on a weekend getaway and are suddenly plagued by engine trouble, they're forced to land on a remote island. Looking for shelter, they're grateful to encounter Ma and Pa and their children - an eccentric family living in the island's backwoods. But what begins as simple hospitality turns into a terrifying race for survival as the friends start disappearing one by one ... and turning up dead. Like many 9-year-old boys, Eli Braverman believes something menacing lives in his basement. When his older sister leaves him home alone one night, Eli discovers if this evil is real or all in his head. What Eli confronts may end up being far more terrifying than even his worst nightmare. Anabel and his two roommates are looking for someone to share the rent. They choose an older gentleman who gain their trust, but soon they discover a strange and disturbing presence. In the final days of WWI a shell-shocked soldier must lead a mission deep beneath the trenches to stop a German plot that could turn the tide of the war. Three young women traveling along a dark country road encounter a mysterious girl in a white dress who turns out to be far more than she seems. A deserted old house which is surrounded by ghosts in an old city suddenly terrorizes a town with strange deaths, slowly revealing startling sinister events that occurred five years ago... "Child of the Necromancer mask" is the theme of China's first surreal horror thriller combined with China's oldest and most cruel death curse legend... Girls are killed at a college. A woman psychologist, who specialises in research about twins, is haunted by her dead mothers ghost. Drawn from a never before seen cache of personal footage spanning decades, this is an intimate portrait of the Sri Lankan artist and musician who continues to shatter conventions. A winter in an isolated island makes the appearance of a creature with a leather jacket and eyes that twinkle in the dark. Anyone who comes into contact with him losing his mind. Residents seeking the help of a strange girl who seems to be the only one that can put them with him. To strengthen her faith, it is driven to acts more and more extreme that seem to hide a secret relationship with him. When troubled teen Milo, who has a fascination with vampire lore, meets the equally alienated Sophie, the two form a bond that begins to blur Milo's fantasy into reality. In 1960, a team of Israeli secret agents is deployed to find Adolf Eichmann, the infamous Nazi architect of the Holocaust, supposedly hidden in Argentina, and get him to Israel to be judged. A straight-edged teacher finds trouble when an honors student is willing to do anything to get an A. Using the book 'Fragments', which collects Marilyn Monroe's poems, notes and letters, and with participation from the Arthur Miller and Truman Capote estates who have contributed more material, each of the actresses will embody the legend at various stages in her life. Dick and Suzy become infected with an unknown virus. They soon discover that they have a new found taste for blood. The problem is, they only seem to be able to suck blood out of their victims crotches. A novel writer discovers that her husband is released from prison and is after her and her son soon she takes a hideout in an old house where mysterious events begin to happen. Deep in a remote marshland, three young biologists conduct research but when they encounter an ancient evil, science ends and survival begins.  Katelyn 'Kate' Weston, a country girl who became a lawyer and joined an L.A. law firm years ago, specializes in defending minors having committed violent crimes who nobody else takes on. She gradually got estranged from her family, but then her older brother Ryan asks her to return to the farm he runs with their dad Thane who has become impossibly absentminded. By the time he is formally diagnosed with serious Alzheimer, she realizes how badly she really knew her family, having ran from her past after the trauma of witnessing her mother's suicide at age seven, and tries to talk it trough with Ryan and dad while he still has lucid moments. The Dwarves, Bilbo and Gandalf have successfully escaped the Misty Mountains, and Bilbo has gained the One Ring. They all continue their journey to get their gold back from the Dragon, Smaug. Future brothers-in-law Tyler and Byron bond by dressing as the Wasco Clown and taking pictures that spread across the internet, a viral hit overnight. What starts as great fun turns deadly as the very real Wasco Clown returns to terrorize the town. A Tale of Legend come to Life, a test of the friends' courage to overcome their fear of a circus nightmare, resurrected. An OFW returns to the Philippines in a coffin; the deceased woman resurges from the dead, terrorizing her hometown. Get ready for a (literally) breathtaking trek up Mt. Everest, from Base Camp at 17,600 feet; through the chilling, corpse-strewn Death Zone; to the very pinnacle of the the Earth, five and a half miles above sea level. For those brave souls who survive the harrowing climb to the top of the world, it is a transformative experience. But can the excruciating ascent--through frigid cold, blasting wind, blinding sun, and severe lack of oxygen--cause permanent, damaging changes to the human brain and body? In the wake of the 1996 disaster that took eight climbers in a single day, scientists follow a team of hikers to measure, for the first time ever, the toll high-altitude climbing takes on the heart, lungs, blood, and brain. Why do seemingly rational people make poor, sometimes fatal decisions as they approach the peak? And the danger doesn't end there--as NOVA discovers during the descent, when one climber's respiratory illness takes a terrifying turn on the isolated mountainside. A futuristic 'Brief Encounter', a love story in which the romance is doomed by genetic incompatibility. Chris and his girlfriend Rose go upstate to visit her parents for the weekend. At first, Chris reads the family's overly accommodating behavior as nervous attempts to deal with their daughter's interracial relationship, but as the weekend progresses, a series of increasingly disturbing discoveries lead him to a truth that he never could have imagined. MANOS Returns is the follow up film to the cult favorite Manos: The Hands of Fate, created by Jackey Neyman Jones who portrayed Debbie from the original film. In the grim Alaskan winter, a naturalist hunts for wolves blamed for killing a local boy, but he soon finds himself swept into a chilling mystery. Two close and very wealthy friends, Vijay and Pranlal, decide to cement their friendship to a relationship when Vijay proposes marriage on behalf of his sister, Shobha, with Pranlal's son, Amar. Pranlal agrees, and preparations are on for the marriage to take place. Vijay finds out that Pranlal and his men are using their business as a front for drugs and smuggling, and he decides to cancel the wedding. Pranlal is angry with Vijay, but refuses to give up his criminal career. When Amar finds out about his dad's spurious activities, he kills himself. Pranlal, humiliated and angered, vows to avenge Amar's death, and wants Shobha to be Amar's widow for the rest of her life, which is not acceptable to Vijay. Then Shobha meets with a handsome stranger named Jackie, who rescues her. She offers him employment with her brother's firm, and they fall in love with each other. For rookie cop Linda Blair and serial killer Clive Barker, the biggest challenge they'll both face, is looking in the mirror. 10 years has passed since the confrontation between Kira and L. Again, Shinigami sends death notes to the ground and due to this, the world soon falls into chaos. Tsukuru (Masahiro Higashide) is a member of the Death Note special task force team with 6 other investigators including Matsuda who experienced the Kira case of 10 years ago.  Mass murders caused by the death note takes place on Wall Street in the U.S., Shibuya in Japan and other places. World famous private investigator Ryuzaki (Sosuke Ikematsu), who is the rightful successor of L, also investigates the mass murders. They discover that 6 death notes exists in the world.  A computer virus called Kira spreads in the world. A message in the Kira virus says to turn in 6 death notes.  A person who has 6 death notes overwhelm the world. The confrontation begins between the person who wants Kira's revival and the people who want to stop it. A young nurse takes care of elderly author who lives in a haunted house. A gathering of friends is thrown into chaos by the opening of a mysterious fiery sinkhole near their secluded holiday home.  Upon returning to her childhood hometown Mia Moss (Nicola Fiore) begins experiencing disturbing nightmares and episodes of sleep paralysis; the phenomenon in which a person wakes up after entering deep sleep and finds that although they are fully awake their body is not.. Leaving them essentially paralyzed.. It's in these moments that a group of shadow beings begin pursuing her. 'Toon star Roger is worried that his wife Jessica is playing pattycake with someone else, so the studio hires detective Eddie Valiant to snoop on her. But the stakes are quickly raised when Marvin Acme is found dead and Roger is the prime suspect.   A genre-defying mixture of horror, sci-fi, myth, mystery and thrills told as four interlocking tales in one intelligent anthology. Ghosts, spirits, creatures, demons and more from the paranormal world collide with rational curiosity. In the dark side of Rio de Janeiro, vampires deal vampire powder, which provides its users with a small taste of immortality. They work for Limbo Corporation, a company dedicated to the shady business, whose CEO is Limboman. Vlak and Michele reign supreme in the city. But Vlak has a restless spirit and decides to yank from his gums the fang chip through which he is monitored by Limboman. He has a mental blackout and starts to roam the city streets. Michele, searching for a new partner, meets Draco, a decadent vampire and former nemesis of Vlak. Their meeting encourages Draco to go back to the streets where he meets Daphne, a ripper psychopath who attacks her victims with a chainsaw. Draco joins her to find Vlak and avenge himself. Vlak, however, is abducted by Wang Su, a Chinese woman that is ruling the underworld in Rio. Wang Su wants to use Vlak to defeat Limboman and take over the command of the shady business. A couple inherits their family's ancient Italian palazzo where sinister shadows from the past reappear. These two tales based on the best-selling books by R.L. Stine have a reputation for giving viewers goose bumps. In "The House of No Return," new kid Chris Wakely is invited to join a club of brave kids. But first, he has to spend the night in a notoriously spooky house. In "The Haunted House Game," Nadine Platt and her friend, Jonathan Hall, discover an abandoned game in the closet of a creepy house and find themselves sucked into another world. A tale about a happily married couple who would like to have children. Tracy teaches infants, Andy's a college professor. Things are never the same after she is taken to hospital and operated upon by Jed, a "know all" doctor. A young woman with a mysterious past lands in Southport, North Carolina where her bond with a widower forces her to confront the dark secret that haunts her. Chasing The Dragon II: Wild Wild Bunch is based on a real-life spate of kidnappings that terrorised Hong Kong's elite in the 1990's. Tony Leung Ka-fai plays the kidnap kingpin, while Louis Koo is the undercover agent who infiltrates his gang. A man forced to confront his past when he and his girlfriend end up entangled in a web of lies. Juliet and Alberto are a marriage in which peace reigns home. Mood surely be upset if  Juliet suspecte that her her husband uses the vet who runs to assist clients instead of animals. Living in the USA illegally for over 20 years, Miko Revereza reflects on his family's relocation from Manila to Los Angeles in this introspective essay film. Patching together self-portraiture and home-movie footage, his sombre yet resolute voice-over contemplates the weight of postcolonial history and obstructed futures on diasporic identities. A story about a video of a group of people going hiking and a mysterious little girl in a red dress following them. A babysitter with a clever and violent ward. A patient who mistrusts the doctor's orders. A young woman haunted by a malevolent presence. And the terror that ties them all together: Bugs. A young rogue is thrown into prison for the weekend, unaware that the guards are blood-sucking vampires and the inmates are their victims Two disparate young women working for a company that conducts euthanasia are dispatched to a remote estate to perform a custom assisted-suicide ritual, but unwittingly summon the wraiths of a Death Cult that once inhabited the property. A young man slowly loses himself more and more into a dream world and his own nightmares. But what if the dreams are real? A famous actress has been trapped in the limo should take her to the gala which would collect an award for his career. The crystals are tinted black, the doors are locked and a strange voice lets you clear that if you do not want to spend more unpleasant things than strictly necessary, for the rest of the night will fulfill all his orders.  It's time, THE SHOW BEGINS ... Juliette, a lone survivor of an apocalyptic era, fights to survive against hunger, thirst, a broken leg and strange disturbing creatures that only comes out at nighttime. A college professor travels to New York City to attend a conference and finds a young couple living in his apartment. A young woman held in captivity discovers the realities of truth and lies in the outside world. A young man uses a bug camera to spy on his ex-girlfriend, then witnesses her abduction. Three women with mysterious pasts, a nerdy boy, a company man, and Jesus Christ himself all plunge into an absurdist nightmare when a giant and magical prism descends upon planet Earth and warps reality. Featuring Lloyd Kaufman, Blondie's Matt Katz-Bohen, and a special appearance by indie superstar Mac DeMarco. Miles is haunted by a supernatural entity in the wake of his 18th birthday After an infectious outbreak causes people to become rage filled and cannibals, a group of survivors must figure out how to get by. The infected aren't the only threat though. After the fall of society, people begin to lose their humanity, as these three struggle to hold on to theirs. The Crash Reel tells the story of a sport and the risks that athletes face in reaching the pinnacle of their profession. This is Kevin Pearce's story, a celebrated snowboarder who sustained a brain injury in a trick gone wrong and who now aims, against all the odds, to get back on the snow. After they lost their parents in a traffic accident, strange events begin to happen to Yeonhui and Yeonsu. After the accidental death of her rapist, an art student becomes an unlikely vigilante, set out to avenge college girls whose rapists were not charged. Inspired by the Bill Cosby rape allegations. The shockingly disturbing stories you only heard about on the news. Now you can see it... uncut... in all of it's horrifying terror! An artist shows his masterpiece to his subject. In the forest ... Two cult members, Nigel and Job, decide to go on a road trip during their last two weeks on earth. Bucketlist in hand, motorhome fired up, the two head for the mountains of Scotland for a final fortnight filled with girls, skydiving, camping, alcohol and strange men claiming to be vampire slayers... Is this God's plan for Nigel and Job? Lucifer Rising is a short film by director Kenneth Anger. The film was completed in 1972 and starred British singer Marianne Faithfull, but only widely distributed in 1980. The film's soundtrack was composed by Bobby Beausoleil. In a stagecoach stop far away in the Wild West the unexpected visit of a man called 'Colonel', will change their peaceful lives . When Steve Dallas, a womanizing local weatherman, hears that his off-the-grid best friend Ben Baker has lost his estranged father, the two return to Ben's childhood home. Once there, they discover Ben has inherited the family fortune, and the ill-equipped duo must battle Ben's formidable sister and deal with his father's gorgeous 25-year old widow. A disgraced NYPD detective after being thrust into a citywide manhunt for a cop killer, is given a shot at redemption. Four friends prank a Cabin in the Woods nightmare on their friend's honeymoon so well that it actually becomes The Cabin in the Woods horror in real life. Jack Brookfield, a gambler with clairvoyant and hypnotic powers, is able to win at cards through his unique gift. But when he inadvertently hypnotizes young Clay Thorne, Thorne kills an enemy of Brookfield's while under a trance. No one believes Brookfield's protestations that Thorne is innocent of any murderous intent, so Brookfield teams up with retired lawyer Martin Prentice in hopes of saving the young man from the gallows. Headstrong textile student Irina tries to overcome her problems by accepting a summer job offer from an isolated and offbeat village of Kyrsya. As Irina begins to get a grip of herself, the harmless and offbeat hillbillies begin to reveal their true nature. A parody of film genres composed of three shorts, spoofing personal growth films, glossy soap operas, and police stories. On a Greek island during the 1912 war, several people are trapped by quarantine for the plague. If that isn't enough worry, one of the people, a superstitious old peasant, suspects a young woman of being a vampiric kind of demon called a vorvolaka. 5 persons on a yacht are killed one by one by a serial killer. Lucifer Rising is a short film by director Kenneth Anger. The film was completed in 1972 and starred British singer Marianne Faithfull, but only widely distributed in 1980. The film's soundtrack was composed by Bobby Beausoleil. Trapped in an apartment and surrounded by ghosts that are always just out of sight, Lorraine must confront her greatest fears. An immortal blues musician terrorizes childhood sweethearts reunited over the Thanksgiving holiday. A couple's relationship is tested when uninvited guests arrive at their home, disrupting their tranquil existence. Adrian and Esteban have been missing for a year. The police are at a standstill, despite having found their personal belongings in Cozumel, an island 12 miles away from the Riviera Maya. Alex friend of both, manages to get their cell phones, with which he will start his own parallel research. And he will discover that the truth is much more terrifying than you could imagine. Teenagers Zach and Josh have been best friends their whole lives, but when a gruesome accident leads to a cover-up, the secret drives a wedge between them and propels them down a rabbit hole of escalating paranoia and violence. The residents of a small town discover that something more sinister than killer wolves is lurking in the backwoods: first the wolves start turning up dead...then people. Two skeptic researchers investigate a mother's claim that an unknown presence may be trying to communicate with her 7-year-old daughter. A supernatural love story that centers on two parents whose life together falls apart after their son dies. The man, now a successful lawyer, and the woman, now married and an author, get a chance at reconciliation ten years later. When his mother commits suicide, Tom Redding discovers he has a long lost sister that cannot move or talk. Together they travel to their dead mother's isolated home, where Tom hopes to document her illness, only to be driven to the brink of madness by a supernatural evil. Adam, a lonely man with Asperger's Syndrome, develops a relationship with his upstairs neighbor, Beth. A frustrated, angry teenage girl awakens something in the woods when she naively performs an occult ritual to evoke a witch to kill her mother. A mother must protect her family on Christmas Day from a demented stranger who is hell bent on tearing them apart. 16-year-old Kelly quits an elite gymnastics program and moves to Australia. To help out a new friend and show up an old rival she re-enters competitive gymnastics, she'll have to find a way to move forward while making amends with her past. A group of kidnappers become a child's unlikely protectors, after finding out they have unwittingly been set up to take part in a deadly game of human sacrifice. As they start to uncover the truth of the safe house they find themselves trapped, they must battle demonic forces in the walls and uncover the terrifying truth of over a hundred years of murder in the name of the Devil. A doctor's daughter is kidnapped and buried alive, and he is given just five hours to find and rescue her. A Christmas horror anthology. 12 of the world's leading indie horror directors bring you twelve twisted tales of terror with a yuletide twist. A young man is in a race against time as he searches for a cure after becoming infected with a virus that will eventually turn him into a blood-sucking vampire. After being brutally murdered, the troubled girl Juliet White ends up in a limbo, where a spiritual guide forces her soul to re-live repressed memories. After being a victim of rape within their own home, Diana chooses to keep the trauma secret. Mario, her husband, also has something to hide. The silence takes the couple's account over the day turns gradually into a peculiar form of violence. A small town psychic gets in over her head when she becomes entangled with a local serial killer A restaurant owner going over the edge when an armed robbery is attempted at his establishment. He holds everyone captive at gunpoint - criminals and customers alike - and situations corrode into a nightmare state, guided by manipulation and raw compulsion. A homeless veteran battles to survive against his demons in the remote Highlands of Scotland John Henry returns to his hometown in hopes of repairing his relationship with his estranged father, but a local gang is terrorizing the town. John Henry is the only one who can stop them, however he has abandoned both his gun and reputation as a fearless quick-draw killer. Self-made chemist Sean, a recluse living in an old trailer in the woods, suffers from pill-popping delusions of fortune. When his manic attempts at cracking the ancient secret of alchemy go awry he unleashes something far more sinister and dangerous. Five friends fall under the seductive influence of a libidinous, otherworldly presence that threatens to change their lives forever in this strange and erotic new film from director Scott Schirmer (Found) and producer Brian K. Williams (Time to Kill). Starring Jason Crowe (Dead Moon Rising), Ellie Church (Headless), Tristan Risk (American Mary), Dan Nye (The Legend of Wasco), and Kevin Roach (The Confession of Fred Krueger), with special FX by The Clockwerk Creature Company. An eccentric collector of rare movies shot on super-8 dies and his library is sold off. Film Fanatic Marty Weeks successfully bids on several reels of film and rushes home to watch them. The projector clatters to life an the light flickers on the screen as terror unspools in early short films made by the Polonia bros between 1983 and 1985, right before their switch to the new video format. Witness the celluloid horror of maniacal cults, scarecrow vengeance, and even an Aqua-Maniac! Watch as Death Reel unfolds and the fevered beginnings of the Polonia Bros gets you in its death grip!!!!!! "If you could bring her back, would you?" This is the question burning deep within the mind of Jake, a man already torn apart by the brutal death of his fiance Sarah. In an attempt to snap him out of his emotional tempest , Tila, his sister, convinces Jake to join her and her friends on a camping trip to an abandoned ghost town as a way to relax and get away from it all. However, things soon go wrong when Jake unknowingly discovers the dark secret of the town; a secret hinted within the warnings to stay away and leave from Merlock, the sheriff of a nearby town. Jake and the others ignore the warnings and press on, unaware of the events they are setting forth, and the fatal price that will have to be paid to answer this single burning question... "If you could bring her back, would you?"  - Written by Mad Angel Films In a small New Mexico town, a 17-year-old high school girl who just got her driver's license gets into her first Fender Bender, innocently exchanging her personal information with an apologetic stranger.  Later that stormy night, she is joined in her desolate suburban home by a couple of her school friends who try their best to make a night out of it, only to be visited by the stranger she so willingly handed all of her information to -- a terrifying and bizarre serial killer who stalks the country's endless miles of roads and streets with his old rusty car, hungrily searching for his next unsuspecting victim. In this MGM Crime Does Not Pay series short, a young man graduates from the police academy at the top of his class. He then teams up with some local thieves and uses his knowledge of police procedures to pursue a career of undetected crime. A Psychiatrist struggles to defeat superstition and old beliefs when a disgraced traditional healer threatens to tear his world apart.  A film adaptation of D.H. Lawrence's novel. After a crippling injury leaves her husband impotent, Lady Chatterly is torn between her love for her husband and her physical desires. With her husband's consent, she seeks out other means of fulfilling her needs. Several years after the tragic death of their little girl, a doll maker and his wife welcome a nun and several girls from a shuttered orphanage into their home, soon becoming the target of the doll maker's possessed creation--Annabelle. Horror Anthology "60 second short films that will scar you for a lifetime" A mentally disturbed car mechanic, with a deep fascination of Aztec culture, is convinced that if he consumes enough human eyeballs, he'll possess the ability to see in the future. Two sisters are trapped under the fiberglass cover of an Olympic sized public pool and must brave the cold and each other to survive the harrowing night. In a series of escalating encounters, former security guard David Dunn uses his supernatural abilities to track Kevin Wendell Crumb, a disturbed man who has twenty-four personalities. Meanwhile, the shadowy presence of Elijah Price emerges as an orchestrator who holds secrets critical to both men. Giko Nokomura is a delinquent girl and a senior in middle school. She struggles to kill zombies who were her classmates. Brothers Jack and Oliver reunite to put their beloved dog to sleep. While their zany mother plans a party to celebrate Stella's life, things go awry when the brothers discover they love the same girl. The swinging London, early sixties. Beautiful but shallow, Diana Scott is a professional advertising model, a failed actress, a vocationally bored woman, who toys with the affections of several men while gaining fame and fortune. Diego, Manny and Sid return in this sequel to the hit animated movie Ice Age. This time around, the deep freeze is over, and the ice-covered earth is starting to melt, which will destroy the trio's cherished valley. The impending disaster prompts them to reunite and warn all the other beasts about the desperate situation. It's Halloween and Barney and his friends are decorating the gym for an exciting party at the school. From Indian corn to smiling jack-o-lanterns, the gym is aglow with the colors of fall. Meanwhile, BJ and Baby Bop are putting the final touches on their costumes as they get ready for a fun-filled night of trick-or-treating.   An Eccentric haunted house owner invites a group of hapless teens to play the terrifying game known as Charlie Charlie, overnight in the many attractions his house has to offer. While the game is meant to be a mere spectacle of spooky fun, it soon turns into a true nightmare leaving the teenagers, and the owner, battling for their lives. Street-smart exorcist Fatt has an unique method of dealing with vengeful spirits: He negotiates with them and persuades them to let go of their grudges. After recordings of his exorcisms go viral, Fatt attracts the attentions of a murderous spirit who's targeting mediums, as well as a troublesome reporter who takes great interest in Fatt and his close relationship with a female spirit. Soo-hyeon and Hye-ji are sitting on a pile of debt thanks to their husband and father who ran away in the middle of the night. Tae-san the loan shark demands the money no matter what. He rapes the mother and daughter and requires them to join prostitution. They survive day by day selling themselves until one day, Tae-san suggests a way they can clean slate over one night and that is for the mother and daughter to have the most extreme sex with one man. Azap is a Turkish cinema film directed by Turkan Soray An opportunist short filmmaker takes his unsuspecting girlfriend to an out-of-city bungalow with the wrong intention, but runs into a ghost who cannot tolerate promiscuous men. Six strangers find themselves in circumstances beyond their control, and must use their wits to survive. The happy go lucky girls working as software professionals start a short film to pursue their dreams of film making. Everything goes well apart from the theme of the film they chosen. A young woman is committed to a psychiatric hospital and claims her newborn was stolen by a dark cult. Three best friends try to get 'internet famous' by filming their own survival show out in the woods. A weekend trip to accomplish this project turns deadly when a mysterious and very foreign visitor ends up in their neck of the woods. After a girl goes missing, two of her friends and a mysterious set of strangers find themselves drawn to the cabin in the woods where she disappeared. They will laugh, they will drink, they will kiss, they will make love, and THEY MUST ALL DIE. The film tells the story of six friends whose mountain trek goes awfully wrong. They encounter bizarre incidents during their mountain trek. These incidents are recorded in a video recorder. The story is presented as they discovered video recording left behind by characters who have died or gone missing A doctor moves his family into a mansion. His wife hears weird noises at midnight, then his daughter disappears mysteriously. His detective friend begins to look into this case, only to suspect everyone in this family is somehow complicit. A couple on the run battle to save their daughter from possession by a demon. The story of Michael and Richard Henderson, two stepbrothers from West Virginia who saw an opportunity in the burgeoning VHS market in the 1980s and made their own backyard horror movies, "The Curse of Stabberman" and "Cannibal Swim Club." These films would've been long forgotten, but a recent resurgence in horror fans collecting rare VHS tapes has put the Henderson Brothers back in the spotlight. Thanks to their biggest fan, they're sitting down for their first on-camera interview and looking back on their movies - but they might not be as good as they remembered! An aspiring avant-garde composer rapes a fashion model. When she takes him to court, she's slut-shamed by the defense and the man is exonerated. But justice will be served. After a drunken house party with his straight mates, Russell heads out to a gay club. Just before closing time he picks up Glen but what's expected to be just a one-night stand becomes something else, something special. Cars fly, trees fight back, and a mysterious house-elf comes to warn Harry Potter at the start of his second year at Hogwarts. Adventure and danger await when bloody writing on a wall announces: The Chamber Of Secrets Has Been Opened. To save Hogwarts will require all of Harry, Ron and Hermione's magical abilities and courage. Growing up can be a bumpy road, and it's no exception for Riley, who is uprooted from her Midwest life when her father starts a new job in San Francisco. Riley's guiding emotions-- Joy, Fear, Anger, Disgust and Sadness--live in Headquarters, the control centre inside Riley's mind, where they help advise her through everyday life and tries to keep things positive, but the emotions conflict on how best to navigate a new city, house and school. Private investigator Matthew Scudder is hired by a drug kingpin to find out who kidnapped and murdered his wife. Like some other kids, 12-year-old Trevor McKinney believed in the goodness of human nature. Like many other kids, he was determined to change the world for the better. Unlike most other kids, he succeeded. Every woman gets one last night to go a little wild. Surrounded by her best friends, Jess sets out to have the most memorable bachelorette party ever. But a few unexpected surprises turn her last day of freedom into something terrifying. On The Doll is a story of the victims of child abuse, and the pain it visits upon their later lives. With interweaving stories following victims and victimizers, the film depicts the variety of experiences of abuse. When Igor was young, he lost his father because of his little sister. He will grow up trying to find his own way of giving a new face to his past. A popular urban legend about a woman "aswang" who cooked and ate her two children. The legend is popular in the Visayas and in Mindanao This FDA film explores the history of hallucinogenic drugs, and specifically the effects and therapeutic uses of lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD). Combining graphics that suggest a hallucinogenic experience, snippets of interviews with users (who explain their reasons for taking the drug) and doctors, and taped sessions of research with volunteers, the film delves into the destructive as well as possible positive uses of the drug. A sleep doctor tries to protect a family from a demon that feeds on people in their nightmares. A group of GLBTQIA friends band together to survive a zombie apocalypse. After a fifteen-year-old is brutally beaten up by High School bullies, his wish for revenge unknowingly unleashes the Terror of Halloween. Young orphan Heathcliff is adopted by the wealthy Earnshaw family and moves into their estate, Wuthering Heights. Soon, the new resident falls for his compassionate foster sister, Cathy. The two share a remarkable bond that seems unbreakable until Cathy, feeling the pressure of social convention, suppresses her feelings and marries Edgar Linton, a man of means who befits her stature. Heathcliff vows to win her back. Liu Chenchen, a free-spirited young woman, rebels against her wealthy family and elopes with her boyfriend to join a cruise-bond treasure hunt. But what began as an innocent game with promises of great reward soon turns into a battle for survival when the contestants are thrown into a mysterious world of intrigue and chaos in the middle of the sea. Liu relies only on her wits and her new friends to survive, all the while unmasking foes and learning that nothing is what it seems. But as her companions are attacked one by one, Liu must do everything she can to escape. A cursed antique toy monkey from the original DeFeo home wrecks havoc and possesses a father after being gifted during an annual family reunion. An alcoholic drifter must battle withdrawal and psychotic rednecks after he becomes the target of a deranged sporting event.  After a traumatic experience, Chris comes home to confront his past. but soon finds himself prey to a Demon who taunts him through sleep paralysis. The film tells the love story between Anna and Jose, while at the same time approaches the intersections of urban violence and artistic creation, nature and civilization, war and peace, life and death, abandon and union, showing that in the end of our path we are still coping with mystery, emptiness and transcendence. 13 female filmmakers explore themes of the uncanny, the supernatural, and the sublime in a series of 13 short films featuring a killer twin, an interdimensional time traveler, a doomed magician, and other strange characters that exist within the confines of a decaying, early 20th-century building slated for demolition. 13 tales. 13 women. 13 Chambers. When 4 American tourists - Sofia, Carl, Belle and Michael - go on a ghost tour, they get much more than they bargained for, when the ghosts of an evil Doctor and his last patient victim trap them in the old abandoned psychiatric ward. A photographer uses dead bodies as props in her erotic photos. Everything was going well until she fell in love. In an attempt to kick his drug habit, Brian heads to his cabin and calls upon his friend Anna for help. When he gets there, Brain is harassed by the local sherif and haunted by the ghosts in his cabin. Former adult film star, Mila, is attacked by a misogynistic cult known as The Sword. She turns vigilante and puts a group of bad-ass girls together and seeks revenge. Dr. Diane Landry (Cassandra Schomer) creates an alien-human hybrid to fight off a malicious group of invaders from space. Claimed from a real story in Bangil area, East Java, in 1979. Harun and Ratna with their three children inhabit the house they bought. A few days later the family experience a frightening incident at the house. They call a psychic to cleanse the house from those spirits. After further investigation itu turns out that before the house was built, in this place shaman witchcraft massacre happened. Newspaper reporter Rebecca Chandler, who feels she got no fair chance to prove her worth in her thee years career, looks forward to a Hawaian holiday with her fiance Ryan, but instead of a ring he brings her- walking orders, he found better. So she accepts again to be the bachelor on duty in the Christmas season, and write the annual romantic non-news feel good-story, once more about the elusive Secret Santa in small-town Hamden, where the Christmas spirit it said to last all year. Bad luck follows her from Indianapolis: her car breaks down, she can only get lodgings in a home for the elderly without Internet, and nobody wants to help her unmask the secret Santa. Soon she guesses it must be the only rich philanthropist, but the popular Mr. John Martin Carter doesn't grant her an interview and isn't tricked either, in fact meets her at the worst repeatedly without her knowing him... Scott James, a veteran martial arts expert, is recruited as the protector of the wealthy and beautiful Justine  after she becomes the target of a ninja clan. When Scott finds out that his ruthless arch-nemesis, McCarn , is involved with the stealthy and dangerous criminals, he is eager to settle old scores. Soon Scott is facing off against McCarn and the entire ninja horde in an effort to take them all down. FEDERICO, a man who has lost everything in life, creates a new religious cult kidnaps FERNANDO, a former business partner, whom trying to leave as heir of worship amid a slaughter justified by their own past tragedies. A man recently released from a mental institute inherits a mansion after his parents die. After a series of disturbing events, he comes to believe it is haunted. It is a night of terror as the local teens struggle to stay alive in the sleepy town of Fearsville. They soon discover that fear has a town of its own. Something sinister and grotesque is hunting the fine folks of a rural Texas town. Soon after moving in with her aging aunt Dora, Adele meets Beth, seductive and mysterious, who tests the limits of Adele's moral ground and sends her spiraling down a psychologically unstable and phantasmagoric path. A family of aswang attempt to transition into a living a more normal, less monstrous life. Ricardo O'Farrill brings his sharp, observational humor to the stage with a relentless sarcasm and specific Mexican sensibility. Prepare for mockery. Barbara Hershey stars as Carla Moran, a hard-working single mother until the night she is raped in her bedroom by someone - or something - that she cannot see. Despite skeptical psychiatrists, she is repeatedly attacked in her car, in the bath, and in front of her children. Could this be a case of hysteria, a manifestation of childhood sexual trauma, or something even more horrific? On Jihwan's journey for his next novel, he encounters Hansung, his old friend and novel writer. Jihwan followed Hansung into a strange valley only to fail to catch Hansung, a place where he came across a black covered note. Jihwan refers the novel and mimic one. After that, revealing intricate connection between Hansung and Jihwan. A reporter in Iraq might just have the story of a lifetime when he meets Lyn Cassady, a guy who claims to be a former member of the U.S. Army's New Earth Army, a unit that employs paranormal powers in their missions. A spooky horror anthology for boils and ghouls of all ages! A stranger arrives in a little village and soon after a mysterious sickness starts spreading. A policeman is drawn into the incident and is forced to solve the mystery in order to save his daughter. Nilalang tackles the underbelly of corrupt Philippine cops with the Japanese 'Yakuza' and its links to a centuries' old curse that may be responsible for the spate of serial killings happening in Manila. Evan values family above all else, and anyone who gets between him, his wife, and newborn son learns that the hard way. But when it comes to violent tendencies, it seems the apple doesn't fall far from the tree. Chilsung School is for troubled kids. One day, a strange and bleak mood surrounds the school. The teachers turn into zombies. The kids must struggle to stay alive.  Dead West - or The Rise of the Horror Genre and the Fall of the Western. The story of a western movie actor (Johnny Dust) still trying to make it big in a western film studio and theme park, when a 'new management team' takes over the park and turns the film studio into a fright-fest for the month of Halloween. Haunted by the image of his dead western movie hero, who appears to him on the little screen, Johnny unravels the real intent of management and its opening night 'spectacular', which takes place in the depths of the park's cave. You arrive at a secret location at a precise time, prompted by a mysterious email. You must follow the instructions closely. Once inside, disturbing visions begin. Unspeakable acts befall you--often frightening, sometimes sensual, possibly painful--each stimulating your deepest fears. And when it's over, you are changed, abandoned, and left wondering what is real and what was merely a game. A collection of Trailers from Low Budget Underground Horror Movies from across the globe A young, lonely woman is consumed by her deepest and darkest desires after tragedy strikes her quiet country life. Riley and her friends head to a remote cabin in the woods to study for finals. But they soon find their own lives will be put to the test by a killer in the house. Dark pasts come to light and friendships are questioned as the battle for survival turns bloody. Ben and Ashley come together 20 years after the murder of their parents to determine the cause of their parents' death. Ashley is troubled by the idea that the thing that took her parents' lives may not be finished with her family. The death of Sumiati brings misfortune to Lestari Sucipto's families. Sumiati is an employee in garment company owned by Lestari, a widow with two children, Agus and Wulan. Lestari family is often visited by haunting spirits. Lestari call an expert, Mr Gozali. He unlocks all the secrets about the haunting spirits. Kaycee (Donnalyn Bartolome) and Wendy (Ella Cruz) are always at each other's throats. But when they are left alone in their house amidst a storm, with intruders trying to kill them, they have no choice but to become partners as they try to escape. Chaos reigns at the natural history museum when night watchman Larry Daley accidentally stirs up an ancient curse, awakening Attila the Hun, an army of gladiators, a Tyrannosaurus rex and other exhibits. Valerie Vestron, is looking for a vacation from her life. Her friends have a plan to get her out of the house and get her to a secluded cabin. They plan to throwback some beer, and unwind, for the weekend, but they get more than they bargained for. Behind the looks of a shy film student, David hides an obscure past that is about to be revealed. Figures strange to his routine appear in his life, and awaken feelings that transform him into a serial killer. David shoots the killings and gets famous on the internet. As the killings happen, his disturbing secret is threatened and can come out.  Nehuen Puyelli and his family are of Mapuche origin, Ramon Arce purges the end of a long condemnation, both men cross their destinies in a framework of confinement, as a result of the judicial corruption prevailing in a Patagonian city. A vindictive and wealthy mother makes use of all the resources at her disposal in order to bring Nehuen to a limit situation. In an old house replete with images of Catholic icons and symbols, a young lady struggles with the demented religious fanaticism of her mother, who it seems cannot differentiate between pious fervour and demonic possession  for both exist simultaneously in her being. Young single mum India moves to her new flat, and adds to the pressures of finding employment and meeting the rent when she and a friend begin dabbling with a Ouija board found at the property. Evil powers are unleashed and mysterious deaths begin to occur.. The story is about three young people: My Lan, Thien Tam Khuong Duy and the strange, mysterious, and frightening things happening around them. For high schooler Kei--and for at least forty-six others--immortality comes as the nastiest surprise ever.  Sadly for Kei, such a feat doesn't make him a superhero. In the eyes of both the general public and governments, he's a rare specimen who needs to be hunted down and handed over to scientists to be experimented on for life--a demi-human who must die a thousand deaths for the benefit of humanity. For high schooler Kei--and for at least forty-six others--immortality comes as the nastiest surprise ever.  Sadly for Kei, such a feat doesn't make him a superhero. In the eyes of both the general public and governments, he's a rare specimen who needs to be hunted down and handed over to scientists to be experimented on for life--a demi-human who must die a thousand deaths for the benefit of humanity. For high schooler Kei--and for at least forty-six others--immortality comes as the nastiest surprise ever.  Sadly for Kei, such a feat doesn't make him a superhero. In the eyes of both the general public and governments, he's a rare specimen who needs to be hunted down and handed over to scientists to be experimented on for life--a demi-human who must die a thousand deaths for the benefit of humanity. Lana Williams's brother Daniel has been been missing for a year, and is considered dead.Halloween marks the one year anniversary of his disappearance.She contacts Dave Shipman, a local investigative reporter whose wife committed suicide the same night suspects a cult is responsible for her death. Beliving there is a link connecting the mysterious events surrounding their deaths,they travel to Taylorsville, Indiana on Halloween night in search of the truth that may lead them to Daniel... or something else more evil than ever imagined. Belly Timber A serial killer stalks guests during an open house weekend at a giant secluded luxury condominium estate. A malevolent old house is pervaded by evil spirits who inflict harm upon the occupants. Their latest victim is a woman who is overcome with hatred for her family. It's autumn in New York. Sam has broken up with his girlfriend and his father has recently died. World-weary and sloppy drunk, he finds temporary solace in the arms of Anna, a mysterious vampire who draws him away from his friends and into a web of addiction and madness. Two hundred years after Lt. Ripley died, a group of scientists clone her, hoping to breed the ultimate weapon. But the new Ripley is full of surprises ... as are the new aliens. Ripley must team with a band of smugglers to keep the creatures from reaching Earth. A slasher is killing surfers to make a surfboard out of human flesh. Jonathan Frid portrays a horror novelist who has a recurring nightmare about three figures out of his book who terrorize him and his family and friends during a weekend of fun. Then the dream becomes reality and it never ends. A masked self made transgender, on a twisted mission to become the most beautiful women in town, is interrupted by Charlie Reese, a sleazy private detective who has discovered her world of torture and depravity. The year is 1984. Researchers at the secretive Bentan Labs are celebrating the completion of their latest weapons project: a previously unknown type of mildew, capable of spreading and consuming any kind of vegetation... and ideal for attacking stockpiles of enemy food. When a sponsor is accidentally infected, the mildew's spores are set loose across the facility. As aggressive soldiers flood the complex and the infected staff begin to mutate, the survivors come to realize that the mildew is in fact an alien creature! To avoid an agonising death, the remaining scientists must join forces with "Toxic" - a mysterious mercenary who has infiltrated the building on a covert mission. Will anyone escape the clutches of this out of control fungus and the army of crazed mutants it has created? Body melts, alien mutations, tons of action and geysers of gore await you. The '80s are back! The story of Michael Oher, a homeless and traumatized boy who became an All American football player and first round NFL draft pick with the help of a caring woman and her family A radio station offers a reward to anyone who can stay in a notorious haunted house overnight; a group of young people tries to collect. A group of students decide to base their media assignment on a local railway museum myth. However, when they trespass the premises after hours, they soon learn that some myths are more than stories. On the trashy side of Camaroville, there's a mob turf war going down, but the new gang in town ain't content with merely controlling the local dope and sex trade. They are also mixed up with dangerous black magic, intent on resurrecting hideous demon-gods who have waited centuries for the chance to eat all our souls and enslave mankind! These blasphemous bad guys need stopping, and Jimmy Chevelle, agent of The Department of Supernatural Security, is just the cat to do the stopping James Sullivan and Mike Wazowski are monsters, they earn their living scaring children and are the best in the business... even though they're more afraid of the children than they are of them. When a child accidentally enters their world, James and Mike suddenly find that kids are not to be afraid of and they uncover a conspiracy that could threaten all children across the world. An ugly sweater party turns into a bloodbath when an evil Christmas sweater possesses one of the partygoers. In a post-apocalyptic future where population control is dictated by a high-school aptitude test, two students discover the test is smoke and mirrors hiding a larger conspiracy. A documentary film-maker suspects she is being brainwashed by a secret government organisation.   In PUPPET MASTER XI - AXIS TERMINATION, the final chapter of the AXIS Saga, we find our heroic band of lethal puppets-BLADE, PINHEAD, TUNNELER, JESTER, SIX SHOOTER, and LEECH WOMAN, joining forces with a secret team of Allied Operatives, all masters of psychic powers, as they face off together against a new bunch of evil Nazi adversaries and their collection of vicious Axis Puppets in a showdown that will decide the future of the free world. ATELOPHOBIA HAS BEEN RELEASED AND A GROUP OF FANS HAVE DECIDED TO MAKE A REAL LIFE SEQUAL. THE GAMES BEGIN ONCE THE ENTIRE CAST AND DIRECTOR OF ATELOPHOBIA HAVE BEEN CAPTURED, THEY NOW MUST PLAY A NEW GAME OF LIFE AND DEATH. After suffering a miscarriage, Newlyweds John and Samantha Harris relocate from New York City to a small Appalachian town where they become wrapped up in a nightmarish tapestry of evil. Swedish documentary film on consumerism and globalization, created by director Erik Gandini and editor Johan Soderberg. It looks at the arguments for capitalism and technology, such as greater efficiency, more time and less work, and argues that these are not being fulfilled, and they never will be. The film leans towards anarcho-primitivist ideology and argues for "a simple and fulfilling life". A found footage horror film about a man and a woman camping in Wicklow, Ireland. When the 1989 "one-hit-wonder" glam-metal band "Sonic Grave" embark on a trip to Coachella in hopes of a comeback, their peyote trip pit stop in Joshua Tree incites an "unworldly" viscous attack, and they must "rock" themselves out of harms way. A cowboy sets out to capture an escaped Brahma bull that is terrorizing local ranchers. Based on a story by Eli Colter that appeared in The Saturday Evening Post. A hillbilly deacon, who is actually a cardsharp in disguise, becomes involved in a small-town fight game. The feature-length documentary "Forgotten Scares" goes back to the birth of Flemish horror in the '70s and shines a bright light on the future of horror in Belgium. The viewer gets a chance to discover long forgotten - and even unfinished - genre gems and learn in-depth info about underrated 'splatter and gore'-fests, post-apocalyptic movies, slasher-films, nazisploitation, women-in-prison and other fantastical Flemish genre benders through the eyes of the directors, producers, composers, principal actors and genre experts. "Forgotten Scares" is illustrated by rare behind the scene footage, classic film scenes, production stills, promotional art and even never before seen videos out of the vaults of the filmmakers. A story of love and obsession. A young radio personality who, after her mother dies, discovers she had been having a love affair for 15 years. Now she finds herself recreating her mother's romance by getting involved with a married man. A little girl encounters Indigenous mythological nightmares while lost in the Australian bush. Go Mad and Mark The story revolves around a bunch of college students living in a boy's hostel. The story unfolds over a period of four days in the hostel. Problems begin when a young woman enters the hostel. When her boyfriend dumps Emily, a spontaneous woman in her 30s, she persuades her ultra-cautious mom to accompany her on a vacation to Ecuador. When these two very different women are trapped on this wild journey, their bond as mother and daughter is tested and strengthened while they attempt to navigate the jungle and escape. 7 strangers are locked up in building. There is nothing to eat in the building. They see a big stock pot, a butcher's knife and a watch to count 7 days. The 7 strangers are locked in the building for 7 days and they have to kill each other until there is only 1 person left. The 7 people go insane due to hunger and stress. After confronting her fiance, Paul, in a cheap motel, Betty discovers the horrifying secret that has kept him from sleeping for days. When an awkward date on Christmas Eve leads a couple into a strange theater, they're treated to a bizarre and frightening collection of Christmas stories, featuring a wide ensemble of characters doing their best to avoid the horrors of the holidays. From boring office parties and last-minute shopping, to vengeful stalkers and immortal demons, there's plenty out there to fear this holiday season. In an apocalyptical future, the world is completely destroyed and ruled by the tyrannical Stryker. He controls the unique source of food and uses young women as slaves to explore the mines in the Hell Mountain. When he abducts Shira, her lover Kal meets with the last professor on earth, Garrett, who helps him to rescue Shira. Drama clubs from an all boys high school and an all girls high school hold a joint training camp. The schools are set to merge the following year. At the training camp, horrific and unusual events take place. Soon, the students learn that Dorome an old mountain legend is responsible. Drama clubs from an all boys high school and an all girls high school hold a joint training camp. The schools are set to merge the following year. At the training camp, horrific and unusual events take place. Soon, the students learn that Dorome an old mountain legend is responsible. On their way home from a camping trip, a group of friends become stuck in an eerie forest when their car breaks down. There, they meet a mysterious stranger who warns of monsters lurking in the forest - will they make it out alive?  Based on the popular computer game of the same name. Two wasteoids go deep into the serial killer infested woods of Wisconsin to party, meanwhile bodies start to pile up around them. Albert and Rose Poe bought their dream house seven years ago in Greenfield, NC. They had no idea of the unspeakable horrors that took place in the house before they moved in. If they had known, then their children, Addi and Jade would still be alive. Instead the Poes now find themselves imprisoned in the house they thought was their safe place, and battling their two daughters for survival. In the very near future, Jon Specter leads a boring and lonely existence as an out of work copyright editor. When he begins to suffer from a series of horrible nightmares, he seeks the help of a computerized psychologist that suggests a radical change to his current lifestyle. But before he can do much soul searching, Jon becomes embroidered in a synthetic web of deceit by a family of man-made clones and a mysterious figure claiming to be his father. As Jon slowly slips deeper into danger and his own paranoia, he begins to take drastic measures to regain his sanity and find his own answers in this mind- bending sci-fi horror thriller. Mary moves back to her suburban hometown to find that the suburbs are scarier in more ways than she ever remembered. A psychotic musician lures a fellow band-mate and an unsuspecting woman to a remote mansion for a night of romantic deceit and grinding metal mayhem. Five men heist the Camp Pendleton payroll and kidnap a pilot and his daughter, who are forced to fly them to Mexico. Enroute a double cross has one of the thieves parachute with the loot into an abandoned graveyard surrounded by strange scarecrows. The rest of the team jump after their loot and their former partner. Everything happens during the course of one very dark night. Where the Journey Ends An anonymous love letter left in Carli's locker wreaks havoc on his life, and the lives of everyone who come in contact with it. After an unprecedented global pandemic has turned the majority of humankind into violent infected beings, Morgan, a man gifted with the ability to speak the infected's new language, leads the last survivors on a hunt for patient zero and a cure. A reality TV crew's staged investigation into the paranormal becomes terrifyingly real when the house they're exploring turns out to be haunted by the ghost of a serial killer. Three best friends Danny, Boy and Adam love doing paranormal-related activities at secluded places in order to confirm the existence of ghosts. The trio then goes to an abandoned bungalow that has a dark history behind it, where one of the residents was accused of unconsciously killing his family members. Darren, Lou, Jo and Mas live a meager existence on the fringes of poverty. Indebted to the criminal kingpin of their social housing development, they routinely fear for their lives. On the other side of town, the already wealthy Marcus and his disabled brother Clive receive a windfall in the form of a winning lottery ticket. When their worlds collide following a botched robbery, the would-be criminals get more than they bargained for, and will be tested to their limits in a desperate attempt to survive a predator of monstrous proportions. Story about five people who wanted something so badly that they'll do anything, even to deal with the devil. As they finally get what they want, no one has mentioned that their dream will cost them their lives. Three young friends, Tita, Mari and Aninha decide to change their situations and travel to a beach place for a weekend. On the road, they meet Estrella, a hippie that wants a hide to try to find her unknown father. Together, they will live hilarious, absurd and moving situations. More than a change the air, they change themselves. In the year 3978 global warming has made a desert of the North Pole. Santa and Mrs. Claus battle angry skeletons who didn't get what they wanted for Christmas. Evil aliens try to take over the world and a giant abominable snow man wants Santa for his next meal. High school students go on a graduation trip. They become gripped with fear by the spirit of a dead classmate. Their classmate committed suicide on Valentine's Day, one year ago. She left behind the words "Let's meet one year later." The students must overcome their fear and find out the truth behind the tragedy that took place one year earlier. John Dunning, a disgraced psychic who sees the dead, is thrust in the midst of the embattled Bellvue family empire, and must investigate the suspicious death of the last heir, while cynical journalist Valerie Kreuger documents his every move; but when the death is ruled a murder and John the sole suspect, he must venture into the depths of madness to uncover the truth about the family and their power, before he loses his mind - or worse. In this double dose of bizarre B-movie comedies, a man discovers that his nice, average family is anything but normal, and a hardworking insomniac trades sleepless nights for reality-bending slumber. In Loons, Jeff Coukos's (James O'Brien) engagement opens the floodgates to unsettling family secrets. And in Cutthroats, Don Drinkwater (Alan Kennedy) cures his insomnia, but the nightmares at work still plague him. Peter Cottontail wants to be the #1 chief Easter Bunny, and everyone in April Valley agrees...except for Evil Irontail. Peter must deliver more eggs than this archrival to earn the top spot...and save Easter for children everywhere! Series of short films from emerging talent in the horror genre. In this series each director created a short horror film which all must incorporate the phrase "Bye, Felicia" as the last words in their film. My Master Satan: 3 Tales of Drug Fueled Violence is an anthology horror film that features three tales that revolve around serial killer/druggie Alister (Dakota Bailey) &amp; his equally demented serial killer friends Woody, Charlie and Bubba &amp; takes the viewer deep into a seedy underworld of crime, drugs, depravity &amp; murder. Seventeen year old Elizabeth and her younger sister Sam are thrust into circumstances more terrifying than life with their abusive, drunken mother when they are forced to move into their deceased grandfather's house. Frightened beyond belief, they are forced to learn horrible things about their family history. Never mind the ghosts in the house, there is something far worse that takes an interest in them ... a cannibalistic clown named Crepitus. Mary takes over her friend's babysitting job on Christmas Eve, but something more than yuletide spirit is loose in the house... Saravanan, who has suicidal tendencies, becomes part of Annachi's household as the latter, who has a fear of ghosts, believes that he will help him get rid of it. But the young man has a near-death experience after which he starts seeing ghosts! A scientist creates a toxic cocktail that is accidentally unleashed into the local population and a nearby police "body farm" - creating a small army of flesh-eating zombies - and only one creature of legend, a killer in his own right, can stop the growing hordes of the undead and save humanity. Collegian Tree Gelbman wakes up in horror to learn that she's stuck in a parallel universe. Her boyfriend Carter is now with someone else, and her friends and fellow students seem to be completely different versions of themselves. When Tree discovers that Carter's roommate has been altering time, she finds herself once again the target of a masked killer. When the psychopath starts to go after her inner circle, Tree soon realizes that she must die over and over again to save everyone. A girl, Yuri Kurahashi, after watching a cursed videotape together with her friend in a haunted house, becomes trapped in a conflict between the two murderous ghosts: Sadako Yamamura and Kayako Saeki Determined to pull in the Pulitzer Prize, reporter Johnny Barrett will go to any length necessary to win the coveted award. When he learns of an unsolved murder committed at a mental institution, Barrett devises a scheme to solve it and earn himself recognition. With the assistance of a psychiatrist and his girlfriend, Barrett convinces the doctors at the institution to commit him. Once inside, he begins his investigation -- and gradually loses his mind. A young man hell bent on revenge uses dark forces to reanimate a recently unearthed mummy. Based on the true story of Homer Hickam, a coal miner's son who was inspired by the first Sputnik launch to take up rocketry against his father's wishes, and eventually became a NASA scientist. A retired couple, Bernard and Helen Martin, inherit a house in rural France. Bernard's father had liberated this same village from the Nazis during the Second World War, in a rage-fueled killing spree. This peaceful couple quickly become the target of a cruel gang of street kids, who terrorise the village. Plugged into their devices and devoid of empathy, they are a new breed of technological psychopath... Bernard and Helen's lives become a living hell as they are harassed and tormented by the gang. When pushed beyond breaking point, right or wrong no longer matters, survival is everything! Can Bernard live up to his father's legend? And could they live with the consequences? This is the old generation vs the new! A psychedelic horror that follows a family, who after experiencing vivid hallucinations, believe that they have been poisoned by cannibalistic hillbillies. When a new family moves to an old house in Amityville, they are tormented and tortured by an evil spirit living in the home while trapped by the malicious townspeople who want to keep them there. A girl tragically consumes a full vial of LSD and quickly succumbs to a bizarre fantasy world, with strange beings and a magical obelisk that might be her portal home. This 3rd installment of Kazuto Kodama's horror series delves into the dark side of love, exposing the bizarre cruelties of excessive affection from a psychopath.  Sara Snow, an awkwardly lonely and nervous girl, is being targeted by a serial killer whose thirst for death cannot be quenched. A teenage girl discovers a box with magical powers, but those powers comes with a deadly price. Six friends become prey for a sadistic psychopath when they decide to ditch their high school's after prom party for their own celebration at a secluded house. Returning to his homeland after years of slavery, a Norman prince seeks revenge on his father's  murderer - his ruthless uncle, Earl Durant. Gaining the trust of a band of exiled farmers, he leads them into battle against Durant, exploiting them in his inexorable quest for vengeance. As one by one they are slaughtered in the brutal battle, will the prince sacrifice everything an everyone to fulfil his quest for blood? Madea winds up in the middle of mayhem when she spends a hilarious, haunted Halloween fending off killers, paranormal poltergeists, ghosts, ghouls, and zombies while keeping a watchful eye on a group of misbehaving teens. Two strangers spark romance through their unusual habit. A young woman wakes up in a seemingly evacuated hospital with a hurricane approaching that has awakened malevolent forces inside. She realizes she must escape the hospital before the hurricane passes, or she will be trapped there forever. Determined to pull in the Pulitzer Prize, reporter Johnny Barrett will go to any length necessary to win the coveted award. When he learns of an unsolved murder committed at a mental institution, Barrett devises a scheme to solve it and earn himself recognition. With the assistance of a psychiatrist and his girlfriend, Barrett convinces the doctors at the institution to commit him. Once inside, he begins his investigation -- and gradually loses his mind. A young man who once dreamed of joining the police force becomes the leader of a gang of thieves. Tasked with packing up the belongings of a deceased grandmother, two friends venture to a house nestled deep in the woods where strange noises, lights in the forest, and mysterious locals plague the pair. No overview found. A group of young US tourists vacation in Africa turns into the ultimate nightmare when they arrive at an abandoned lodge isolated in a remote African rural area that holds an ominous and deadly secret. A writer who kills himself but is brought back to life and feels his destiny is get revenge on those who took his idea and that will include a b-listed indie horror actress , Delia Fox and ... A defiant teenage boy, struggling with his parent's imminent divorce, faces off with a thousand year-old witch, who is living beneath the skin of and posing as the woman next door. A group of friends and zombie movie buffs have their life long dream come true. As their provisions run low, reality begins to set in and they realize that the zombie apocalypse isn't all it's cracked up to be. The long-awaited missing pieces from the original version of the film - nearly an hour-and-a-half of deleted/alternate scenes from Twin Peaks: Fire Walk With Me - often referred to as the "holy grail" of Twin Peaks fandom. After a run-in with local thugs, aspiring Harlem rapper Rob flees to a place and father he never knew, and finds his salvation in Reggaeton, a spicy blend of hip-hop, reggae and Latin beats. Puerto Rico, the spiritual home of Reggaeton, inspires Rob and his step-brother Javi to pursue their dream of becoming Reggaeton stars. Together with a dancer named C.C., they learn what it means to stay true to themselves and each other, while overcoming obstacles in love, greed and pride, all culminating in an explosive performance at New York's Puerto Rican Day Parade. A quiet town is jumpstarted by the arrival of an enigmatic family; a statuesque mother named Louisa and her gorgeous teenage sons. Sixteen Year-Old Hilary is working hard to get good grades, hoping to escape the small town life a long line of relatives lived before her. With the arrival of the mysterious family just weeks before school is to let out, life suddenly becomes appealing. Hilary's father is instantly charmed by Louisa, while she herself finds a strong connection to middle son Kadin, ignoring her dubious instincts. As the town falls under the hypnotic spell of the young men, no one but Hilary sees the peculiar loyalty that holds them together and the lengths they will go to give their mother what she needs until it's far too late. Elvira goes to summer camp and is scared to death of not making any friends. Mysterious things also start to happen, things that can't be explained... unless you believe in ghosts. Technology brings us closer. Or perhaps it brings strangers, a little too close. But how much can you really trust someone? With a new ride share service, you never know who will be getting in a car with. Or if you'll ever get out. The spirit chaser An apartment kitchen: a man and a woman discuss Little Red Riding Hood, their voices hushed, mindful of waking the little girl sleeping next room. Waste land on the city outskirts: behind a line of abandoned trailers, the man silently watches what seems to be a family. The same city, the same man: driving through traffic with two hand-made firing pins for a hunting rifle. The man is 42 years old, his name - Viorel. Troubled by obscure thoughts, he drives across the city to a destination known only to him. An expectant couple's intimate weekend turns to terror as they discover their secluded country inn is a haunted maternity home where infants and mothers were murdered. After reading a magazine article about a case of multiple murders 50 years ago, an excited paranormal group sets out to investigate the site where the serial killers lived and where the horrifying crimes occurred. As day turns to night and evidence mounts, they encounter a situation far beyond their control and expectations. A young woman bound in the front seat of a parked car watches helpless as her captor methodically digs a grave in the desert ground. The bloody lifeless body of her boyfriend lies framed in the rear-view mirror, a fate she will fight at all costs to avoid for herself. But this is only the beginning of a brutal struggle where survival could be worse than death. The film centers on Dr. Marcus, a renowned psychiatrist who has selected 6 severe mentally ill and dangerous patients from the Spring Valley Mental Hospital to interview as part of research for his new book. As Dr. Marcus interviews each patient, one by one the horrors they have committed begin to unfold. However, Dr. Marcus soon learns that there is one patient who ties them all together - Patient Seven. Deformed since birth, a bitter man known only as the Phantom lives in the sewers underneath the Paris Opera House. He falls in love with the obscure chorus singer Christine, and privately tutors her while terrorizing the rest of the opera house and demanding Christine be given lead roles. Things get worse when Christine meets back up with her childhood acquaintance Raoul and the two fall in love A group of students of the environmental engineering career go to the neighborhood of the Monday River to do a job, during the night they hear a scream, Viviana (the protagonist) witnesses a moment that will unleash an overwhelming situation in her life that will guide her At the origin of that cry, Barbara and Jose will encounter an abnormal situation that will lead them to seek help in pseudo-science, Viviana's parents will seek explanations for the strange events that circulate Viviana's life. A soldier turned gunfighter rises from the grave only to find himself in a modern time where the same werewolf outlaw gang that brutally murdered his wife are running rampant. Aided by a beautiful widow, a broken down sheriff, and a corrupt Mayor, Colt must face the blood thirsty creatures once again to save a small sleepy southern town.    A man obsessed with conspiracy theories becomes a target after one of his theories turns out to be true. Unfortunately, in order to save himself, he has to figure out which theory it is. The film tells the story of eight strangers who find life turned upside down when a demonic virus from hell transforms those at a local Tea Party rally into zombies. It's Night of the Living Dead-meets-Evil Dead as the survivors band together to fend off the approaching End Times. Some people carried a severe possessed girl with locked wooden box to cure her.  Wisconsin Death Trip is an intimate, shocking and sometimes hilarious account of the disasters that befell one small town in Wisconsin during the final decade of the 19th century. The film is inspired by Michael Lesy's book of the same name which was first published in 1973. Lesy discovered a striking archive of black and white photographs in the town of Black River Falls dating from the 1890s and married a selection of these images to extracts from the town's newspaper from the same decade. The effect was surprising and disturbing. The town of Black River Falls seems gripped by some peculiar malaise and the weekly news is dominated by bizarre tales of madness, eccentricity and violence amongst the local population. A girl and her friends find a game in the attic that summons a creature known as The Midnight Man, who uses their worst fears against them. A criminal gang plots the robbery of a ship carrying $2 million worth of surplus narcotics left over from World War II. The plan goes awry when the gang leader's girlfriend falls for an ambulance attendant who is an unsuspecting pawn in the scheme. A group of salacious students party aboard a luxury yacht only to turn on each other as a 9th PASSENGER picks them off one by one. A young American girl has a chance of a lifetime to visit her ancestors castle in the south of France, only to find that her family is hiding deep, dark secrets about their nefarious past, far away from prying eyes. A couple plots to murder a random stranger just for the thrill of it, but things turn ugly when one of them decides not to go through with it. Scary Full Feature Horror Movie! Jake and The paranormal team are on their way to help a family in need and to help them deal with some paranormal issues, But the Team never make it to their destination! It is abruptly interrupted by other worldly terrifying beings. Who will survive? The film, directed by Kanittha Kwunyoo, tells the story of a young man who is forced by his father to become a monk. The young man later develops an intimate relationship with a village girl. Nakula experienced an event that changed and haunted his life. He then established a relationship with Aluna, a new student at his school. His relationship with Aluna also made him realize so he could make peace with his past. Armed with video cameras and nerves of steel, two men delve into some of the most haunted locations Chicago, Illinois has to offer them as they search for the truth about ghosts and the paranormal. Two secrets will tear a 12-year-old girl's life apart. One she's never told a soul. The other, her entire family's never told her. Tonight they crash. A cameraman is knocked over during a football game. His brother in law as the king of the ambulance chasing lawyers starts a suit while he's still knocked out. The cameraman is against it until he hears that his ex-wife will be coming to see him. He pretends to be injured to get her back, but also sees what the strain is doing to the football player who injured him. Four sorority sisters accidentally unleash a trio of ghastly ghouls from an underground bunker during a weekend getaway in the country. An aging detective and his hotheaded partner tirelessly pursue a serial killer who is right under their nose in this gruesome, deplorable, disgusting new feature film from Ungovernable Films!  Ungovernable Films has set out this time to raise the bar on gore, obscenity, offensiveness, and nauseating FX in this feature film about a serial killer pursued by two dedicated cops. When the killer falls right into their laps without them realizing it, fact and fiction begin to blur for the three men whose senses of identity seem less and less certain. A young couple, Mary and PJ, are kidnapped in their own home by a sadistic clown who wants to break their spirits and sell them into servitude to a cult of wealthy deviants. Mary holds onto her humanity through trial after trial, desperately looking for a way to escape her torment and rescue PJ from his own madness. But time is running out -- and auction day is coming... A pair of husband and wife, Anwar and Zarra, bought a warehouse to start their tile business. However, what the couple does not realise is that 'something' is already residing in the warehouse and 'it' does not welcome the couple. From then on, Anwar and Zarra begin to experience all sorts of supernatural disturbances that end up destroying the household. An independent film company sends a videographer ahead of a story to investigate a body farm where human decomposition is researched. The footage she sends back leads the rest of the team to follow her steps and uncover a grisly medical abyss. In an allegorical female driven film that intimately explores the idea of growing beyond violence, a tight-knit group of vampires crashes into the twenty-first century when their master awakes from decades of sleep. When failed filmmaker Doug Stevenson leaves his video camera in the local park overnight he accidentally records something horrific. With the help of his bumbling teacher buddies Doug goes on a wild ride to save himself, his friends, his ex-wife, and the entire neighborhood! Featuring a killer throwback soundtrack and splattery practical FX find out who will stay alive on Slaughter Drive! When Bobby's car breaks down in the desert while on the run from some of the bookies who have already taken two of his fingers, he becomes trapped in the nearby small town where the people are stranger than anyone he's encountered. After becoming involved with a young married woman, her husband hires Bobby to kill her. Later, she hires Bobby to kill the husband. At a dark pier in the middle of the night, a boat captain and his mate, Nong, are readying their vessel for the next trip. But what they discover is a shocking: the lifeless body of Mia, the wife of the boat's owner, is hanged from a mast in a gruesome fashion. The corpse also sets off panic among other sailors. The captain orders everyone to calm down. He decides that he has to get rid of the body, and comes up with a plan to throw Mia's body in the middle of the sea. But it's not that simple. Once the ship sets sail, the body hidden in the engine room disappears. Mia's spirit is set loose and wreaking havoc on the boat in the middle of the sea. The ghost terrorizes the sailors, who can't escape anywhere except into the water that surrounds them. Things get worse when a storm hits. The only way to save the boat and everyone on it is to locate Mia's body. But there's more serious question that no one remembers to ask: Who murdered Mia? A ghost enters a palatial mansion and starts attacking the men in the family. What is its back story? "Roald Amundsen - Lincoln Ellsworths flyveekspedisjon 1925'' is a new DVD release of film footage from the nearly disastrous 1925 aeroplane expedition led by Norwegian polar hero Roald Amundsen. Financed by american businessman Lincoln Ellsworth, who also was a member of the expedition, the aeroplanes were registered as N24 and N25 and subsequently equipped for polar flights. They took off from King's Bay in Svalbard on May 21st in an attempt to carry out the first transpolar flight of the North Pole, in order to establish once and for all whether there was in fact land in the area. Four orphan boys running from the law in New York stumble upon a baby in a carriage. They decide to head west and take the baby which they name Mary Rose with them. Eventually they set up a ranch which they name Rose Hill. Mary Rose grows up to be a beautiful woman and gets involved with a man who kills one of her brothers. Her brothers then explain to her that they found her in New York and she returns to find her real family. During this time Rose Hill is falling apart since her oldest brother has fallen ill and her other two brothers have gone their separate ways. Danny is a long-term insomniac. He comes across an ad for the Audible Lucid Perceptions sleep clinic, run by the peculiar Dr. Zovnig, and goes in for a consultation. The doctor gives him a small audio device, which generates brain-frequency-altering audio waves, intended to hypnotize Danny into a dream state. Upon the first treatment, Danny is cured and is now sleeping better than he ever has in his life. Danny starts to realize that although he may be able to sleep again, there could be something wrong. Nightmares haunt his sleep, with recurring hallucinations and blackouts while he's awake. Is it all a side effect of the treatment, or is there some evil force at work, affecting Danny's every move? Scary Full Feature Horror Movie! Jake and The paranormal team are on their way to help a family in need and to help them deal with some paranormal issues, But the Team never make it to their destination! It is abruptly interrupted by other worldly terrifying beings. Who will survive? El Demonio de los Andes, directed by Palito Ortega Matute, is based on the Andean myth of the Jarjacha, a demonic character set on destroying everyone it comes across.  The legend of the Jajacha has been passed down from generation to generation. Ortega Matute spoke to people who were told about it by their parents, who had been told the tale by their parents. He also listened to accounts from people who say they've seen the demon with their own eyes. When average, law-abiding citizens suddenly turn to a life of hedonistic behavior and violent crime, Detective Tom Beck (Michael Nouri) is tasked with helping young FBI agent Lloyd Gallagher (Kyle MacLachlan) determine the cause in this tense, sci-fi thriller. Paul and Jennifer Hemdale have just moved into their dream house. But their happy marriage is about to be put to the test as they slowly discover the secret behind the black room in the cellar. Something else is already living in their new home and it is growing stronger every day. A group of young people become lost in the jungle during a river rafting trip and stumble upon a long lost ruin that is home to a host of mysterious monsters. Naples:  Raffaele, a cafe musician, is cajoled into performing a night-time serenade outside an apartment block.  However, his mandolin playing is rudely interrupted by gunshots and a falling Jamaican man, who plummets from a window above.  A camp character is also ejected from a window and Raffaele is compelled to conduct his own investigation.  It transpires that a celebrated maestro, Victor Navarro is being blackmailed.  Lucia, Navarro's attractive daughter-in-law, was present at each murder.  The amateur detective is drawn to her and becomes embroiled in a mystery involving death threats and a macabre secret... Tilt is the story of a precocious young girl who is a pinball wizard. Because she does not get on with her parents, Tilt is contemplating running away from home. Skipping school one day, she decides to go to to Mickey's Bar. Mickey, who is Tilt's good friend, helps her set up a gambler for a pinball game. Because the gambler is unaware of Tilt's pinball wizardry, he is easily hustled out of his money. While watching the confrontation, a young man named Neil Gallagher, who is an aspiring musician, is impressed with Tilt's ability, congratulating her after the win. Neil invites Tilt to watch him sing at a rock concert, and after his performance she believes he can become a great singer. Because Neil needs money for a demo tape of his songs, he has an idea of taking Tilt with him and having her hustle would-be gamblers. Five strangers who met online decide to shoot a short film in an old mansion but instead experience paranormal activity during their activities. The story tracks to the life of a village girl, Tripura (Swathi Reddy), who sees the future through dreams. She meets Chandra (Naveen Chandra) and eventually get married to him to kick-start a new life, moving to the city. But what is troubling her from having a happy life? What role does Eesha (Pooja) play in Chandra and Tripura's life? The six-member crew of the International Space Station is tasked with studying a sample from Mars that may be the first proof of extra-terrestrial life, which proves more intelligent than ever expected. Psychomanteum Marco lives in a world of his own. He wants to spend the event of the total eclipse concentrated and by himself at a junkyard. Lena crosses his path and stays by his side because she likes him and tries desperately to get closer during this special moment. A mad doctor performs a head transplant on an injured criminal, which results in him being even more dangerous and murderous than before. Film opens with the question: How to get rid of the obsession of love and death? Mai Anh did not accept the loss of her father was an accident, she became depressed and resorted to Nam's psychological treatment. About Nam, he can not forget his ex-girlfriend who betrayed and left him 3 years ago. A group of college students go into the deep woods of the most haunted town in America to better understand fear... and they found it. In the not too distant future a secret government re-animation chemo-virus gets released into conservative Sartre, Nebraska and lands in an underground strip club. As the virus begins to spread, turning the strippers into "Super Zombie Strippers" the girls struggle with whether or not to conform to the new "fad" even if it means there's no turning back. Early one summer morning a young man, with a secret stashed away in a duffel bag, emerges from the forest. In a nearby village he asks around for work, but the farmers, suspicious to the point of hostility, are not very forthcoming. Only when Lucy, the mayor's unruly daughter, takes a liking to him, does the village change its attitude: he is promptly offered a job as a farmhand and a caravan to live in. As time passes and he is gradually integrated into the community, it emerges that he's not the only one with a past to hide. Something sinister is lurking under the immaculate surface of this picturesque little world - and it is slowly drawing him in. A former soldier is taken captive and awakens in the back of a van where he learns that he only has less than 10 minutes to figure out how he got there. In Germany, 1941, the Nazis pursue a Toymaker who has acquired a mystical book which gives life to inanimate objects. Based on one of the most infamous unsolved murder cases in American history, this film follows a family who are terrorized at an isolated cabin by mysterious assailants. A family gathers for a happy reunion and marriage announcement on Christmas Day at an isolated mansion in the Philippine mountains only to encounter a series of bizarre, demonic, and tragic events. Raju Gari Gadhi 3 is a horror comedy sequel that revolves around paranormal incidents occurring in and around an old bungalow. Blood Child is horror thriller based on a true story. Bill and Ashely DiAngelo seem to have it all, an overseas posting to Singapore, life in paradise and a new baby on the way. But tragedy strikes when she loses the baby and sinks into a deep depression. Unbeknownst to Bill, Ashley decides that the only way for her to "be" with her miscarried child is to dabble in the South East Asian occult practice of raising her own "ghost child". She seeks the help of her Indonesian maid, Siti, tasking her to find a bomoh (witch doctor) who knows how to trap the spirit of unborn dead fetuses. Siti tries to dissuade Ashley from resorting to such dark magic but to no avail. In the meantime, in an effort to put the tragic events of the miscarriage behind them, Bill decides that it would be good for the couple to return home to Minnesota to start their lives over. Several months after their return to the US, Ashley and Bill are surprised to find themselves pregnant again.... Prakshan runs an electrical hardware shop and is known by all the people of that village. As the story progresses, the entry of a mysterious girl in Prakshan's life unfolds a lot of suspense and comical moments. A security guard (Vincent Rivera) gets hired to guard an empty mansion until the owner will arrive in the morning. Little does he know, he has been set up as a human sacrifice to placate ... TRAILERS unites the most personal and experimental aspects of underground filmmaking with a scope that is as cosmically vast as a science fiction epic. Rashidi's ongoing exploration into the nature of cinema sees a group of characters adrift in space, each locked into their own sexual rituals while a cataclysm of universal proportions unfolds. Humanity has become a mysterious burlesque show for alien eyes: the gaze of the film camera. This visionary spectacle uses multiple formats and visual textures in weaving an erotic anti-narrative suspended in its own space and time. In a suburban community, moms and dads, one after the other, mysteriously feel the irresistible impulse to attack and kill their own offspring. An orange Chevrolet Impala drives across a cemetery towards an abandoned shipwreck in the middle of a desert landscape. It is the 22nd of January, 1965. The day before, the Iranian prime minister was shot dead in front of the parliament building. Inside the wreck, a banished political prisoner has hung himself. The walls are covered in diary entries, literary quotes and strange symbols. Can they help Police Inspector Babak Hafizi in his investigations? Will they shed any light on why there is always an earthquake whenever somebody is buried in this desert cemetery? Shivalinga is story weaved around a murder mystery. Who killed Rahim? Why was he killed? Is it murder of Suicide, CID Shivu (Shivrajkumar) investigates the murder mystery. But, what is Shivu's wife's involvement... A cash-strapped man and his pregnant wife buy a beautiful new home at a bargain price, only to learn that they aren't the only occupants. Fear of Silent hill is a movie based mostly on the life of the abused 14-year old girl Alessa, who on some times become friends with the young girl Alma Wade who in some ways is very ... Lyco is an action horror film about a voodoo priest named Lyco Fontaine (Macquell James) who is in search for an ancient Relic that has been around for centuries called the Port of Spain elephant. It is said that the elephant statue has special powers and if fallen into the wrong hands the innocence of the world would be in danger. The world has been devastated by the virus that has reanimated the dead to consume the living. Australia has so far remained unscathed through a brutal border protection policy and internment facilities. Derek Jones and the High Risk Response Unit restore order to the internment facilities when law and order breaks down. When the arrival of a mysterious girl collides with the uprising at the Briar's Hill Detention Centre, will Australia, the last hope for many, finally fall? A struggling screenwriter inadvertently becomes entangled in the Los Angeles criminal underworld after his oddball friends kidnap a gangster's beloved Shih Tzu. Blair Jensen, a young mother, get's released out of prison after being arrested on multiple drug charges one year earlier. On the day of the release, Blair received shocking news that her boyfriend got married to someone else who's now playing mother to her daughter Linda. When Blair finally reunites with her daughter she's facing a social worker giving her the devastating news she has restricted visits only until she can prove in court that she can obtain and require full time employment. Chuck, a young loner, is invited by a neighbor to a dinner party, but turns it down. He finds himself visited by "Chuck of the future"--himself at age 21. "Chuck of the future" knows the reason the current Chuck doesn't want to go to the party--he's embarrassed over his poor table manners. "Chuck of the future" decides to give "Chuck of the present" some tips on proper table etiquette. Investigative reporter Chase Carter must stop a secret government conspiracy in the zombie infested quarantine zone of East Mission City. After the death of a group of teenagers using the Ouija, the psychologist Fernanda and her son return to Peru, but they will find themselves surrounded by an evil entity as big as its wicked sect.  Four co-workers get together to finish a project at their manager's home. They haven't actually met face to face and they discover they have more in common than the new App they are perfecting. As they piece together their histories, they realize that each of them has a deadly secret that could reveal a way out or seal their fates. Their pasts have provoked a vengeful force to show them the errors in their ways. The home they have been summoned to becomes their court and their prison. Can they prove that history doesn't repeat itself? Can they redeem themselves before time runs out? Will they figure out their fateful bond before revenge has its way with them? An out-of-town heist becomes a nightmare for a crew of French burglars when they mistakenly rob the head of the Chicago mafia. Unaccustomed to the ways of the American underworld, it is not long before they have the mafia, the FBI and a couple of street gangs on their backs as they attempt to make their way back to Paris. In this montage a melding of camera original and found material hints at a realization which is evident only in the fissures of splintered associations. Obscured among visceral absurdities and lightweight witticisms there seeps a viscera, an acrid recollection, coiled in the intangibles of puzzled shadows. Demon hunter, Jebediah Huntley teams up with an FBI agent to battle a supernatural force in the southern state of Mississippi. FBI agent Joel Campbell, burnt-out and shell-shocked after years spent chasing serial killers, flees L.A. to begin a new life for himself in Chicago. But five months later, Joel's best laid plans are abruptly cut short when his new hometown becomes the setting for some particularly gruesome murders--murders that could only have been committed by one man: David Allen Griffin. One of Joel's most elusive and cunning nemeses, Griffin has followed his former pursuer to Chicago in order to play a sadistic game of cat and mouse. Taunting Joel with photographs of his intended victims and leaving his crime scenes meticulously free of clues in order to keep the police at bay, Griffin derives as much pleasure out of watching Joel react to every movement as watching his victims die. But when Griffin moves into Joel's inner circle, Joel must quickly find some way to stop him before someone close to him becomes the next one to die. In the dead of winter, Kat and Rose, two very different girls, find themselves spending winter break at their prestigious prep school. What they don't know is that Kat is being stalked by an evil entity, and their lives are about to change forever. Meanwhile, Joan, a young, troubled woman, makes her way across a frozen landscape towards the school. But why? A couple moves into a new house in the middle of sugarcane fields unaware that it is haunted by evil spirits. It's the day after Halloween. Jacopo and Duke wake up in the apartment of two girls: Lenka, the Czech Republic, and Elizabeth, English, both in Italy thanks to the Erasmus project. The dawn of that new day brings with it a big problem: Elizabeth died. But there's more, because none of the three remember what happened. Neither James nor Duke nor Lenka, remember what happened that night. Pia is a girl with a sixth sense. Her ability to see ghosts leads her to become the key to unlock 13 haunted secrets in Bangkok. She joins a paranormal TV show in hopes of finding out the truth behind her strange gift. The decision brings her to realised dark secrets of 13 locations, which are all connected to her in some ways. Could she find a way out of this mess, or even what's setting everything in motion? Is it a gift or determination that brings upon her strange talent? Is this just one big game being dealt by fate's hand? Folk rumor old saying: "mortal shoulders had a positive light, body care, sun lamps difficult ghost invasion midnight turned off the light and easy, destroying hard to find a positive light."  Jing Wen (Yin fruit child ornaments) Qiu Yue (GAVIN Qi ornaments) newlyweds, go mountain villa holiday childhood. Along the way, a strange incident occurred, twin girls, late at night to go gatekeepers, let Jing Wen Cry difficult to set. The second day, Wen Jing girlfriends and ex-boyfriend uninvited son brought his girlfriend to see the doorman of the parents. More frightening is that a mysterious girl in red mountains like a ghost spirit now old house, brought back the local spread of ghost baby Mary legend for many years. Isolated place in the mountains, ghost baby let everyone into the realm of a death. Supernatural signs are frequent, bloody incidents continue, everyone is waiting for a burial for many years once again staged a legendary ghost baby revenge ...... Four young college students who make interesting video broadcasts on YouTube are beginning to research on the internet to shoot videos on more interesting topics, realizing that they can not reach the result they want with their videos. During the research they encounter interesting stories in a village. They decided to make a video about interesting events in the villages and rent villas with the help of their teachers. Young people who want to take a few test pictures find themselves in horror-filled incidents. The tap water is contaminated in a city and the majority of the population meets affected, a group of survivors is going to the mountain to find security... When out on vacaion, history buff Erland finds remains of an ancient evil which he soon has to fight. A couple of friends on their way to a rock festival pick up two hitchhiking girls going to the same event, but their trip is ruined due to an unexpected car breakdown. Now, this group of travelers find themselves in the creepy and dilapidated shanty town of Sant Marti, and all hell is about to break loose. Michael, who is known to tell tall tales, believes he sees a young girl get kidnapped. On their day off from high school, Michael convinces his friends to hunt down this perpetrator, leading them on a journey they'll never forget. It's March in South Florida. The beach towns are flush with young people looking for action and excitement. For one unlucky group of thrill-seeking spring breakers, their adventure leads to the black waters of the Florida Everglades - a place with mosquitoes the size of birds, snakes as long as school buses and tens of thousands of flesh-ripping alligators. But beyond the scope of the traditional predators famous for keeping the glades wild is another phenomenon - one with two legs and an insatiable thirst for killing. Professor Phillip Goodman devotes his life to exposing phony psychics and fraudulent supernatural shenanigans. His skepticism soon gets put to the test when he receives news of three chilling and inexplicable cases -- disturbing visions in an abandoned asylum, a car accident deep in the woods and the spirit of an unborn child. Even scarier -- each of the macabre stories seems to have a sinister connection to the professor's own life. Maniac Tales tells the story of Juan, a Mexican illegal immigrant in New York, who is offered a job as a doorman in an old building of the city. It turns out that the screenwriter of "Maniac Tales", a very popular TV series, lives in the building but has disappeared with the script of the last chapter of the season, and a reward is offered to whoever can find that script. Juan decides to look for it, and when he gets into the screenwriter's apartment he finds out that the TV series hides creepy secrets which are related to the building. The boss orders to Bruce, Stefano and Luigi to bring an important and mysterious briefcase to Basile. Place of delivery? A DAMNED RIVER! Der Konig der Kannibalen (aka King of the Cannibals or Cannibal Messiah) is a slapstick, goofball splatter film written by Master W and co-directed by Master W and Crippler Criss (see also the segment entitled "The Secret of the Magic Mushrooms" in Troma's Mutantz, Nazis, and Zombies collection). It would appear that together these filmmakers go by the name of P.S.Y.C.H.O. Productions (you can't help but notice that half the cast is wearing that company's t-shirt). I wouldn't have thought that a low budget comedy about cannibals that runs close to 120 minutes would be something I'd enjoy, but it turns out I was very wrong.  In a construction site under the full moon, construction workers dig too deep and inadvertently wake up Joe (Alex Lam), a vampire that has been lying underground for a century. Dazzled by the vibrancy of a modern city at night, Joe wanders around and runs into Apple (J. Arie), a jilted girl planning to kill herself. Eager for a taste of blood, Joe follows her home and helps her and her grandmother get rid of thugs sent by a real estate developer who wish to buy them off. What started as a battle for property turns out to be a battle among vampires. When a series of young women are brutally killed, one of the spirit of those women seek to exact revenge on the killers as it work through the body of Sara, an unsuspecting newlywed.Sara's husband must navigate a terrifying sequence of murder, exorcism and revenge in a race to solve the murders and bring the killers to justice. Once the killers have been identified, Sara and her husband face the ultimate test -- to stave off her demonic possession before she kills again. An evil entity is set free just as a group of scavenger hunters is about to enter the area. November 1970. Several human remains appear in a torrent of Sant Miquel de Balansat, a small rural town in the north of Ibiza. Sergeant Prats, head of the Spanish Civil Guard in the area, and Corporal Ramirez, his new assistant, arrive at the place where the bodies have appeared. Prats is not particulary suprised with the discovery and reveals to newcomer Ramirez that the finding of human fragments is repeated year after year for two decades. Two Frederick Ashton ballets in one exquisite evening performance. Principals Natalia Osipova and Steven McRae dance Ashton's Rhapsody, created for The Royal Ballet in 1980 by Mikhail Baryshnikov and Lesley Collier, with spectacular choreography to suit the dancers' star reputations.  Lauren Cuthbertson and Vadim Muntagirov lead a charismatic cast in Ashton's poignant and heart-warming reflection on Love, The Two Pigeons, based on an old French folk tale and first performed on Valentine's Day 1961.  These two ballets by the Company's Founder Choreographer capture The Royal Ballet's famous skill and distinctive style. Barry Wordsworth conducts the Orchestra of the Royal Opera House in the rapturous Rachmaninoff and Messager scores. not provided yet Based on real events that occurred in Europe in 2010. There are over 25,000 demonic possessions reported each year - many of those claim to be possessed during sexual intercourse. After a steamy night captured on video, a couple watches their sex tape - but they discover something ancient and very evil on the tape, something that's watching them - following them - possessing them.  Ten years after the events of the original movie, Victor Crowley is mistakenly resurrected and proceeds to kill once more. When Emily Woodrow and her friends happen on a treasure chest full of gold coins, they fail to to heed the warnings of a wise old psychic who had foretold that they would encounter trouble with a very nasty and protective Leprechaun. A pair of brothers named Hasan and Husin return to their village only to receive news from Anam that Tok Wan Terbang, the village gravedigger, has passed away. The brothers later find out that the news is false and the one who passed away is Mak Betong, the village witch doctor who is believed to have kept a spiritual being. Epy is the one who witnessed Mak Betong`s death but because of Anam, everyone believes that Tok Wan Terbang has died. Chaos and confusion begin to strike when some villagers spot Tok Wan Terbang walking around in the village, looking as healthy as ever. Haider and his wife return to Mestika village to attend the prayers organised by Haider`s parents. Haider`s twin brother Raden is also home for the same reason. The brothers used to be close until Haider married Alisya, who is Raden`s ex-girlfriend. One night, Asiah puts a spell on Haider. Not realising that a mysterious entity is now attached to him, Haider`s behaviour starts to change and he suspects Raden and Alisya are having an affair. The Amityville legend lives on when a resident of a local boarding house dies under mysterious circumstances. Her two best friends, Brigitta and Bermuda, Bermuda's sister Sentinel, and the owner of the boarding house, Ms. Ernie, are absolutely devastated. This is not helped by the arrival of an eccentric and crude detective who never takes off his cowboy outfit, Hank Denton. Tensions run high as the girls begin to suspect their friend Margaret may still be alive; and as the detective's behavior becomes more out of control, the house itself may very well be turning on it's residents. Sometimes what happens at Spring Break doesn't stay at Spring Break... it follows you home. Villagers in Andhra write 'O Sthree Repu Raa' on their outside walls to prevent ghosts from visiting their home. Is this custom based in fact or myth? Lovers murdered by a moneylender come back as ghosts to make him answer for his crime. Meanwhile, an evil tantric has been waiting for them for years to take his revenge. A restaurant manager in New York City has made a deal with a demonic entity in order to bolster his business. What could possibly go wrong? For years, Blade has fought against the vampires in the cover of the night. But now, after falling into the crosshairs of the FBI, he is forced out into the daylight, where he is driven to join forces with a clan of human vampire hunters he never knew existed--The Nightstalkers. Together with Abigail and Hannibal, two deftly trained Nightstalkers, Blade follows a trail of blood to the ancient creature that is also hunting him--the original vampire, Dracula. The animated conclusion to the live action Todd and The Book Of Pure Evil Show. Todd tries to mend his friendship with Curtis after killing his girlfriend. The book has returned along with Hannah and there is talk of a new Pure Evil one.  Filmmaker Catherine Sweeney is determined to make her zombie horror romantic comedy. However in order to get the funding she need to put a talking dog in it... Todd, a haunted young man, runs from the past as he struggles to protect the innocence of Benny, his mute younger brother, in a post apocalyptic world where all the adults have turned into Zombies. A young couple and their friends are climbing a snowy mountain. Unexpectedly, the weather conditions turned hazardous. The boy (Ron) leaves his girlfriend (Stephy) to wait at the campsite and keeps climbing with the others. Seven days later, the rest of the climbers come back except for Ron. They tell Stephy that there was an avalanche on the first day, and her boyfriend did not make it back alive. Hopefully he will come in a form of spirit to find her at the campsite. In the midnight, Ron covered in blood appears in front of her. He reveals that during the first day, there was an avalanche, and everyone was killed except for him. Human or ghost? Who should Stephy believe? Soon after Thom starts operating as an illegal taxi driver in New York City, Claire hires him to drive her to California after her estranged father suffers a heart attack. Kira's skin starts to age rapidly, dry out and crumble away. But then she discovers that she can replace her own skin with somebody else's. Ustaz Adam has to help a friend whose village is corrupted by a group of misguided religionists lead by a sinister sorcerer. To make matter worse, Adam himself is also being mysteriously haunted by evil apparitions that keeps disturbing him from time to time. A fishing community on a remote Maine island finds itself suddenly cut off from the rest of the world after the ferry stops coming. When people start to vanish, the terrified survivors realize that someone - or something - is hunting them. Thrust into an all-new adventure, a down-on-his-luck Capt. Jack Sparrow feels the winds of ill-fortune blowing even more strongly when deadly ghost sailors led by his old nemesis, the evil Capt. Salazar, escape from the Devil's Triangle. Jack's only hope of survival lies in seeking out the legendary Trident of Poseidon, but to find it, he must forge an uneasy alliance with a brilliant and beautiful astronomer and a headstrong young man in the British navy.  Filmmaker Jonathan Caouette's documentary on growing up with his schizophrenic mother -- a mixture of snapshots, Super-8, answering machine messages, video diaries, early short films, and more -- culled from 19 years of his life. An average Joe is pitted against a crooked sheriff and unscrupulous land grabbers in this tale of small town corruption and revenge. Devathai, who is the daughter of the ex minister Chitravel comes across her first love Kaushik at her grandmother's death.She starts her love adventure to know more about Kaushik. Meanwhile her elder sister Nithya develops a relationship with her father's rival Paddi Alandhan's son Prakash. A special investigating officer Nagaraj is set to unravel the clues and discover the man behind the four mysterious murders which occurred in Chitravel's house. Hacked footage reveals mysterious events surrounding the abduction of four teenagers. When lesbian toker Marcy returns to her grandparents' home to help care for her mentally declining grandmother, she discovers they are being terrorized by a malevolent force from a Victorian postmortem photograph. The prison population of the United States is enormous with over two million individuals currently incarcerated nationwide. Nearly 80,000 of those are held in solitary confinement. They have no human contact and every element of their environment is controlled. Meals come through a slot in the solid steel door, as does all communication with prison staff. They might be allowed to shower once a week. They might not see the outdoors for months or years on end. They spend 22-24 hours a day in their cell with little to no human contact for days or even decades. The sensory deprivation they endure causes severe psychological damage. These people are invisible to us--and eventually to themselves. The UN has condemned solitary confinement. But it continues. (This is a virtual reality project featured as an installation for the first time. It is also a 2016 TFI New Media Fund grantee.) A psychiatrist tries to put her life back together after a violent attack by seeking to repair the life of a new patient, but he has his own terrifying history. When Sam returns home to the tidal island where he grew up to attend a funeral, he soon discovers that the seedy underbelly of this small community harbours more than just a few secrets. Mary is this German/Russian born foster girl, she suffers from asthma and has been adopted by a not-functional family, the father works all the time and the mom does prostitution for a living. So of course Mary is very bored and lonely at home in the house, but the adoptive parents always thinks she is this sweet and innocent looking little girls, which she is NOT. Five ambitious cousins set out on a family reunion during the dead of winter. The purpose of the retreat is to secure their inheritance, a fortune that dates back many generations. Upon their arrival, Uncle Melvin (Keith David) welcomes them with open arms, but warns them to respect their family traditions. During the weekend, as each of the cousins mysteriously disappear, they learn the truth about their family legacy, blood ancestry and the ultimate sacrifice they must make in exchange for their beloved inheritance. Kate and Martin escape from personal tragedy to an Island Retreat. Cut off from the outside world, their attempts to recover are shattered when a man is washed ashore, with news of airborne killer disease that is sweeping through Europe. An omnibus of tales of horror and adventure by the master of suspense Damon Packard Russel Brody, a one-time successful playwright, works diligently on a follow-up play that could land him back in the spotlight he so early craves. With a baby on the way, however, and a strained marriage, stress and frustration take center stage. When his wife accidentally stumbles down the stairs and dies from her injuries, Brody's mental state goes from bad to one of utter despair. In a bid to help his friend regain his sanity, Brody's co-writer David Stanley suggests he revisits Lucy, his former mistress. The ghost of Brody's dead wife awakens to the sordid details of his unfaithfulness, enraging her supernatural spirit to haunt him in every horrifying way imaginable. A man reads a comic book that includes four stories of extreme violence and erotica. The dead come alive as an ambulance driver and a nurse try to keep awake recounting road ghost stories on a Good Friday, the day of Christ's death. A woman's alter ego emerges after years of dormancy to exact revenge on her unsuspecting boyfriend and his mistress. Miriam, Derek, Ian, and Jenny are overachieving high school students doing everything by the book. Straight A's, sports, yearbook, band, and - when coursework allows - planning and executing elaborate murders.  A young husband and wife must fight to return home in a post-apocalyptic mid-western landscape ravaged by gangs. Basque Country, Spain, 1843. A police constable arrives at a small village in Alava to investigate a mysterious blacksmith who lives alone deep in the woods. As the Earth wrestles with its agonising birth, the peoples of this barren and desolate world struggle to survive. Driven by animal instinct they compete against the harsh conditions, their giant predators, and warring tribes. When two people from opposing clans fall in love, existing conventions are shattered forever as each tribe struggles for supremacy and Man embarks on his tortuous voyage of civilisation. At the very beginning of our journey we visit the gloomy estate Manderley from the well known Hitchcock classic REBECCA, before meeting the eccentric ADDAMS FAMILY in their dilapidated Viktorian Mansion. Subsequently, we get to know Ernest Menville, an undertaker, who shall help to renew the battered bodies of his immortal ex-wifes in DEATH BECOMES HER.  Our eerie tour then leads us to Disney's PHANTOM MANOR, the settlement of Cuesta Verde, in which a POLTERGEIST walks abroad, and the fabulous world of ALICE IN WONDERLAND. In the film set of PERFUME - THE STORY OF A MURDERER we will be bewitched by a perfect perfume and later on we find ourself in Paris, to reveal the enigmatic DA VINCI CODE. We then witness the curious transformation of BENJAMIN BUTTON, finally ending in the midst of THE OMEN, where the fallen angel casts a spell over us. In the second part of our concert we honor our these year's laureate for the MAX STEINER FILM MUSIC ACHIEVEMENT AWARD 2015, James Newton Howard. Lonnie, a crop duster pilot, must lead a mismatched group of survivors to escape the deadly zombie horde after an experimental chemical, intended to control the invasive kudzu vine, transforms the citizens of Charleston, MS into zombies. Can Schalcken save his love, Rose, from the clutches of a ghastly suitor before it is too late? "Michael Myers: Absolute Evil" is a fan film in the style of a documentary treating the "Halloween" films from 1978 - 2002 as events that actually occurred. Featuring interviews with survivors, Haddonfield residents, experts who have researched the Myers case, and investigators who have attempted to capture him as well as never before seen crime scene photos, "Michael Myers: Absolute Evil" is the first documentary to tell the story of the real life Boogeyman. The dancer Xiaodie Shang arranged a dance "butterfly" for her lover who left five years ago, the dance made a good score, and she was invited by foreign cultural fund to Budapest to casting choreography. Xiaodie thinks the most promising dancer is Lu Bai although she is the most self-abased dancer. Lu Bai told Xiaodie that, she wants to use the butterfly cemetery to find her missing sister. Xiaodie also found that the fund's successor Qiushui Zhuang is her five years ago lover. However with the dancer You Song poisoning, Qiao Tian falls, Lu Bai missing, herself was threatened, all the mysteries are pointing to the butterfly cemetery. A thief steals the mobile phone of an accident victim not realising that her ghost now resides in the device. An isolated village affected by a curse is facing misery and it has been condemned to an undeniable fate. The uncompromising commune chief who has ruled the village for years has denied the request of his people to migrate to other lands in search of better luck. He took away their only lifeline: Hope. But one night, the prayers of a spiritual leader are heard by a mighty tree in the forest. The following day, a young mysterious woman appears on a nearby river shore. To the surprise of the villagers, the chief decides to give her a seven-day trial to see if she could be useful to the community. From that day on, a series of strange events began to happen, leaving the villagers to wonder whether if this strange woman is their savior or their executioner. When his mom deposits him at the Red Hook housing project in Brooklyn to spend the summer with the grandfather he's never met, young Flik may as well have landed on Mars. Fresh from his cushy life in Atlanta, he's bored and friendless, and his strict grandfather, Enoch, a firebrand preacher, is bent on getting him to accept Jesus Christ as his personal savior. Only Chazz, the feisty girl from church, provides a diversion from the drudgery. As hot summer simmers and Sunday mornings brim with Enoch's operatic sermons, things turn anything but dull as people's conflicting agendas collide.  The followers of a charismatic cult leader set out to murder a pregnant actress. Two youth counselors bring a group of emotionally troubled teens deep into the woods for a weekend of solitude and confrontational therapy. The trip turns deadly when they are terrorized by a cannibalistic hermit with a thirst for blood.  Four young men who belong to a supernatural legacy are forced to battle a fifth power long thought to have died out. Another great force they must contend with is the jealousy and suspicion that threatens to tear them apart. Moderation, set in Egypt, Greece and Italy, revolves around a female horror director (Maya Lubinsky) and a screenwriter (Anna De Filippi), whose latest collaboration is haunted by encounters with its 'raw material' and the escalation of conflicting desires. Faced with the disintegration of their project, the director becomes more and more drawn into conversations with the actors she has cast (Aida El Kashef, Michele Valley and Giovanni Lombardo Radice), which reflect on the way horror traverses the affective and material realities of their lives on and off screen. As they approach the end of childhood, three elementary school kids must brave the woods on Halloween to face a monster born from their nightmares. Claire Parker is going to die. At the hands of a sadistic and depraved killer, she will endure a terrifying, unimaginable brutal death--and it will all happen again. After being beaten, dragged, sliced, and stabbed, Claire awakens at work--where it all began--untouched and unharmed. But the hellish ordeal is far from over. The madman is back and he's ready for more blood... An actress becomes obsessed with internet fame after her manager drops her for not having enough of a social media presence. Sequel to Dracula 2000. Father Uffizi [Jason Scott Lee] hunts vampires. He travels the world to behead them with his bullwhip, but his ultimate goal is to find the first vampire, Dracula (revealed as Judas Iscariot in Dracula 2000), absolve Dracula's sins against Jesus, set his soul free, and end his unholy existence. So, when Dracula's charred body turns up in the New Orleans morgue, Uffizi heads there. Medical students, Liz Blaine [Diane Neal] and Luke [Jason London] are charged with autopsying the body. When they open the abdominal cavity, they find that the liver and other organs are white, suggesting to Luke that the person did not produce his own blood but got it elsewhere, i.e., a vampire. Ellen Carter's career is on the rocks. She hasn't written a worthy novel since her husband went missing and she was suspected by the police of murdering him. To top it all off, she has reason to believe that her new tenant Leslie Steckler is the serial killer responsible for a number of deaths in the region. But what she doesn't know is that, in the meantime, Steckler has discovered a little secret about her... A young boy comes back from a field trip in the woods with something inside him. His mother must resort to supernatural means to save her son and herself. A man becomes haunted by his past and is presented with a mysterious legacy that causes him re-think his current situation in life. Connor Phillips has the perfect life until the brutal murder of his wife turns his world upside down. As he struggles to put his life back together, his nightmares continue to haunt him and a gnawing desire for retribution grows. Connor begins to understand why others believe in raw justice and finds himself agreeing that sometimes it may not only be right, but justified. As the line between right and wrong increasingly blurs, he finds himself entangled in a deadly game of vengeance. Until one fatal mistake forces him to face the truth. But is it too late? Sgt. Mike Kincaid of the French Foreign Legion learns, from a Riff prisoner, that an attack will soon be made by the villainous Hussin on the Legion's outpost of Tarfa. Kincaid volunteers to lead nine other Legionnaires on a mission to delay Hussin's attack till reinforcements arrive. When he discovers that Hussin plans to marry Mahla, a girl from a rival tribe, in order to build a coalition against the French, Kincaid kidnaps Mahla. Hussin forcefully takes her back, but by now his planned attack on Tarfa is crumbling and Mahla has begun to fall in love with Kincaid. After a tragic death, a family of three is forced to move to a desolated part of the country only to be haunted by mythical creatures. Stranded in the suburbs, student filmmaker Chloe begins to make a documentary about her family's troubled past. Whilst filming, she and best friend Ed, witness an hysterical girl appearing to escape from a neighbour's house, only to be quickly dragged back inside again. Is she a recovering drug addict like the neighbours say? Or is she really in danger from those who claim to be caring for her? Chloe and Ed begin to run surveillance, but as they dig deeper, they find themselves caught up in a world of strange beliefs, old religions, and dark witchcraft. Their search for the truth will climax in a live webcast that will terrify and make those watching question the very authenticity of what they are seeing. Webcast is inspired by a wealth of films from both the horror and thriller genres, including Rear Window, The Wicker Man, The Blair Witch Project, Rosemary's Baby, Paranormal Activity, and Race with the Devil. The teenagers of Disney's most infamous villains return to the Isle of the Lost to recruit a new batch of villainous offspring to join them at Auradon Prep. Martin's lucky hit when he wins the most lucrative prize in television history puts his life upside down. An ex New York cop is desperate to find his kidnapped daughter. Midnight Hair follows a young couple as they move to a mountain villa, where bizarre hauntings terrorize them day and night... While trying to find out the source of these paranormal activites, they discover that a dirty secret from their past is rapidly catching up to them. Rain in Tokyo area. Two girls holed up in their tiny apartment. They go out, steal cabbages, hit a supermarket and kill a cow. The sun comes out and changes everything. Alive with spirited spontaneity plus a dash of anarchy, The Rain Women is the true heir to Rivette's Celine and Julie Go Boating. Set in 1974, an authentic and uplifting tale of two friends whose horizons are opened up by the discovery of black American soul music. After getting an abortion, Traci Patterson begins to suspect that something sinister is following her and her friends. A young maid who cannot die is rented out by her master to paying customers to do whatever they want to her. Three Maasai men harvest honey in Kenya's Mau Forest in this carefully composed portrait of often-invisible labour. A girl and her friends find a game in the attic that summons a creature known as The Midnight Man, who uses their worst fears against them. Independent Italian horror Movie. Inspired by the classic Italian horror movies of the 70s and 80s. A professor, Emma goes to Voghera, a small town in Northern Italy. To study the story of the witch Shanda killed in the early 1800's, on the river bank from which it is named. The professor will be enslaved to a magic spell and will be forced to repeat the same day over and over. Every time she will be killed and every time she will start the day again. An undead zombie wizard known as "The Litch" is hell-bent on devouring his victims and possessing the weak when his sacred crystal is stolen by a small-time crook and his crew of big-breasted witches. The Litch uses its power to transform into slimy mutant creatures, spilling gallons of blood from his victims on his quest to retrieve the crystal in order to rule the four worlds. A young hustler takes advantage of the love of a gay man, and pays consequences for it in the form of a demonic possession. Packard Walsh and his motorized gang control and terrorize an Arizona desert town where they force drivers to drag-race so they can 'win' their vehicles. After Walsh beats the decent teenager Jamie Hankins to death after finding him with his girlfriend, a mysterious power creates Jake Kesey, an extremely cool motor-biker who has a car which is invincible. Jake befriends Jamie's girlfriend Keri Johnson, takes Jamie's sweet brother Bill under his wing and manages what Sheriff Loomis couldn't; eliminate Packard's criminal gang the hard way... Shivangi (Meera Chopra) lives in London with her husband Veer Singh. One day, he receives a gift from Rajasthan. From then, strange things happen with Veer and his condition deteriorates. A group of college friends reunite for a trip to the forest, but encounter a menacing presence in the woods that's stalking them. Rehaan and Shaina are newly married as Rehaan gets a job offer as a Venture Capitalist for the East European Finance Company they had actually fallen in love in Romania,Shaina insists Rehan to take up the job while Rehan is reluctant a she has a secret to hide in Romania,Shaina soon experiences paranormal activities but Rehan refuses to believe while on a business trip Rehan receives a frantic call from Shaina requesting for help as she is trapped in telephone booth in a rural area where she had gone to seek help on paranormal activities happening around her.Shaina and Rehaan take the help of a local Priest but he cant help them much,Aditya Shrivastava former lover of Shaina comes to rescue her from the evil spirit. A young woman's hunt for her missing sister ends at a rundown bed and breakfast in the Hollywood Hills run by an ill-tempered woman called Mommy. Disturbing messages left by former guests suggest unsettling secrets lay buried there. After a dangerous trip to Africa, investigative journalist, Alex Black, returns home to discover her friend has gone missing. Suspicious of coincidence and worried for her friend's safety, she sets out to find her, But what Alex discovers leads her deeper into the horrifying machinations of a Trans-humanist cult hell bent on destroying the world. Jennifer Conrad is a small-town girl starting over in the big city. Fleeing an abusive relationship, all she wants is a chance to begin again. But it is hard to start over when something is eating you while you sleep . . . one painful bite at a time. To bring back her dead friends, high school student Naomi (Rina Ikoma) goes back to the elementary school where a tragedy took place. She becomes involved in a new incident. Ken and Rob just moved into an old house with a dark past - the old owner turned into a zombie. Rob ignores the warning and read from a mysterious book that summons a demon from the forest. Ken is tormented by the demon and gradually turned into a zombie. At the same time lonely spinster Catherine is given a chance to resurrect her dead sister Ruth - unaware of Ruth's transformation into a murderous alien. Soon both Ken and Ruth are going on a rampage. Detective Sheridan has been waiting for a crime hard to solve ever since superhero Zebraman has been keeping the city safe. Sheridan is thrilled to have the city in chaos and crimes to solve. She brings her sidekick Detective Reeves with her - not knowing his alias is actually Zebraman. Contemporary Russia. A young couple finds a great deal on a used BMW. Unfortunately, it's haunted. After a near death experience, a man becomes a born again Christian; when he wants to sell a memoir based on his rebirth, an ex girlfriend threatens to expose a damning secret; he must decide to take action, or just pray she doesn't tell. An anthology of 26 fan entries submitted for inclusion in ABCs of Death 2, each offering various takes on the letter "M" The book written by a good gin from the Qur'an once centuries ago comes to protectors every hundred years. These protectors are called Guardians. In 1365, Demirci goes to the city of Bukhari in Egypt again to solve a case of a genie.  Sargad is about a young woman, Elina, that drives to a cabin with her mom and younger sister to spread her dad's ashes. They encounter three brothers that will make their weekend a living hell. Lila, a grief-stricken mother reeling from her son's murder, attends a support group where she meets Eve, who urges her to take matters into her own hands to track down her son's killers. A photojournalist suffering from PTSD returns home from Iraq and finds himself struggling to keep his sanity and family intact. A former priest, now an exorcist, battles the satanic forces that are threatening the students at a girls school. The story of the life of a hard-working woman in an advertising agency who drinks coffee continuously. An abused wife leaves her alcoholic husband and moves with her children to another town. There their lives become entwined with another family in trouble. 2021 - 5 years after the outbreak of a mysterious virus that turned humans into bloodthirsty, undead beasts much of the world's population has been decimated. When governments were unable to keep the disease at bay, the Contagion Special Unit was formed with the toughest soldiers and best specialists to fight the infected. Because of the rapidly decreasing number of soldiers, a popular online video game Dead Trigger that mirrors the terrifying events was created. The best efforts of the gamers are monitored by the CSU who recruit the highest rated zombie killers. The young recruits are called "Dead Triggers". The movie follows a group of young recruits who must travel to the origin of the outbreak to find a missing team of scientists who were searching for a cure. A dark secret is unearthed by a local farmer. Local Paleontologists reveal its the remains of a prehistoric monster Crocodylus. It's trible seal has been broken unleashing terror upon the local towns people. As a rookie detective struggling to find acceptance in a police department defined by a culture of bullying and intolerance, things go from bad to worse when the chief suspect in a series of brutal ritualistic murders takes a personal interest in her. A game of cat and mouse ensues which sees Rebecca's grasp on reality beginning to spiral out of control, leading to a terrifying climax where she needs to fight for her sanity, her life and maybe even her soul. Serena Brooks, an ambitious young actress, signs on as the star of a horror film with a crew of backwoods filmmakers that have worked together for years. When the cast starts disappearing, Serena has to become her character if she wants to survive. Zombies of the Living Dead (2015) "FRAZIER PARK RECUT" follows first-time filmmakers (Tyler and Sam) as they document the behind-the-scenes trials and tribulations of producing an independent found-footage horror film. After writing a script, collecting production gear, and securing a "cabin in the woods" location, Tyler and Sam hit gold when they cast the perfect actor, Tom Morris, to play the psychopathic antagonist of their film. With everything falling into place, the trio travels to the small, isolated town of Frazier Park, California to make their dream a reality. Ambitious, cunning, and narcissistic, Agnes is a serial killer, hiding in plain sight within a rural town while defining her own systems of sport and romance. A triptych set in three different time periods about fathers who find themselves in borderline situations in which one is forced to make a decision among several contradictory choices. Three short tales of terror that revolve around helpless souls tangled in the dark side of human nature. From mental illness and urban legends, to brainwashed neighbors, and the Devil himself. This is "3 Flies in a Widow's Web" Trick is among five hostages trapped together, paralyzed from the neck down. While an FBI agent and former detective race against the clock to find their location, the group tries to figure a way out before their promised execution. Sweeney Todd, a barber, and Maggie Lovett, a baker, join forces to commit a series of brutal, gory murders in London with a little help from Tobias Ragg, an employee of Maggie' bakery who abducts a number of customers from the barber shop and kills them and helps the couple make "meat pies" out of the dead victims for sale. En route to the world's largest social media convention in Australia, Logan Paul is scared to death; today is his first time flying. All of his worst nightmares come true when the passengers refuse to switch their phones to airplane mode, causing the plane's controls to go haywire and electrocuting the pilots. A series of graphic murders have been happening on the set of photo shoots. A recently divorced young man discovers a mint condition Blade doll in his deceased brother's closet and plans to sell the toy at a convention in Oregon celebrating the 30th anniversary of the infamous Toulon Murders. All hell breaks loose during the auction when a strange force animates all of the puppets throughout the convention, setting them on a bloody killing spree.  Julia, an online vlogger from Germany, comes to the US to visit her cousin Hannah. Upon her arrival, Julia falls fatefully ill, prompting Hannah's suspicion of the strange and sudden illness. When unusual happenings start taking place in her home, Hannah begins a relentless internet search to discover the cause. She comes across Julia's vlog entries and finds herself immersed deep in the web - too deep - in a place where terror knows no end. A girl who lives in a secluded house with her father and her dog finds a mysterious black cube in the woods with the ability to change the past. On a deserted back road in the middle of nowhere, Blake and Reagan are setting off to start a new life in the big city.  Constant fighting and car problems are just the beginning of their trouble, as they will soon discover that they are not alone on this road.  Two sisters, a duo of criminals and something much worse wait for them.  Their situation quickly turns from a move to trying to survive the horrors of THE HARVESTMAN.  Shot on location in Hays, Alberta with a budget that gives a whole new meaning to no-budget filmmaking.  The Harvestman was created by a group of people who share a love of movies.  With the help and support of a dedicated group of volunteers they crafted a homage to the grindhouse films of the 60s and 70s. Terrified after having witnessed the cold-blooded murder of her boss and her cousin by vicious gangsters, an exotic dancer from Russia flees to England and assumes the identity of her dead relative only to discover that no matter how far you run, you can never escape your past. Arriving in England, the frightened dancer takes the name Natasha and enters into a passionate relationship with local vicar's daughter Christine. Later, after a stealthy photographer posts snaps some steamy shots of Natasha and Christine making love and posts them on the internet, the vengeful gangsters stumble across the website and dispatch some ruthless hired guns to rub the Russian dancer out. Now Natasha's time is quickly running out, and the only person willing to help her fight back against the ruthless Russian mob is a fierce-but-sexy Russian policewoman who isn't afraid to fight back against one of the most dangerous criminal organizations on the planet. In a small town in Massachusetts, four high school girls perform a ritual in an attempt to debunk the lore of Slender Man. When one of the girls goes mysteriously missing, they begin to suspect that she is, in fact, his latest victim. Alexandra Pelosi looks at money in politics and interviews wealthy donors to Republican and Democratic parties to ask them about their contributions and philosophies. Also: a look at efforts to enact campaign-finance reform.  Tiffany is hunting for answers after her sister died during an encounter with the mysterious woman in white. When she crosses paths with Adelaide, a young woman whose family seems to be targets of the same entity, she tries to keep the deadly history from repeating itself. After a bizarre and near fatal encounter with a serial killer, a newswoman is sent to a rehabilitation center whose inhabitants may not be what they seem. Two police detectives, a con-man, an escort along with a social worker a congressman, 4 on the run bank robbers and a professional assassin must survive the night and each other. They are all trapped in a warehouse with a deranged serial killer and as the evening continues they each discover that they are all connected. A group of teenagers film a live documentary on the Sickhouse legend to millions around the world. Stealth launched on Snapchat and experienced by millions, Sickhouse is a "made for mobile" horror thriller. It is a story of five young filmmakers who suddenly disappear while shooting in the woods near Drigh Lake Larakana in January 2014. A week later their camera was found containing details about what happened to them. This film is made based on the real stories that took place at an abadoned house in Johor called Villa Nabila. Director Syafiq Yusof chooses to present the film in a documentary style. The film starts off with a disappearance of a teenager at the house. Syafiq interviews a few individuals who claim to have experience the supernatural at the house and turns the interview into a film. A unique, intimate and honest portrayal of a girl grieving for the loss of her best friend. That just happens to take place on the day the world ends as we know it. A year after an accident sidelines her skating career, Eva accepts an invitation to a mysterious competition in a remote town. Some terrifying events unfold in the arena, forcing Eva and her team to confront a horrifying reality. English remake of the Korean film. A sexually repressed woman embraces her dark side, experiencing her wildest fantasy. Welcome to Monsterland! A terrifying place where savage beasts, carnivorous creatures, and grotesque abominations are the new normal; and the human race is now at the bottom of the food chain. The spirit of a dead Chinese railway worker seeking revenge possesses the body of a lethal assassin! Damon Richter thought he left the world of possessions, exorcisms, and evil behind until an old friend arrives with frightening information about his estranged daughter knowing that only his otherworldly skills can save her. A couple's relationship is tested when uninvited guests arrive at their home, disrupting their tranquil existence. Sequel to Bloodsucka Jones  Directed by J. Stuart Blackton. In pursuit of buried treasure, a group of fortune hunters unearth an ancient demonic summoning stone that holds a terrible curse and awakens a timeless evil, the Krampus. After centuries of slumber, Krampus has awoken with a thirst for blood. Whilst trying to reignite their relationship at a remote cottage, Dave and Abi are stalked by a terrifying secret. Another day at the work... of robots. Batman raises the stakes in his war on crime. With the help of Lt. Jim Gordon and District Attorney Harvey Dent, Batman sets out to dismantle the remaining criminal organizations that plague the streets. The partnership proves to be effective, but they soon find themselves prey to a reign of chaos unleashed by a rising criminal mastermind known to the terrified citizens of Gotham as the Joker. Barty Anderson is paralyzed... but he still must find the Yeti. With help from his brother Cash Anderson, he has to get back on his feet-- literally. VHS Collecting, SOV filmmaking and all things VHS. A caring mother loses her sanity, setting off a chain of events resulting in tragedy and murder. The story of Casey Pollack unfolds from two very different perspectives when one night in the woods culminates in absolute terror. A hiker's survival skills is put to the test when he stumbles upon the remains of an old abandoned camp and discovers its long dark secrets. A group of teenagers go for a partying weekend in the woods, but unknown to them the woods is home to a legend. The legend of a young girl who was bullied and then committed suicide...... A young man moves to a new town after experiencing a tragedy and becomes involved with a gang of Satan-worshipping teens who believe they have supernatural powers. But by the time he realises he's in too deep, it may be too late to escape. A blood-curdling motion picture about witchcraft, Satan's disciples, witches and warlocks to steal a beautiful maiden's soul. When allied troops liberate a small battle-scarred Belgium town in 1944 the American and British commanders do all they can to help the war-weary people back on their feet. There are mental and physical wounds to heal, fields to plough, the church to rebuild. But a top Nazi, knowing the War is lost, has infiltrated the town and is fostering dissent and disunity. When one of their own loses his wife and daughter at the hands of a serial killer, a team of ghost hunters is determined to capture the spirits of the loved ones so their spirits can finally rest in peace. But as the team goes deeper into the house, the ghosts become more hostile, and the group discovers the true secrets of the house and its murderer. Parapsychologist Elise Rainier and her team travel to Five Keys, NM, to investigate a man's claim of a haunting. Terror soon strikes when Rainier realizes that the house he lives in was her family's old home. Four friends decide to spend a weekend in a Malibu mansion owned by an old lady. The situation is flipped upside down once they come across an ancient haunted tarot deck that will change the fate of their lives. The film's story revolves around an Indian Girl "Kashika" who stays in a Hotel, where she meets her Sister, who was never Born. Frames of Fear is a 2016 American anthology horror film directed by Hayden Hall (Segment Video Decay), Tony Masiello (Segment Morty and Chesters Grim Return), Richard Mogg (Segment Format of the Dead), Tony Newton (Segment Night Demon), Joe Sherlock (Segment Housewarming). Five friends go into the woods, and awaken an ancient curse. When a cop who is just out of rehab takes the graveyard shift in a city hospital morgue, she faces a series of bizarre, violent events caused by an evil entity in one of the corpses. George Banks is an ordinary, middle-class man whose 21 year-old daughter Annie has decided to marry a man from an upper-class family, but George can't think of what life would be like without his daughter. He becomes slightly insane, but his wife tries to make him happy for Annie, but when the wedding takes place at their home and a foreign wedding planner takes over the ceremony. In the throes of a zombie apocalypse, A troubled woman from Las Vegas with a dark past, finds herself stranded in the desert with a lone and ravenous zombie on her tail. California, Mojave Desert, 1998. A strange glow appears in the sky. Sam, a forty-something door-to-door salesman, travels through the few inhabited zones of the Californian desert in search of clients. When two men go on a road trip and stay at a room known for wild parties, they encounter two beautiful women and find everything is not what it seems. Every attempt to leave seems stalled and they find the day may never end. Midnight, New Year's Eve: when all the hopes of new beginnings come to life - except for Lindsey and Jeff Pittman, whose strained marriage faces the ultimate test after they cover up a terrible crime and find themselves entangled in a Hitchcockian web of deceit and madness. Held hostage in an isolated house, three kidnapped women attempt to escape from their sadistic captors. When ambitious young real estate agent Leigh is asked to sell a house with a checkered past, she crosses paths with a disturbed girl whom she learns is the runaway daughter of the couple selling the property. When Leigh tries to intervene and help her, she becomes entangled with a supernatural force that soon pulls Leigh's artist sister Vera into its web - and has sinister plans for both of them. The 100-year history of a troubled American family. Tara and Maya are two inseparable friends in India. Their tastes, habits, and hobbies are the same. Years later, the two have matured, but have maintained their friendship. Tara gets married to the local prince, Raj Singh, who soon succeeds the throne as the sole heir. After the marriage, Raj gets bored of Tara and starts seeking another female to satisfy his sexual needs. He notices Maya and is instantly attracted to her. He has her included as one of his courtesans, and is intimate with her. Watch what happens when Tara finds out and the extent she will go to keep her marriage intact. After a zombie becomes involved with the girlfriend of one of his victims, their romance sets in motion a sequence of events that might transform the entire lifeless world. Some years ago, the world experienced a "day of reckoning" when creatures came up from below and purged humanity of evil. Now, it is happening again. An indigo student who can see something bad is going to happen who come through a dream with her plan and friends for hiking a mountain but no one believe her. A mob enforcer is set up to take the fall for a multi-million dollar heist involving a rival gang boss. Merle (Eric Roberts) is a gambler stuck on a twenty-year losing streak, but his luck is about to change. Surviving a trap that was intended to kill him, Merle makes away with a beautiful woman and a piece of the take. Most men in that position would have been content to simply walk away with their lives, but Merle has been loyal for twenty years. Realizing he's been betrayed, something inside snaps. They used to call him "The Butcher" as a joke, but the laughter turns to screams when Merle returns to deliver the ultimate punchline. Ten movie reviewers are invited to a party by the host of a website devoted to horror films. The party is in full swing when the power - and the lights - abruptly go out. A mysterious, black-hooded figure has cut the main wiring. The party's over. The terrified group try to evacuate the building, only to find that they are trapped. Can they hide from the demented killer? Or are they all destined to become targets of the DEAD HUNT? This two-disc special edition DVD set contains the movie, a "Behind the Scenes" featurette, deleted scenes, two alternate endings, Bloopers, a stills gallery, and the audio commentary with co-directors Joe Ripple and Don Dohler. Sadly, this was Don Dohler's last film, as he passed away from lung and brain cancer in December, 2006. In the cemetery of Sidi Boulekbour, Ali the old gravedigger meets the 60-year-old Johar, who is visiting her sister's grave for the first time after losing her husband. Johar wants her final resting place to be next to her sister, so she decides to organize her own funeral and asks Ali to help her. But preparations for the final journey go awry when Ali and Johar unexpectedly start to realize they have feelings for each other. Six strangers find themselves in circumstances beyond their control, and must use their wits to survive. After losing his parents, he gives this house to the rent to avoid staying in the house of the Alev family, who is living a great destruction. But there is a lot that he does not know about the new couple who rents the house. And these mysteries will turn the Alev into a very difficult situation. Based on True Events: An Asian American Hacker investigates a website that creates torture videos. He becomes the unwilling sidekick for the sinister mastermind behind it, who changes his life in horrible ways. Cynthia is a horror film about the 'perfect' couple and their desperate obsession to have a child which descends into a terrifying dark comedy. An eight part anthology centered on unethical behavior in a hyper-contemporary society. The film celebrates the survival of the human spirit against overwhelming odds and highlights the need for underprivileged children's education. Its a film based on former indian president A.P.J. Abdul Kalam and is aimed at inspiring the poor to educate their children. Written by DaGambit Chhotu's peasant village is ruined by drought, so his ma drops the boy with uncle Bhati, who runs a tea stand at the city outskirts. Clever Chottu, who calls himself Kalam after the self-made Indian president, soon outsmarts uncle's adult assistant and makes friends with the loneliest boy in the palace, now a hotel, a prince his age. After putting their bodies on the line for countless years, a family of professional wrestlers seek a brand new way to satisfy an impeccable bloodlust. It is a two dimensional story, one trying to unveil an age old unknown mystery, and another experiencing the existence of the unknown. Do these stories meet? What happens to the fate of those involved with the unknown ? Five years have passed since Japan's Great Zombie Panic. The confusion of those days is gone and people have finally regained their ordinary, peaceful lives. One day, out of nowhere, a zombie appears and becomes trapped in a house. Six people have spotted the zombie, including the home-owner couple, a cheeky high school boy, a boring small-factory owner, a suspicious young intern and a woman who insists she is the zombie's wife. Thailand House cinemas attract a lot of tourists, a group of different identities of visitors after a tour of this ghost movie theater floor have suffered a supernatural event, and one after another mysterious death, which led to a very appalled by the Thai horror trip Virginia will do the impossible in order to rescue her little daughter who has been abducted. After a terrible accident, she has the chance to live one day more to save her. On her path, she will find out that there are worst thing than death. After being arrested, a Texas man begins confessing to the brutal murder of over 200 women. He recounts his random selection of victims and his traveling companions, his friend and friend's sister. But the police can't be sure whether to believe him or not until he locates a body and shows them some polaroids. Based on the true story of Henry Lee Lucas. The Moreau Family travel around the UK putting on an underground variety show for an adult audience. But behind the curtain there is something more sinister going on than simple entertainment. In the dawn of the Meiji period, the Gokumonjou, an inescapable prison, has been established in the middle of an enormous lake to counter the soaring crime rates the new era has brought. Serving as the ferrymen are the famous Kumou brothers: the eccentric family head, Tenka; the reckless but noble second son, Soramaru; and the guileless youngest, Chuutarou. In spite of their grim work, the three lead relatively peaceful lives in the ever-cloudy town of Oumi, together with their housekeeper, Shirasu Kinjou. But buried in the long history of Oumi is the legend of the terrifying "Orochi," a serpentine beast that awakens every three hundred years in a human vessel. Unbeknownst to Soramaru and Chuutarou, the actual job of the Kumou family is to seal the Orochi away before it fully revives--or the world will be plunged into destruction. Amid the monster's next resurrection, the Kumou family must find the resolve to keep laughing under the clouds. An urban legend in Western Visayas about a captain with a hair-raising secret.  Angel is one of those typical macho's who does not hold women in high regard. With his fancy talk, his tight suit and his fashionable job as a director of publicity spots, he has ample opportunity to grab as many young aspiring actresses by the pussy as he can. His wife and kid are left to deal with the consequences. This is now drastically coming to an end. One night, when there's once again not enough blood flowing through his brains and too much through his nether regions, he walks into a trap set up by a circle of Celtic Goddesses. They transform him into a zombie and make him a pawn in their plan to end male dominance one and for all. Luckily Angel's not alone. He's part of a brotherhood of undead macho's. They do not only exchange tips in how to mask their increasingly penetrating body odor, they also come up with a plan to sabotage the Goddesses. A little cat must take his sick father's place as night watchman, but is bullied by a tough mouse and his gang, leaving the rest of the mice free to eat all the food and stage a musical floor show. Summer is usually a time for fun and games, but some teens get much more danger than they bargained for after beginning to suspect their neighbor is a serial murderer. A Team searching for antiquities and old stuff in an ancient ship facing exciting and frightening situations. Porky runs a game refuge. Despite the abundant signs to the contrary, Jean-Baptiste the trapper sets numerous traps. Porky rescues the animals from the traps. Jean-Baptiste tracks him down and beats him up. The animals come to Porky's rescue. Lima, Peru. An investigation into the mysterious disappearance of a young man in the supposedly haunted Matusita House reveals its darkest secrets to those who dare to open its doors.  When 30 something Sean meets Eastern European immigrant Wolf, sparks fly.  They return to Sean's apartment and begin a high energy and hugely sexual affair.  What starts as a mere chance meeting slowly evolves into something more. Wolf is easy going, turning tricks to supplement his living, while Sean is needy, talkative and neurotic. Creating a stable relationship is fraught with problems. With Wolf disappearing for hours at a time and Sean doing drugs the two of them seem to be headed down a path of destruction. A look at the history of unknown creatures on the British Isles A pack of friends in Denver's gay bear community go for the camping trip of a life time filled with fun, laughs and a hot encounter. It all seems innocent enough until a rampaging sociopath joins them ensuring a trip they'll never forget. This is the story between single mother housekeeper and mathematics professor,who has a brain damage. An evil creature attacks a small mining town. A college student and a cranky outcast must uncover the mystery of the creature's past to put an end to the bloodshed. World War II soldier-turned-U.S. Marshal Teddy Daniels investigates the disappearance of a patient from a hospital for the criminally insane, but his efforts are compromised by his troubling visions and also by a mysterious doctor. Short by Roman Polanski shot for Prada. Businessman Ravuthar, who owns a haunted bungalow, tries several ways to exorcise the ghosts in the bungalow. With Ravuthar's permission, a young man named Anand sets his mind on defeating the invisible power in the bungalow. A young actress rehearsing for a play about human trafficking begins to relive terrifying scenes that may be dreams -- or an alternate reality.  Five film students are producing a documentary about the local zoo when suddenly the animals go berserk: The reason is a light ball flying by in the sky and crashing at the horizon. Convinced that they've just witnessed a meteor landing the students follow the trajectory to document the event with their camera. In a forest area they discover a burned crater. Since it's too dark to film they decide to spend the night in their van. The next morning one of them is missing. The remaining students find first a trail of blood and then the torn up pieces of what used to be their friend. Soon they realize that something is hunting them - something that's not from this world. After a group of college friends get together for a murder mystery weekend, the fun and games take a turn for the worse when some of them end up disappearing. Two best friends start a ghost hunting company as a scam to make quick cash when their plans to road trip to California are foiled by an expensive engine repair. A glass in free fall. Have you ever thought if it is possible to calculate into how many pieces it can break into? After numerous experiments, a team of researchers succeeds in doing just this apparently impossible task. Attracted to their experiment, a mysterious professor invites the scientists in his isolated mansion to know more about their studies. However, when they arrive, they are not greeted by their host but they are faced with a strange model of the mansion, in which some absolutely normal but incredible actions are acted. The researchers will soon understand to be involved in a new experiment in which they'll have to play a very different role than usual: that of the glass in free fall. We follow Jake and his two best friends, Kyle and Jarred through a world distorted by sex and porn. The leader is Kyle - he talks about girls non-stop, Jarred can't stop cheating on his girlfriend and then there's Jake, a quiet and shy teenager whose friends are determined to help him lose his virginity to Zara, the pretty girl on the 19th floor of their estate. All three are trying to find their way in a complex world. They all have their demons, but Jake's secret is one that he must keep to himself. Horror film. A group of history students are promised a reward if they can find the ancient tools of legendary blacksmith, 'One-Eyed Yardley', who murdered the townspeople of a remote rustic village in the 1800s. Legend says his ghost still stalks these haunted grounds... The thriller La Noche Del Jabali, the first feature film from writer and director Ramiro Tenorio, tells the story of Claudia Moratti, a romantic writer that travels to the ends of South America looking for the house of her recently deceased boyfriend. As she enters this southern world she finds herself involved in the investigation of a local policeman that points to her boyfriend, a horror writer himself, as the responsible of seven cases of disappeared women in the area. The violent history of the town and the dark memories of the military dictatorship come to surface as the characters involved reveal their true intentions. A surreal sci-fi romance wherein a beautiful young woman and strange metaphysical forces threaten the reality of a reclusive video arcade technician, resulting in bizarre biomechanical mutations and a shocking self-realization. GOOD TAKE is an omnibus of five short stories with 85 minutes duration, filled with suspense, surprise etc. The ending of each story is never what it seems.... Shizukune is an exorcist in training. She travels with her teacher Miyo. Rock band members Jo, Mika and Aki sneak in an abandoned school because of a bet. Shizukune arrives at the school to expel the evil there. She comes face to face with a dark spirit. This pioneering documentary film depicts the lives of the indigenous Inuit people of Canada's northern Quebec region. Although the production contains some fictional elements, it vividly shows how its resourceful subjects survive in such a harsh climate, revealing how they construct their igloo homes and find food by hunting and fishing. The film also captures the beautiful, if unforgiving, frozen landscape of the Great White North, far removed from conventional civilization. Industrial Animals is a very small film in almost every measurable metric. Weighing in at roughly 61 minutes, this low budget, found footage film from the UK features a cast of just three people who also cover many of the behind the scenes credits as well. In fact, the entire story takes place over a three-day span, mostly in one simple setting. But while all of the factors add up to a "small" film, when all is said and done, Industrial Animals ends up packing a fairly strong and somewhat unexpected punch. After being found by extraterrestrial beings, a survivor of a mysterious incident that decimated part of the human race tries to make sense of the events that led Earth to its tragic fate. Composed entirely of public domain found footage material, the film is an adaptation of the science fiction short story "The Carnivore", by Katherine MacLean. Outrageous and out of control! The fearless star of MTV's "Jackass," Steve-O, unleashes his craziest footage in this collection of the stunts that gave network attorneys ulcers. Rat kebobs! Windshield skateboarding! Pit licks! Living firecrackers! Featuring all-new insanity, these outrageous exploits by Steve-O and his band of lunatic helpers have never seen the light of day until now! When her husband John has a heart attack while out in a rowboat on the lake, Louise Haloran throws his body overboard and later tells the family that he has left on an urgent business trip. Her main concern is that she can only inherit a part of the family fortune if her husband is alive. The Halorans are a strange family, still grieving over the death of the youngest daughter Kathleen who drowned in a pond when she was just a child. They hold an annual ceremony of remembrance every year on the anniversary of her death. This year however, someone is wielding an ax intent on murder. Filmed at Sheperd's Bush Empire, the soulful singer from Camden and her band perform songs from both her debut album "Frank" and the international breakthrough "Back to Black". Over the sixty minute running time Winehouse also covers classics such as Zuton's "Valerie" and "Monkey Man" by the Maytals. Also included is 'I Told You I Was Trouble', a 50 minute documentary charting Amy's rapid rise to fame.  1. Intro / Addicted * 2. Just Friends * 3. Cherry * 4. Back To Black * 5. Wake Up Alone * 6. Tears Dry On Their Own * 7. He Can Only Hold Her / Doo Wop (That Thing) * 8. Fuck Me Pumps * 9. Some Unholy War * 10. Love Is A Losing Game * 11. Valerie * 12. Hey Little Rich Girl feat. Zalon &amp; Ade * 13. Rehab * 14. You Know I'm No Good * 15. Me &amp; Mr Jones * 16. Monkey Man * 17. Outro * 18. Tears Dry On Their (Black &amp; White) * 19. He Can Only Hold Her / Doo Wop (That Thing)(Black &amp; White) * 20. Some Unholy War (Black &amp; White) Twenty-three years after her hooker mother tried to kill her in the womb Helen remains damaged psychological goods. A mindset that gets worse when she suffers a traumatic head injury in an accident. Awakening in hospital, it's discovered Helen has a tumour growth in her brain causing her to experience dark visions, disembodied voices and the omnipresence of a strange young woman. Soon, lost in a walking nightmare, in which nothing is what it seems, and her vicious actions barely remembered, it becomes crystal clear that whatever is inside her cracked psyche will stop at nothing to get out. Five archetypal teens serving detention find themselves in a life or death situation. Psychological thriller of a young woman fleeing a murderer. This movie supposedly took five years to complete, was yanked from theaters after less than a week and, to some, is considered the worst Israeli movie ever made. It also became the focal point of Avida Livny's 2011 documentary Looking for Moshe Guez. The oldest pyramid in the world is found in Indonesia. A journalist must team up with an archaeologist and a shaman to uncover the mystery of the pyramid. When they found out that this ancient pyramid is a prison for a malevolent ancient demon, they must stop the demon from breaking out or it's the end of the world, as we know it. A young couple begins to film the strange activities occurring in their house nightly, and find that there's something lurking in the darkness. When a young nun at a cloistered abbey in Romania takes her own life, a priest with a haunted past and a novitiate on the threshold of her final vows are sent by the Vatican to investigate. Together they uncover the order's unholy secret. Risking not only their lives but their faith and their very souls, they confront a malevolent force in the form of the same demonic nun that first terrorized audiences in "The Conjuring 2" as the abbey becomes a horrific battleground between the living and the damned. A couple moves into a palatial house. Supernatural occurrences follow, which lead to the couple unearthing a story of the house's previous inhabitants, which is a tale about a family comprising a little girl called Naani, whose spirit guards the house. 'What would you be willing to do for them to love you? ' Morgan, a troubled, drug-addled teen, must deal with her crazy grandma and a psycho caller when her father leaves her home alone. As the calls keep coming in, a paranoid Morgan is forced to face some of her worst fears and inner demons when she believes everyone she knows is either plotting against her - or trying to kill her. After serving a jail sentence, a former leading yakuza (Takaaki Ishibashi) has gone straight. He has married and is now holding a regular job. However, he is continually harrassed by a police inspector who cannot forgive his past. Meanwhile a major gang war erupts. With his former gang in danger of being exterminated, will his loyalties draw him back in? Marian is a factory worker determined to leave the assembly line behind and move up in the world. After his young son dies from the negligence at a hospital, Harry Fertig takes matters into his own hands and kills the doctors responsible. Slick lawyer Roy Bleakie, looking only to win a case and not caring of the matters involved, is assigned Fertig's case. Shocked to hear that his client wants to plead guilty, the case causes Bleakie to question his own morals by defending an honorable man. The story of the Turkish horror film "Ammar 2 revolves around a cursed  video that leaks with one of the girls to turn her life into hell and terror by a satanic force and a captive spirit. In the British countryside, the Harver family head out on an idyllic summer camping trip where they can bury past tensions and enjoy some family bonding. But when their camp is sabotaged by an unseen intruder in the night, they head to the nearby creepy old farm desperate for help, where vengeful farmer Hunt Hansen and his hideously deformed son aren't farming animals... Caged and waiting for their limbs to be severed, cooked and eaten one at a time, the Harver family must overcome their differences and unite in order to escape alive! A juvenile is mad at his mom so he leaves his home in San Francisco to join a charismatic LSD guru's cult in Spain and turns on, tunes in, and drops out. He also gets involved in murder. Microbes are brought back to earth via a space probe from Venus. A scientist is using them in experiments on aging, but dies before the work is finished. His assistant approaches an aging actress who is being passed by for the lead roles, and she injects the serum hoping to become young again. When the actress is still passed up for the plum roles, the alien bacterium transforms her into a hideous bug-like alien resulting in a predictable attrition problem amongst her detractors. A Psychological Thriller. Estranged sisters reunite. In Glorious Black and White.   Blood runs rampant on Halloween night when a small towns' Fright Fest becomes real inside the walls of a long abandoned asylum. An anthology of horror stories based on global conspiracy theories. Maniacal presents the story of Gilbert Gill, a confused young man who is alienated from his family and society. Like the Columbine killers and other sociopaths, Gilbert goes on a bloody killing spree, targeting local youths. He is finally hunted down by the local sheriff and his own father, in one of the most terrifying stand-offs I've seen in years... On a golden afternoon, young Alice follows a White Rabbit, who disappears down a nearby rabbit hole. Quickly following him, she tumbles into the burrow - and enters the merry, topsy-turvy world of Wonderland! Memorable songs and whimsical escapades highlight Alice's journey, which culminates in a madcap encounter with the Queen of Hearts - and her army of playing cards! After an assault leaves Amanda pregnant and out of a job, she finds herself on the verge of motherhood and the target of a psychotic stalker who will stop at nothing to get their hands on the unborn child. We meet Doctor Lloyd Clayton at the funeral of his twin brother, evil magician Elwyn. Zolarr, Elwyn's hunchbacked servant, acccuses Lloyd of Elwyn's murder, but Lloyd claims it was self-defense. Lloyd's niece Gayle and her fiance Harper soon find that Elwyn's evil influence is still at work. A timid and socially alienated 17-year-old high school student's life is turned upside down when she switches places with her sinister mirror image. When estranged brothers Adam and Clint attempt to reconnect over a week-long hunting trip in remote British Columbia, they find the tables turned by a mysterious presence lurking in the forest.  Convinced that they are now besieged by a supernatural presence, the siblings begrudgingly agree on only one thing: they will have to put aside their differences and work together if they plan on making it out these dark woods alive.  Joan and Michael invite their dearest friends over for dinner to discuss the passing of Joan's husband Neil. But as each guest arrives dark secrets are revealed and the main course turns out to be murder. The town of Deadwood Falls is no more. On Christmas Eve 2003, all 479 men, women and children simply disappeared overnight. There were no footprints into or out of the snowbound town. Leaving behind all of their belongings, the townspeople vanished without a trace. Only one person was found-a man whose body was burned from head to toe and who has remained in a coma all these years. Until tonight that is-on the 7th anniversary of the town's disappearance, the mysterious survivor has awakened... Plot is unknown A troubled couple's lives descend into violence and madness after a demonic entity takes their daughter. A man is taken captive by a feral family in the deep woods. They are determined to transform him, body and mind, into one of their own -- whether he likes it or not. An ambitious news team's exclusive interview with an at-large serial killer veers toward bloodshed and shocking revelations. When his home of New Eden is destroyed by a revitalized Brotherhood and its new Vamp leader, Martin finds himself alone in the badlands of America with only the distant memory of his mentor and legendary vampire hunter, Mister, to guide him. There's a campus killer on the loose who's making urban legends, like the one about eating pop rocks and soda at the same time will make your stomach explode and the one about a psycho with an axe stepping into the backseat of your car at the gas station when not looking, into reality. Sloan Carter is a young girl who has recently been blinded. Her father leaves for the weekend and her two best friends, returning home from University, keep her company. A protege of her father's, passing through town, also spends the night. The peaceful weekend is interrupted by a shadowy threat and the safe country getaway turns into a fight for survival. Carefree and desperate to avoid any responsibility, Jessica, a college student, visits a yard sale to buy a gift for her best friend. However, the music box she brings home is haunted by a vicious demonic entity eager to feed off the lives of all who hear the box's melody. After her best friend takes her own life, Jessica seeks the aid of two ghost hunters, but they too find themselves out of their depth. Desperate to free herself of the cursed box, she searches for the box's origin only to find that true evil begins with best of intentions. Is the new film by Yuthlert Sippapak after a couple of years in hiatus. This is the latest in the Buppa series, a well-known horror film that began with Buppa Ratree in 2003. Mixing ghost stories with comedy and even feminism, the film focuses on the story of Buppa, a woman who commits suicide in her apartment after she's betrayed by her lover. She then becomes a vengeful spirit that haunts people in the apartment. The story of Simon and Kit, two young leaders of an Active Senior adventure tour group that take a day trip out to a small-town Rodeo located deep in the woods. Their lives are turned upside down when they find themselves fighting to stay alive against a group of psycho, bloodthirsty cowboys from the local rodeo. Vera, Ray, and Sam, a seemingly normal family, are haunted by more than mere ghosts. The lingering horror of their past threatens their ability to function as a loving family until they become enlightened by a mystical encounter. From that moment on, they're thrust into a horror worse than anything they've ever experienced. Personal demons manifest and tear the family apart from the inside out as they come to terms with their past. Children have been vanishing in a small town. The adults around the missing children die suspiciously three days after their disappearance, spurring an investigation into the disappearances by a newspaper reporter and preschool worker. When desecrated corpses and ritualistic symbols start appearing, the residents of Morningside, New Jeresey, are thrust into an unreal world of darkness. When Norman's nightmares become reality, he must overcome his fears and confront the demonic forces that have possessed Hugo, his prize Doll. A detective investigates her father's dying words; the name of a girl who has been missing for 9 years. A legendary but retired hit man lives in peace and isolation in the barren North American wilderness. When he rescues a woman from a snowmobiling accident, he soon discovers that she's harboring a secret that forces him to return to his lethal ways. A man's affair with his family's housemaid leads to a dark consequences. Eun-yi is hired as an au pair for Hae-ra (pregnant with twins) and her rich husband Hoon. Eun-yi's primary task is watching the couple's young daughter, Nami. Eun-yi is eager to connect to Nami, who gradually warms to her. Hoon begins to secretly flirt with Eun-yi, enticing her with glasses of wine and his piano playing, and they eventually begin a sexual relationship. Despite the affair, Eun-yi is still warm and friendly to Hoon's oblivious wife, Hae-ra. She even expresses enthusiasm and delight at the progress of Hae-ra's pregnancy. A happy-go-lucky guy has to recover his lady love from the ghostly spirit who accompanies her always. As midnight falls, all manner of terror invades the Earth. demons, cannibals, killers, ghosts and monsters swarm the world in these tales of the supernatural, the fantastic, and the just plain horrific. Featuring nine stories of horror. It's 1986 and a group of grad students are close to discovering what happens to the human brain after staying awake for 200 hours, but something goes terribly wrong with a test subject. After their department is shut down, the team moves forward in secret - only this time on themselves. Madrid, June 1991. After celebrating a session of Ouija with her friends, Veronica is besieged by dangerous supernatural presences that threaten to harm her entire family. A trip to the woods takes a nasty turn when Tommy discovers a mysterious bear-headed demon called Mister Bones is stalking him. Could Mister Bones be responsible for his sister Grace's abduction over 15 years ago? No overview found. 1990, after the fall. A man struggles to survive in the forest, living alone in a small cabin. One day he spots a mysterious child in an abandoned summer camp. Two travelers meet on the open prairie, and pass their time together by trading stories with each other. Their tales become a sort of competition, each attempting to relate something which might disturb the other. On Halloween night, we follow a troublesome brother and sister, an abused wife, and a sleazy politician who all get kidnapped by a villainous group called F.R.E.A.K. Rose finds a creepy doll in her basement along with a series of mysterious tapes. As she listens to the recordings she starts to notice strange happenings in the house and the doll seems to move around on its own. She begins to realise she is not alone and the doll is haunted by a terrifying demon that wants her soul. Devil's Whisper is a supernatural horror film about demonic possession but at its core it's a psychological thriller about repressed memories, childhood trauma and the cycle of abuse. Through a very surreal chase of spying and surveillance, Catafuse, a dubiously dressed "creature", hunts down specific human targets with the help of Molosstrap. But in a world completely run by the shadowy hands of the pharmaceutical industry, the lines of reality become so blurry and complex, that the mastering of insanity might just be the only way out... Shane Ryan presents the worlds first snuff anthology, with stomach- turning short films collected from over 20 filmmakers around the world, who all reach deep into the darkest cervices of their humanity to put on a gruesome and unforgettable show of depravity and pain. Some of the filmmakers contributing to this anthology refuse to be named, and some claim their entries are real. Now you can be the judge. During a space voyage, four scientists are altered by cosmic rays: Reed Richards gains the ability to stretch his body; Sue Storm can become invisible; Johnny Storm controls fire; and Ben Grimm is turned into a super-strong ... thing. Together, these "Fantastic Four" must now thwart the evil plans of Dr. Doom and save the world from certain destruction. A group of high-powered, middle-aged white men go to this place to take refuge from the stresses of their daily lives and spend time relaxing and regressing as "adult babies." It's set in a beautiful, secret location but this is not their only function. As adult babies, they are there to refuel the world's economy by sinister and unusual means. A sexually repressed woman's husband is having an affair with her sister. The arrival of a visitor with a rather unusual fetish changes everything. Four Summer Camp Counsellors read scary stories from an Ancient Book of Evil. Bright sunny day, Medical Students He Xinyue, Xiao-Li Ma, Ng Yen Yen, Leiyong Han, Yang Gang and Zeng Ping - Meet six people have already abandoned the old school came to play. Six months ago, the school there was a bizarre murder, a woman died of "friends, back to back," the horror rumors, everyone here was something fishy about the legend, once traumatic panic. Fearless young men and women regardless of the care of the old school of Qin master warning, insisted on a two-day stay here. As night fell, the feeling of insecurity, was seen fleeting ghost, some hearts desires expansion. Exploitation demigod James Bryan's massively entertaining, decapitation-fueled shot-on-video horror masterpiece about a jungle hotel haunted by kill-crazy ghosts in loin cloths, shot in 1990 and unreleased until THIS VERY MOMENT Stuck repeating the same pattern of mistakes again and again, Andrew Egan reluctantly accepts a teaching job to support his floundering, stand-up comedy career. As an increasingly anxious Andrew grows accustomed to the droll institution and its occupants he suspects that one of the students may be his downfall and that the previous teacher may not have left of his own accord. His life slowly unraveling, Andrew's lessons fall on deaf ears and he soon becomes part of a larger cosmic joke. The St. Valentine's Day massacre is the stuff of American legend, and the tale is familiar to nearly everyone. But the story of that bloody day in Chicago has never been told, or seen, like this before. Cutting-edge graphics and frenetic recreations accompany Johnny Fratto, son of onetime Al Capone-associate Louis "Lew" Fratto, back to Chicago, where he uncovers massacre myths and learns more about the life his father and uncles led when they roamed those lawless streets in the 1920s. Johnny gets guidance and opinions from a team of renowned Chicago gangster experts, and bridges the gap between the stories he heard as a little boy and the reality he lived growing up in a mob family. Johnny's take about what happened on Feb. 14, 1929 will surprise you. A wry story of female friendship: Jean and Kate, two "nearing-thirty" street performers, find the ups and downs of life and love amid the pubs and music scene of modern day Dublin. The artist portrays the glories and tragedies of the Eternal City along the banks of the Tiber river in Rome. A man becomes the superintendent of a large New York City apartment building where people mysteriously go missing. Four estranged friends reunite and spend the night in a remote country house that was once home to a Manson Family like cult. As the night goes on, the strange rituals in the house's past open connections between the past, the present and the subconscious, forcing all the characters to confront their deepest secrets and darkest demons, or be destroyed by them. A young man and his three younger siblings are plagued by a sinister presence in the sprawling manor in which they live. When out-on-bail mob boss Bellavance discovers that $500,000 of his money is missing, he sends four hardcore hit men to send a "loud and messy" message to the suspected thieves' families. But when the killers invade the Rutledge home, they'll meet the household's emotionally disturbed young son Owen. Owen has a history of violent behavior, knows how to make lethal booby-traps and is about to teach these thugs some deadly lessons in extreme vengeance. A Terrytoons cartoon released 19 February 1937. College sweethearts Brad and Ashley venture into the heartland of Germany. Their romantic holiday takes a sinister turn when encountering a German SS Officer, thrusting them into a psychological vortex revealing there is not always life in a 'Living Space'. Raghava has Nyctophobia. Raghava, who loves Nandhini, is a cinematographer for a TV channel and wants to shoot a fake haunted house, in order to increase TRP ratings. To their misfortune, they are haunted, not by one but by five ghosts. Surreal, offbeat short film about a cockroach who falls in love with the woman whose apartment he infests. They play beautiful duets on their violin and accordion, only to be interrupted by Josephine's brutish exterminator husband, Moe. And so Roach devises a plan: he crawls into Moe's brain and gains control of his higher functions. Manipulating Moe like a three hundred pound sock puppet, Roach woos Josephine. Two graffiti artists break into an abandoned, reportedly haunted research facility in hopes of creating an art installation, but stumble upon a secret team of demented researchers who are in the process of resurrecting an ancient sea creature - who they now must fight in order to escape alive. Teenage girl finds out, through her dreams and hallucinations, that she has a rather violent and morbid past. She sets out to right the wrong but her journey will take her to hell and back. A group of documentary filmmakers are filming a TV special about the events which occurred at the famous and mysterious abandoned Cain Hill asylum many years earlier, and the unexplained abductions and murders that have occurred at the site since then. The group soon learn that one of the inmates never left Cain Hill at all. Ezra, jeune ex-soldat Sierra-Leonais, essaie tant bien que mal de retrouver des reperes pour revenir a une vie normale apres la guerre civile qui a ravage son pays. Son quotidien est partage entre un centre de rehabilitation psychologique et un tribunal de reconciliation nationale organise sous l'egide de l'ONU. Durant le proces en rehabilitation auquel Ezra participe, il doit affronter sa soeur qui l'accuse du meurtre de leurs parents. Ezra, qui a traverse cette violente guerre civile completement drogue et alcoolise, ne se souvient de rien. Ezra reconnaitra-t-il l'horreur et par ce fait, permettra-t-il a sa soeur et a sa communaute villageoise d'acceder au pardon ?  In a small town in Massachusetts, four high school girls perform a ritual in an attempt to debunk the lore of Slender Man. When one of the girls goes mysteriously missing, they begin to suspect that she is, in fact, his latest victim. The film is about an Iranian filmmaker who has been invited to a film festival in France. He tries to convince the government to support him to go to the festival but it's useless. He provides his travel expenses with a lot of trouble. The last day he is arrested by the security police of Iran... Haifa on a sunny day. Moshe is a crumbling man walking up the Carmel Mountain on yet another work day. Will this day mark his collapse? Uri walks down the mountain to board a ship and leave behind all the things he loves and despises. His sense of belonging is losing ground. He is likely to miss his military reserve service-call, thus risking jail. Will the two collide or pass through one another? An existential comedy, where the overbearing mountain with its endless stairs takes control over destinies in this unique panorama of the Mediterranean port city. When college freshman Ranae agrees to babysit for a family with a tragic past, her run-of-the-mill Saturday night quickly turns into a confrontation with unspeakable horror. Stalked by a sinister presence and haunted by ghosts from her own past, Ranae and her friends must confront an angry, evil spirit determined to hunt them down one-by-one on a deliberate march toward its ultimate prey in THE NURSERY A group of high school students are hunted by a madman in an Abraham Lincoln disguise. A group of friends get together for a barbecue. They decide to start telling horror stories around the fire. Although not everyone at the barbecue will make it home alive. As they tell stories, a killer begins to kill them off, one at a time. A drug-addled techno producer invents a device that 'sends consciousness to the next level'. When experiments go horrifically wrong he takes extreme measures to find more 'volunteers'. "Kami Histeria" tells the story of five college friends who part of a band called Kami Histeria. All of them have just moved into a secluded flat near a jungle in order for them to have their jamming and practice sessions easily. However, since moving into the flat, the five of them are often awakened by screeching in the middle of the night. The band decides to ignore the screeching as sounds of owls from the jungle and continue to record their new single. But after the song goes live on YouTube, their lives are forever changed... A group of friends head out to a friend's cabin in the woods for a weekend of drinking and partying. In a secluded paradise, the friends start to unwind and it looks like it's going to be a weekend they'll never forget. But when a scary story about a deranged psychopathic woman dressed in a nurses outfit becomes more than just fiction, they'll have to fight to make it out alive. A seductive witch kills men by casting a spell on them. A bunch of friends are trapped in a haunted house with mysterious lady. Is she the Chudail? When a soldier's son reveals damning information about a local gangster's missing daughter, a war of attrition wreaks havoc on their forgotten coal mining town. Recently fired, a grim reaper with anger issues terrorizes a small town, killing and collecting souls for a purpose only he knows. Sam and Martin, slackers who work at the local bakery, are hired by a mysterious stranger to stop him from killing again. Now they are the only ones who can take out Death before it's too late, but these idiots have no idea what they've walked into. It has been five years since Laura and Carmilla vanquished the apocalypse and Carmilla became a bonafide mortal human. They have settled in to a cozy apartment in downtown Toronto, Laura continues to hone her journalism skills while Carmilla adjusts to a non-vampire lifestyle. Their domestic bliss is suddenly ruptured when Carmilla begins to show signs of "re-vamping" - from a fondness for bloody treats to accidental biting - while Laura has started having bizarre, ghostly dreams. The couple must now enlist their old friends from Silas University to uncover the unknown supernatural threat and save humanity - including Carmilla's. A nameless immigrant crosses the border leaving behind him a trail of blood and death. On his trail is an aging lawman seeking justice and redemption James, a rich IT businessman takes his wife Sarah and kids Julie and Kevin to his newly bought Summer house beside a lake. While having a nice time with family, fishing and grilling along the banks of the lake, Kevin searching for his missing kite enters a haunted place and get possessed by a demonic spirit. The family finally find him unconscious and rushed to a hospital. The Physician Dr. David Woo, a friend and old school mate of James realised the boy is possessed by a unclean spirit and advises James to consult an exorcist to save Kevin. What happened to Kevin and others? Who is the Ghost? What happened at the end? Wait and watch on the screen. A bizarre duel of minds develops between an alcoholic writer and an anonymous caller on a stormy night. Behind The Random Denominator is a nerve-racking psychological horror story, which uses minimalist means to create an oppressive atmosphere of unawareness, drawing the viewer deeper into the maze of fear and mistakes with every new and unexpected twist. What started out as a relaxing summer day by the pool for a group of high maintenance young socialites quickly becomes a nightmare when an unknown killer begins stalking and murdering them one by one. Believing their deceased son isn't at peace, Molly and Tom ask a medium to make contact. But after they invite a vengeful demon to cross over, the couple must enlist the help of a disgraced priest to attempt a dangerous exorcism. When Eddie and his friends decide to take their cameras into the woods to debunk the legend of Blood Moon River, they soon realize that they may have bitten off more than they can chew. After searching for two friends that failed to meet them at the campground, their situation goes from bad to worse. A confrontation with a family of psychotic rednecks the next day convinces everyone that it might be a good idea to leave. But after getting a glimpse of something stalking them in the woods...Eddie and his friends realize that the legend of Blood Moon River may be all too real. A young doctor gets a new job in a haunted hospital where he meets a beautiful nurse, together they uncover the hospitals secrets.  A medieval reenactment game turns into a Shakespearean tragedy when a non-player crashes the event to win back his girlfriend. Every university must have mysterious tall tales in the past, where students die before graduating. Someone wants to create a class to help the spirits graduate college. Surprisingly, the class attendants are growing significantly, and no one wants to teach the class. Star, a popular student, Otaku, a nerd and ghost photography enthusiast, as well as students Moo, Meuk, and Kung, and Fay the chubby clown, have to participate in the class. What kind of terror and romp will they have to go through? "Aliens Stole My Boyfriend" - Two cute alien chicks crash land their space buggy in the parking lot of the motor court looking for Earth boyfriends. "Coma Girl" - A macabre maintenance man falls in love with a comatose patient at the convalescent home where he works much to the dismay of her faithful husband. "Brain Robbers In Love" - A powerful older woman steals the body of a young woman using a top-secret brain-swapping devise stolen from a government vault. "The Problem With Clones" - A skip-tracer must search through a family of clones to find the sister who murdered her look alike. "Four-Eyes" - A paraplegic hit man is encouraged to pursue his gruesome talent by a man who wants to murder his ex-wife. "Life After Men" - In the near future, males are virtually extinct from disease and are tracked down my man hunters working for the new government. No overview yet This sequel to Paranormal Retreat 1 is just as crazy and scary, will JB ever find his Team and Madam Della, I don't think so, what he encounters on this property and deep woods is horrifying! JB has been hospitalized on and off for over a year, the cops are out to get him, they think he is somewhat crazy or is he? Watch the horror unfold and ask yourself is it real or not? The King has sent his best Knights to defeat the Dragon besieging his castle. Along their epic adventure they encounter malicious sirens, warrior women on a mission of revenge and an unstoppable army of the undead. Shirin, a singer mysteriously disappears. Abhay looks for Shirin and tries to solve this mysterious incident. After finding a vintage spirit board in their parent's basement, a group of teens conjure an undead relative, who stalks them from beyond the grave. Journey inside White House history to unveil fascinating truths behind secrets known only to the President. The screenplay centers on the 17-year-old blogger Karl who spends most of his time gathering images and videos for his blog "The Language of Many Others". Life suddenly seems to have a purpose when he falls in love in with fellow student Doro, but he suffers crushing disappointment when she drops him. Disillusioned, Karl lets his life increasingly be controlled by his "followers" in a dangerous game between life and death. When Simon brings his twelve year-old son, Finn, to rural Vermont to help flip an old farmhouse, they encounter the malicious spirit of Lydia, a previous owner. And now with every repair they make - she's getting stronger. Rebellious high school senior Johnny Grissom is murdered while on a drunken joyride. Soon, Johnny's classmates turn up dead, murdered by an unknown assailant. Johnny's best friend Eric begins to suspect Johnny has returned from the grave to wreak havoc on those who wronged him. At the one side of the inner yard lives a mother, who is left alone by her husband, with a little boy and his sister. At the other side lives a wife with her husband, a geologist in pension, who has suffered a heavy stroke and now lives at the edge between life and death. These two women are trying to find ways to deal with their loneliness. The mother is desperately trying to find a man, and she becomes addicted of latinoamerican sope operas. On the other hand, the wife is trying to die along with her husband, and she's trying to kill every bit of sensuality left in her. When a group of college students take part in a clinical drug trial, an unexpected side effect of the experimental medicine gives them terrifying visions of their own deaths...which begin to come true. As they scramble to escape their fate, they discover that the killer is among them and shares their ability to see the future - only he seems to be one step ahead of their efforts to survive. A former priest, now an exorcist, battles the satanic forces that are threatening the students at a girls school. A surreal adaptation of Moby Dick. Lake, obsessed with finding the ultimate truth, is led down a path into the horrifying depths of his own subconscious. College students, Terry, Nancy and Gloria are on their way to a rock concert, driving through a torrential rainstorm...only to crash their car, badly injuring one of them. Seeking shelter and aid they come across a house occupied by a man-hating mother and her daughter, our trio soon wish they hadn't. Returning to their family's cabin in the dark, Wisconsin woods to scatter the ashes of their father, a troubled young man and his brash sister are terrorized by signs that an ancient, Native-American spirit, awakened by a ritual murder, has marked them for death. A paranormal investigator travels to the South to research a series of deaths connected to a supernatural curse haunting an old Louisiana family. When the sun rises on an unsuspecting group of friends on a bushland road trip, so does the horror. They have stumbled upon an abandoned facility, yet there are children on the grounds, showing signs of reanimated life. And these children are hungry... A group of five women go camping in the woods to celebrate a friend's birthday over 4/20 weekend. But when they cross the turf of an illegal marijuana grow operation they must struggle to survive the living nightmare. Journey inside White House history to unveil fascinating truths behind secrets known only to the President. A couple hiking out in the woods, disturb a nest of vampires. Middle-aged Max and Sara meet and fall for each other in Palm Springs, but their love story is cut short due to a sudden zombie outbreak. Max is not as mild-mannered as he appears, and has a history involving government-sanctioned hits, but one zombie he isn't able to kill is his darling Sara. Animation, Family, Country: Australia Angie and Izzy get a housesitting gig that seems too good to be true. Gruesome supernatural hijinks ensue. A couple hires a professional digger (underground structure explorer) to help them find their friends, who mysteriously disappeared in the subway. Minerva, a single mother, works long hours a day to keep her ailing daughter in the hospital. One day, a mysterious man arrives at her door offering her to work in the translation of an ancient book in exchange for a substantial sum of money. Minerva accepts without knowing that this will change her life and that of those around her forever. A gang of young dirt bikers on a ride across an isolated region of Brazil find themselves being hunted by a machete wielding band of motorcyclists intent on killing them all. Horrific Nazi experiments have left a surviving WWII soldier with a terrifying condition: at the sight of fresh blood, he transforms into a man-sized, blood-sucking killer insect. Refusing to let his affliction destroy him and all he loves, he instead commits himself to using his "powers" for good-by finding the people responsible and bringing them to justice. Lonely widow Joyce rents out a room in her house and becomes dangerously obsessed with one of her guests. A group of college friends rent a cabin in a remote part of town for a weekend getaway. A weekend getaway that quickly turns from a weekend of fun to a weekend of pure terror. After getting an abortion, Traci Patterson begins to suspect that something sinister is following her and her friends. A creature, comes to earth to tear apart worthy human beings. Administering a drug that makes his victims bodies become mechanical, The Creature retrieves the needed parts and blood, to take back to his home, for use. Employees at a convenience store must get to the bottom of supernatural goings-on occurring within their workplace. Asher, a vampiric necromancer, saves a girl being targeted by three cannibalistic witches. The two team up to kill the degenerates not knowing that the witches have chosen Asher as their next target. A man digs through his attic looking for something clearly of great significance. What it is, we're not quite sure. When he finds a VHS tape and realizes he nor anyone he knows owns a VCR anymore, he goes on a quest to find it. A couple move to an Australian orchard surrounded by natural bushland to escape the madness of modern life but are terrorized by the mysterious Watcher. Crispy, a maniacal killer clown, is firing up his chainsaw and killing again. Messiah Fist, a Christian heavy metal band, may be the only ones who can stop him with the help of some ghost hunters and psychics. Lonely hostess Kiyo spends her days propositioning men on the cold streets of Tokyo and being beaten by her violent pimp, Tetsuya. One day her luck seems to change when she meets a charming foreigner named Anchin and a romance blossoms but soon everything falls apart when she becomes pregnant. Upon hearing the news Anchin flees Tokyo. With nowhere left to go she turns to The Viper, a scorned spirit that has been with her since birth. Karla Marks mysteriously vanishes while conducting a paranormal investigation with her husband. A year after her disappearance, a group of paranormal investigators attempt to uncover the truth about her disappearance. This DVD contains the first 2 hours of 4 hours of raw footage of KTLA from the UCLA archives. Contents (both discs): News footage shot during the Tate-Labianca trial. News footage shot during the Hinman &amp; Shea trials News footage shot during the trial following the Hawthorne gun store robbery. News footage shot during the Leslie Van Houten re-trials in 1977 &amp; 1978. Footage of an interview with Bernard Crow (a.k.a. Lotsapoppa). Footage of interviews with prosecutors Vincent Bugliosi and Stephen Kay. Footage of interviews with Manson Family members Bruce Davis, Sandra Good. Nancy Pitman, and Leslie Van Houten. Footage of the arraignment of Kenneth Como, Catherine Share, Mary Brunner. Footage of Charles Manson, Susan Atkins, Steve Grogan and others. In the mid-nineteenth century, in a small Venezuelan village, Father Giovanni and a clerk write the story of a supernatural case that they have witnessed, is the story of a mysterious specter, which the people of the town have baptized as "El Silbon". In the current age, we know a family made up of Gabriel and Mayra, Ana's parents. Gabriel suspects that his daughter is possessed by the devil since she is trying to kill him. Gabriel asks the priest of his parish for advice, which is the same one Father Giovanni wrote about the Silbon over a hundred years ago. Gray Wheeler just lost everything. But it could be the best thing that ever happened to her. After the death of her fiance, Gray moves in with her late love's best friends. While Sam and Dennis do their best to cheer Gray up, Fritz doesn't seem to care. Once Gray breaks through Fritz's defenses, however, she finally sees why her fiance thought so highly of him. As they spend more time together, Gray learns that her chances for love have not died out with her fiance. But when some surprise guests show up on their doorstep, it'll take the love of all of her new friends to help Gray learn that life may be messy, but love is messier. "The Manor," is the macabre tale of mental patient, Amy Hunter and the horrific events that follow her release from Psychiatrist, Dr. Tryvniak . Amy's mother, Jane feels it best to immerse her daughter in the warm, family atmosphere of Anders Manor, inviting Amy's long lost family to join them at the manor. The Manor, however, has deeper plans for the Hunter Family, as gatecrashers and cultists arrive as the nefarious and ancient demonic force,  goes to work, in short order, to sew madness and reap blood. A group of people try to survive an attack of bloodthirsty zombies while trapped in a rural Pennsylvania farmhouse. Thrill seeking friends return to the place of the most terrifying killer. A rancher, his clairvoyant wife and their family face turbulent years in South America. When Thomas Platz is suddenly made the guardian of a baby - then pretends to be its real father in order to win back Marie, the girlfriend who dumped him a year before. Stuck between staying a man-child forever, and proving he is ready to take the next steps of marriage and family with the love of his life, Thomas goes on an unexpectedly hilarious adventure getting the girl of his dreams to believe he has changed. A passionate photographer, who gets stuck in a terror-stricken atmosphere, tries to save himself and his family from an unknown evil force. This horror thriller revolves around the 168 hours of a married couple. Many scary events creep into their life and this forms the crux of the movie. In New York City for their annual tradition of Christmas Eve debauchery, three lifelong best friends set out to find the Holy Grail of Christmas parties since their yearly reunion might be coming to an end.  A real estate dealer, who sets out to sell his father's old property, a movie theatre, finds that the building is possessed by a ghost Jill Danvers is trying to put her life back together after her divorce. But someone is watching her; following her every move... With the help of her friends, Emily moves to a remote home to take better care of her brother, Zack who is diagnosed with cerebral palsy. But what they don't know is that the house kept a terrifying secret that will haunt them one by one. In 1987, during the austere days of Thatcher's Britain, a teenager learns to live life, understand his family, and find his own voice through the music of Bruce Springsteen. An engineer in charge of the production line of a factory in Moscow is sent to a small town to try to specify the distributor the new dimensions of a mechanic part they need. But in this town everybody seems to be crazy (a secretary who works naked, a group of people take the engineer as a rock &amp; roll player, etc) and, in addition, this man is witness of a suicide, so he is trapped inside the town. On The Doll is a story of the victims of child abuse, and the pain it visits upon their later lives. With interweaving stories following victims and victimizers, the film depicts the variety of experiences of abuse. In the 11th century a missionary goes missing somewhere in the huge forests bordering the northern parts of Sweden. Among the rescue party chosen to find him is Nanna, a young woman on her first real mission and her first return to the part of the country where she was born. But what they will find deep inside those woods is something else entirely. Something dark. Something ancient. Something evil. It is the year 2022. A mysterious systems failure causes the crew of a spaceship to be stranded on the dark side of the moon, while rapidly running out of fuel and oxygen. They are surprised to discover a NASA space shuttle floating in space, and board it in the hope of salvaging some supplies. One by one, the crew is possessed and killed, and it is up to Paxton Warner to find the links between the dark side of the moon, the Bermuda Triangle, and the Devil himself. On July 4th, 2016 hackers raided government networks and stumbled across a litany of unsolved cases the county refuses to recognize. The hacked footage shows Thomas and Alex as they attempt to help a young boy struggling to fit in. Damon Richter thought he left the world of possessions, exorcisms, and evil behind until an old friend arrives with frightening information about his estranged daughter knowing that only his otherworldly skills can save her. On their way home from a camping trip, a group of friends become stuck in an eerie forest when their car breaks down. There, they meet a mysterious stranger who warns of monsters lurking in the forest - will they make it out alive?  Based on the popular computer game of the same name. When a capricious young author with a dark secret returns home for her brother's graduation, she finds herself haunted by the past and tormented by night terrors. An anthology that tells four horror stories centered around a stolen "cursed" comic book. Nate only takes the stairs. One day, he sees the girl of his dreams but the only problem is... she takes the elevator. Nate recruits the help of his best friend, Louise, to help him try to overcome his fears and get this mysterious elevator girl. A circus' beautiful trapeze artist agrees to marry the leader of side-show performers, but his deformed friends discover she is only marrying him for his inheritance.  Sophisticated black magic were hatched by a malignant sheikh and a mother who came back to visit her son and his wife. The black magic purpose were inconspicuous but it ended up with a crime committed by the wife on her husband. A group of college students go out into the woods for a Halloween party, only to be killed one by one, by a clown who was burned alive 30 years ago by an angry mob. Duke hates his job. He has to let kids climb on his back and ride him for hours every single day. But one brat finally pushed him too far. Duke has broken free of his ride and is on a bloody rampage of revenge. He's going to murder that kid and anyone that gets in his way. Julia, an online vlogger from Germany, comes to the US to visit her cousin Hannah. Upon her arrival, Julia falls fatefully ill, prompting Hannah's suspicion of the strange and sudden illness. When unusual happenings start taking place in her home, Hannah begins a relentless internet search to discover the cause. She comes across Julia's vlog entries and finds herself immersed deep in the web - too deep - in a place where terror knows no end. The satellite has vanished and the only clue is a trail leading to a small village nestled on the outskirts of forest line. As the team begins to investigate they quickly discover that something else came back from space, something not of this world. As their time runs out, the team must battle to unlock the terrifying truth behind the ill-fated mission. Two young exotic dancers think they're about to get their big break in show business when they land a job in the hottest strip bar in town. However, their excitement soon turns to terror when they wind up as pawns in a savage and brutal international white slavery ring. It's up to their boyfriends to save them, except one of them is running the whole operation. A man who wants a modern girl for a wife unwillingly marries a village girl. What happens when the girl is possessed by the ghost of an aspiring actress? A man with spiritualist powers is told by his mentor that a demonic entity is returning to destroy his daughter's soul, and that he should take drastic measures to prevent this from happening. Feeling guilty about her parents death and determined to live up to their expectations, Rylee will stop at nothing to become an actress, no matter what the cost. After an unexpected death in the family, a mother and son struggle to find spiritual healing at a beachfront summer home. Horror anthology. One night to change everything. One night to save a theater, one night to change one's perspective about life. Luigi will push and pull Faeza with him everywhere around Paris an entire night to save his theater. At the risk of her group's safety, a young woman travels into a National Forest where her sister has become trapped in a multi-dimensional world of monsters. Nick, a Hollywood screenwriter, discovers his cat has become murderously possessed, and will stop at nothing to rid him of any women in his life. As his life unravels out of control, Nick must find a way to have his kitty exorcised of the demonic spirit haunting her and creating a body count. An estranged family take a trip to the desert in their used RV and become stranded and isolated in the scorching terrain. They soon learn their RV holds terrible, haunting secrets, and it starts killing them off one by one. A group of swingin' teens take time out from having fun in the sun to try to foil a group of crooks searching for a stolen scroll. It's Christmas Eve and Santa is out and about spreading joy...with a hatchet and some BBQ skewers. Cannibal Claus is the modern tale of a mall Santa Claus who is down on his luck at Christmas time. Instead of staying in on Christmas Eve, he decides to go out and punish the naughty in this blood drenched, meat filled, cannibal feast! Watch if you dare, Cannibal Claus is guaranteed to leave you repulsed! A young girl goes to therapy to deal with nightmares she's having. But sometimes nightmares aren't just dreams. A group of five of people join a reality show set in the wilderness only to get more than they bargained for. In this nightmare style horror film a mentally disturbed man tries to survive in an abandoned suburb at the end of the world. After they lost their parents in a traffic accident, strange events begin to happen to Yeonhui and Yeonsu. Strange spiritual obsessions begin to unearth age-old secrets in a small Northwest town, leading a pastor to suspect that all might not be as idyllic as he first imagined and personal threats await anyone who dares confront them. Nobody knows where they came from. They parasitize in human beings, take control of them and change their bodies into hideous monsters (Necro-borg). The Necro-borg fight each other until the other dies. Where did they come from? To what end? Yuji and Kaoru, whom both have dark secrets within themselves, get caught up in the horrific battles of Necro-borg. What will their fate be? Maggie, an alluring free spirit who won't let anyone - or anything - tie her down. But she meets her match in Jamie, whose relentless and nearly infallible charm serve him well with the ladies and in the cutthroat world of pharmaceutical sales. Maggie and Jamie's evolving relationship takes them both by surprise, as they find themselves under the influence of the ultimate drug: love. Seven friends are on their way to attend a friends' marriage when they see the aftermath of a car accident on the highway. A dog that is a minion of Satan terrorizes a suburban family. A family must put faith in a mysterious priest when an demonic force, connected to a decades-old murders in their home, possesses their daughter. There is a demon possessed Serial Killer on a rampage. Her name is Maria Cruz and she has an army of the living dead at her disposal. The body count is rising when a heretic, Reno Pena, is called upon to deal with the situation. Reno is about to take on the fight of his life, when his estranged wife, Katherine, comes to him and asks him not to take the case. The Demon Hunter must choose between the job that defines him and the woman he still loves. To further complicate matters, a group of college students are captured by the vengeful demon who has no plan on stopping her sadistic blood bath. Will Reno find them in time? Will Reno destroy his marriage once and for all? When a doctor looking for her missing child awakens to find herself in an abandoned school, she must survive the supernatural terror and face her own demons if she is to find the truth about where her son is. When Amy has nowhere to go for winter break, her friend Christine insists she come stay with her family. What begins as a dream situation turns into a nightmare when Amy starts to obsess and wreak havoc on her welcoming hosts. Stars Beth Littleford, Kate Mansi. Love is sacrifice. A Gothic horror romance about the reincarnation of two star-crossed lovers, Jakob and Henrietta, and their story of courtship, love, and sacrifice as they strive to conceive a child over parallel timelines. Black Blooded Brides of Satan - Grim, oppressive an in part even more realistic horror movie whose world in strung on modern devils worship, anguish, agony and dark discomfort from where there is no escape. Linda is a student from a well-off family and her parents have high expectations and put a lot of pressure on her to succeed. Too high pressure and expectations cause some rebellion in the young woman, however, and lead by her friend Linda drifts into the dark and twisted world of Satans worship - To the clutches of charismatic Master, to rituals where truth and nightmares mix and to the vertigo of self-destruction Defying an ancient curse, a group of occultists steal thirteen sacred relics from the tomb of Prince Horus-Kan in order to feed their supernatural powers. Now, the three thousand year old mummy prince must hunt down the stolen relics and bring deadly vengeance upon the perpetrators. For Detectives Blake and Crawford, the body count is piling up. Can they stop the mummy from his deadly rampage? A film school student is trying to create his first movie, but cannot find the money for it, until some guys from a mystery website he visited appear on his door and offer it to him. Dora, a girl who has spent most of her life exploring the jungle with her parents, now must navigate her most dangerous adventure yet: high school. Always the explorer, Dora quickly finds herself leading Boots (her best friend, a monkey), Diego, and a rag tag group of teens on an adventure to save her parents and solve the impossible mystery behind a lost Inca civilization. Inspector Holloway is investigating a series of brutal murders in which a doll of each victim is found at the scene. The dolls, as it turns out,were purchased by the crippled Mrs. Von Sturm, whose home is overcrowded with a doll collection. Her pale, wide-eyed, neurotic son is the prime suspect and the daughter of one of the victims discovers the shocking truth. A disgraced children's puppeteer returns to his childhood home and is forced to confront his wicked stepfather and the secrets that have tortured him his entire life. Soon after arriving to a mysterious cabin in the woods, a group of teens discover the dark secret it holds, which forces them to fight for their lives. When an American oil company sets up an experimental drilling plant out in the vast deserts of Mongolia, they awaken a nest. The deadly creatures begin to breed and spread, devouring everyone in their path. The only person who can stop them is treasure hunter and adventure seeker who spent his life searching for a legendary tomb, fabled to be protected by the Death Worms. He knows he must do what he can to kill the creatures, but stopping these monsters may mean destroying his life's work forever! An aggressive race of aliens took over Planet Earth and humanity's at its end, living in giant bunkers below ground. Young Military rookie S.U.M.1 (Iwan Rheon) is sent to the surface to save a group of unprotected survivors. A psychotic killer has found a new hunting ground. A place where people frequently go missing so his murders can go un-noticed. The American frontier. The wild west has never been wilder as it encounters its first serial killer. A deranged psychopath slaughters his way through a mining town in the Sierra mountains. A law man is on his trail and is ready to serve justice. What he doesn't know, is that this killer could be... Jack the Ripper. Scooby-Doo and Shaggy must go into the underworld ruled by the Goblin King in order to stop a mortal named The Amazing Krudsky who wants power and is a threat to their pals, Fred, Velma and Daphne. Still/Born follows Mary, a new mother who lost one of her twins in childbirth. As she struggles with the loss of one of her children, she starts to suspect something sinister is after her surviving child - a supernatural entity that has chosen her child and will stop at nothing to take it from her. A teenage girl only 13 years old, Cris, with a serious heart condition for which their life expectancy is very short, decides to give his destiny Victor, a vampire who will discover a world of opportunities with him. A fraternity house throws their big "Winter Luau" party but when fraternity brothers and coeds begin dying horrible deaths they discover an evil entity has taken over the house. Four young women travel to their college professor's new country home for a weekend getaway, only to discover that the house has a malevolent past. A shocking assault inspires horrific violence when a group of teens encounters a girl from their school while camping in a remote spot. George Banks is an ordinary, middle-class man whose 21 year-old daughter Annie has decided to marry a man from an upper-class family, but George can't think of what life would be like without his daughter. He becomes slightly insane, but his wife tries to make him happy for Annie, but when the wedding takes place at their home and a foreign wedding planner takes over the ceremony. The history of the artist Ruth Gardner. That paints a picture in his own blood. The heroine of the film signed a contract with God himself. Who has promised to make Ruth famous all over the world, in exchange for a talent that had Ruth. When a devoted husband and father is left home alone for the weekend, two stranded young women unexpectedly knock on his door for help. What starts out as a kind gesture results in a dangerous seduction and a deadly game of cat and mouse. A shy and introverted aspiring actress moves to Haddonfield to reconnect with her brother Bob. Unaware of the town's secrets and her connection to them, a familiar presence engulfs the innocence rebuilt on Halloween night. The recently deceased rise, feasting upon the living as a zombie outbreak spreads across the globe. In Central New York, a small Marine patrol, led by Seargent Ritter, tries to keep order. A young couple's dream of starting a family shatters as they descend into the depths of paranoia and must struggle to survive an evil presence that wants nothing more than their very own lives. A legion of demons have been unleashed creating an apocalyptic America. Pike leads a group of survivors fighting demonically possessed corpses through the wasteland trying to make it to Jawbone, while The Magistrate is creating an army of cannibal corpses to serve him. What will be required of Pike to defeat this legion? It all started in Jawbone and it will all end in Jawbone." When loser Marvin Mange is involved in a horrible car accident, he's brought back to life by a deranged scientist as half man and half animal. His newfound powers are awesome -- but their adverse side effects could take over his life. Now, Marvin must fight to control his crazy primal urges around his new squeeze, Rianna, and his rival, Sgt. Sisk, who both think he's one cool cat. Alec is the lead singer of his band The Invited. After years of hard work and little payoff, he decides to take his band mates Rob, Adam, James and Malcolm out on a secluded band trip to the woods for one last bit of inspiration. The band soon finds out about the area's horrid past. Needless to say, they get more than just some inspiration... The movie is inspired by the famous Malaysian urban legend about a mysterious yellow-coloured Volkswagen seen on Karak highway. According to legend, when you see the car on the highway, do not overtake it as it will keep appearing in front of you, and what`s worse, no driver seems to be driving the car. Set in the 1980s, an estranged family hires a cult deprogrammer to take back their teenage son from a murderous cult, but find themselves under siege when the cultists surround their cabin, demanding the boy back. AFTER THE HORRIFIC ORDEAL AND THE LOSS OF HER FRIENDS, HEATHER IS FORCED TO RETURN TO HOTEL FEAR WHERE TRAVIS PREPARES FOR HIS NEXT VICTIMS, HEATHER MUST FIGHT ONCE AGAIN. When Cassie flees an abusive relationship, and falls victim to a moon-worshiping 600 year old Romanian Countess; a troubled paranormal investigator of Native American heritage finds himself in a deadly love triangle with a battered-woman werewolf. A chance meeting between an Assistant Scientist, Shekar, and an established stage dancer and singer, Anjana, results in love. While Shekar has a mother who lives separately, Anjana has been orphaned at an early age. Shekar's mom approves of Anjana, and both get married. Anjana stops her involvement in dancig and singing, and both spent the next several months on relative harmony. Then Anjana finds that Shekar is spending more and more time in the laboratory than with her, and she decides to take up dancing and singing, which does not auger well with Shekar. Arguments ensue, and both decide to live separately. When Shekar's mom comes to visit Shekar, both he and Anjana compromise to live together to fool his mother. Will they succeed in pulling wool over her eyes? A man who wants a modern girl for a wife unwillingly marries a village girl. What happens when the girl is possessed by the ghost of an aspiring actress? An aspiring actress begins to suspect that her temperamental boyfriend is a murderer. A seemingly innocent man is abducted by a notorious L.A. serial killer, who forces his victims to switch roles with him so that he can enact his own capture, torture and murder. In pursuit of the best that the winter of 2012 had to offer, the Absinthe crew employed a dual strategy to both hustle &amp; hunker down waiting. In a year of erratic snowfall, there was no other way to slay. But by splitting up and spreading out across the globe in smaller groups, they stacked the odds in their favor. The strategy worked. Tight, agile crews tuned themselves to local frequencies enabling them to tap into record-breaking dumps in Europe, heavy sessions in the Pacific Northwest, Japan, and ultimately, Alaska. It was a winter with Resonance: new riders came on board, new locations were exposed and as always, the Absinthe cameras captured all the action on film. Based on the myth of Frau Perchta, a witch that comes on the 12 days of Christmas taking children each night.  A young, beautiful couple hold their wedding at an old farm, despite warnings of a mutated West Nile Virus outbreak nearby. Their special day is ruined when the virus spreads and the wedding guests begin transforming into unstoppable, murderous maniacs. Now the couple must fight their way to safety while avoiding certain death at the hands of hundreds of infected killers. A successful art gallery coordinator, living a double life as a serial killer, preys on the hopeless as she attempts to find meaning behind the voices she hears. When she believes she is falling in love with a depressed comic book artist; she struggles between what her heart is telling her to do about him... and what the voices are telling her to do about him. No overview given. To push the crime rate below one percent for the rest of the year, the New Founding Fathers of America test a sociological theory that vents aggression for one night in one isolated community. But when the violence of oppressors meets the rage of the others, the contagion will explode from the trial-city borders and spread across the nation. Seven strangers are invited to a house to be offered a large inheritance, instead they find themselves trapped in a deadly game to the death. Meet innocent Jim, terrified of girls, and on a reluctant quest to prove his manhood the night before he turns 30. He and his cocky friend Alex think they've hit the jackpot when they meet the beautiful siblings Kitty and Lulu, who seem up for anything on a wild party-fuelled night. But little do they know that the femmes fatales want to make Jim lose much more than just his virginity... Getting laid has never been so bloody difficult. 10 years after the events of the original film, a rash of new meathook-murders makes Dan suspect this may be the same Killer responsible for the death of his twin Sister and her friends. Taking matters into his own hands he tracks down the maniac in an underground cavern and not only comes face-to-face with the meathook wielding mongoloid, but his entire sadistic family as well! Stranded at the side of the road after a tire blowout, a group of friends become targets for an enigmatic sniper. After becoming the victim of vicious cyber bullies, Lisa makes a deal with the devil to exact revenge on her tormentors. Pray you don't become part of her collection When a suburban slacker has a reckless encounter with a mysterious woman, his life begins to unravel in horrific fashion. His friends and family believe he's losing his mind, but he's convinced something far more sinister is taking place. Gunslinger Jonah Hex (Josh Brolin) is appointed by President Ulysses Grant to track down terrorist Quentin Turnbull (John Malkovich), a former Confederate officer determined on unleashing hell on earth. Jonah not only secures freedom by accepting this task, he also gets revenge on the man who slayed his wife and child. Megan Fox plays a prostitute as well as Jonah Hex's love interst in the film. Poltergeist Encounters Helpless to stop a thief from stealing his father's modest nest egg, Travis grows up blaming himself for his parents' suicide. Becoming a priest who operates a highway confessional with his ambivalent brother, Michael, he offers sage advice to chosen sinners while raining death on unrepentant thieves. Into the world of this antagonistic duo comes Mary Francis, a deranged young woman with psychopathic tendencies who kills a thief who threatens to expose the decidedly un-holy siblings. Filled with gratitude, Travis invites the woman into their sacred world which begins a chain of carnage-laced events that threaten to destroy the brothers' bloody, decades-long partnership. An enthralling &amp; action-packed comedy-thriller, full of blistering excitement. A Christian farmer searching for a higher purpose to life, falls into sin and wakes up as the Prince of Darkness in the city of Stavanger, Norway. Jack London's classic adventure story about the friendship developed between a Yukon gold hunter and the mixed dog-wolf he rescues from the hands of a man who mistreats him. A group of teenagers try to escape a creature that lives among the shadows and is hunting them down one by one. Returning to her home town, overwhelmed by the birth of her firstborn, nineteen-year-old Chloe van Heerden tries to come to terms with motherhood. Despite the support from her own mother, Chloe struggles with the demands of caring for a newborn child. The incessant crying of her baby, the growing sense of guilt and paranoia send her into a dark depression. With a heightened urge to protect her son, she sees danger everywhere. Brianna (Hannah Cohen-Lawlor) is a shy, bashful teen who is constantly getting humiliated by the other girls in her social circle. Her circumstances change when she is kidnapped by a bizarre theatre cult intent on summoning an ancient witch Nobody ever dies in the city of perfection. Six therapy patients are brought together at a secluded cabin to confront their strangest fears. But these fears won't just hurt them...they will kill them. Segundo has just 60 seconds to shuck as many oysters as he can! Inspired by turn of the century actuality films made by cinema's early pioneers, we attempt a contemporary version with a high-speed 35mm camera. During the Late Tang Dynasty, a manor is invaded by a demon cat and a sense of unrest befalls the capital of Changan.  A poet is charged with investigating the case and meets up with a monk.  The two work together and pull apart the thread of clues to reveal a history of truths leading to the events. Lekha Tharoor (Meera Jasmine) is an intelligent woman with a breadth of knowledge about everything who anchors a popular TV show of her own. She was blinded at a young age in an accident involving firecrackers.  She gets her sight back after getting a transplant. However post the operation she starts getting strange visions which unfortunately makes the people around her think that she lost her mind. When best buds Rick and Fred begin to show signs of restlessness at home, their wives take a bold approach to revitalize their marriages, they grant the guys a 'hall pass'--one week of freedom to do whatever they want. At first, it seems like a dream come true, but they quickly discover that their expectations of the single life--and themselves--are completely and hilariously out of sync with reality. The story of a mentally unstable loner lost in a life forced upon him. By night Oliver aimlessly wanders the streets and bars on what can only be described as a truly shocking and humiliating killing spree. His only savior and possible way out of a life he is desperate to escape comes in the form of the beautiful Sophia with her sweet eccentricity and naivety to the danger she has put herself in. A college graduate goes to work as a nanny for a rich New York family. Ensconced in their home, she has to juggle their dysfunction, a new romance, and the spoiled brat in her charge. When novelist Paula Martin retreats to the seclusion of her family home Crows Hall she hopes to clear her mind and focus on her new book. The arrival of an assistant, Linda, should take the pressure off... but as the bodies pile up, Paula finds herself trapped in a terrifying nightmare of murder and madness. An anthology film about death, murder, betrayal, and the strange location that these characters find themselves in. Once upon a time a carnivorous advertising methodist (Richard Bohringer) finds himself stuck between floors in an old elevator. The owner of the deserted building (Ute Lemper) does not help, but plays with him like a prey trapped. To get out, he threatens, attempts to seduce, to deceive, to be honest. After this confrontation for several days... A reclusive circus master invites a group of social media stars to his house of haunts. Anyone who can make it out before being scared into submission will earn $250,000 - but the stars soon learn they are not only competing for money, but also fighting for their lives. A woman and her angry mother travel together to the execution of a man they never met. Katya has a powerful gift: she sees ghosts. When her twin sister disappears, Katya begins a desperate search. Police insist her sister doesn't exist, that she is a figment of Katya's twisted imagination. However, during her search Katya discovers that there is a serial killer loose on the streets, and her sister is one of his victims. There is still hope to save her, but in a dark and mysterious city full of secrets, you can't trust anyone. Not even yourself... Students attending a Christmas party at a sorority house with a sinister past are stalked by a bloodthirsty killer disguised as Mrs. Claus. Is a young woman being stalked by her ex, or is she imagining things? A slick private eye (Duane Martin) set out to investigate the death of a young rapper, only to find himself knee-deep in drugs, guns, and double crosses. Vivica A. Fox and real-life rappers Jadakiss and Sticky Fingaz co-star. 2 Die For is a horror anthology of short horror films from cult underground indie horror filmmakers from across the globe. This fast paced horror compendium of short horror films won't give you time to catch your breath, your heart will race, you will sweat uncontrollably, and you will be shocked to death. An anthology of horror stories helmed by more than 20 directors from the dark depths of horror's underground. What would you do if you only had two minutes to live?...find out in 2 Die For. In the twelve days leading up to Christmas, the residents of the snowy and isolated town of Woodridge are being murdered in a variety of gruesome ways by a psychotic Santa and Mrs. Claus. While the small-town cops scramble to protect the townsfolk, the killings seem to center around one young woman who may be the final victim on Santa's list. As the slaughter continues and the bodies pile up, it seems that nothing and no one may be able to stop the murderers before they complete their own deadly take on the twelve days of Christmas. LA Detective Aiden Smith takes down Drug Lord and Cop Killer Damian Espinado, but all goes to hell as Damian returns to life by surrendering his body and becoming a vessel for the God of Death. A policeman is assigned by his superior officer to find and apprehend escaped convict Richard B. Riddick, Riddick was being transported on-board space transport vessel "Hunter-Gratzner" carrying on-board 40 people, where a bounty hunter named Johns who captured him was escorting him to the penal colony "Slam City" and claim the bounty on his head. But the "Hunter-Gratzner" was struck by a meteor shower and crashed on a desert planet, where Riddick and 10 survivors were marooned. The policeman decides to hire a female bounty hunter to track down and capture Riddick alive. The female bounty hunter begins to suspect there is something more behind the "Hunter-Gratzner" incident and learns one of the survivors, Paris P. Ogilive was carrying on-board "Hunter-Gratzner" a priceless collection of artifacts and learns the back-stories of the 10 survivors as well as Riddick. Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon is recruited by the Vatican to investigate the apparent return of the Illuminati - a secret, underground organization - after four cardinals are kidnapped on the night of the papal conclave. A squadron of North Korean soldiers during the Korean war must scramble across dangerous terrain to cut off an American attack (with only the eponymous 12 hours in which to do it). With a commander whose health is failing him, a group of young but fiercely patriotic soldiers the DPRK army manage to hold off the Yanks (who foolishly informed the press of their planned attack before going through with it). Part firework safety warning, part mini horror film, there's something deliberately uncanny about this 70s Central Office of Information ad. The everyday scenes of football at the park and kids at the sweetshop are intercut with the uncanny - a mysterious child seen only from behind. The final shot of a group of such kids seen through a distorted lens could be from The Midwich Cuckoos. The perfect recipe for children's nightmares and sleepless nights for parents - it's certainly an unforgettable warning. (BFI) A man returns home to Atlanta to help and turn around his family's struggling restaurant with the help of a new chicken recipe. Based on a true story, shot in THE REAL EXORCIST HOUSE, a young woman returns to her old family home, the site of an infamous exorcism and discovers the devil never left. This film was shot in THE REAL EXORCIST HOUSE and during filming captured both audible and visible paranormal activity which has been left in the film giving those who dare to watch a unique look into one of the most infamous homes in America and possibly exposing them to the devil still lurking within. St. Agatha is set in the 1950s in small town Georgia. A pregnant con woman named Agatha is on the run and seeks refuge in a convent hidden in deafening isolation. What first starts out as the perfect place to have a child turns into a dark lair where silence is forced. Ghastly secrets are masked, and every bit of will power Agatha has is tested. She soon learns the sick and twisted truth of the convent and the odd people that lurk inside its halls. Agatha must now find a way to discover the unyielding strength needed to escape and save her baby before she's caged behind these walls forever. Mifu and Ruby are a happily married couple with a 7 year old child they adore. When Mifu's sister Elysha returns home after completing her studies abroad, Mifu resolves to look for a better accommodation for them to move to. He hears news of a four storey building being leased out for a very low rent. As the building had been unoccupied for quite some time and wondering how habitable it could be, Mifu decides to check the site with his friends. After a while in the building, they begin to experience strange happenings. A baby woodpecker mistakes Jerry for his mother. The mouse rejects the newly hatched bird but soon finds himself protecting it against his feline nemesis, Tom. A cannibal takes a young couple captive and tortures them with puns. Cui Kai is a has-been writer and lives in his distressed apartment, unemployed. One day he receives an exciting job offer from an editor-to create a horror series. Kai has finally completed the horror series. The book becomes an immediate hit. However, fame does not make Kai any happier. Every story in his book is inextricably intertwined with his own life. He himself has a personality split and the obese man is in fact his other self that he is afraid of. Kai is able to eventually defeat his dark side and obtain a complete and wholesome personality. All the characters Cui Kai created are the split personalities of himself during his time in the asylum. Under torture, Indian gangster Tiger Memon confesses to his involvement in a plot to set off explosives throughout Bombay. The police choose not to believe him, however, and bombs tear through the city that Friday, wreaking havoc and polarizing the citizens of Bombay. Through a series of interviews, DCP Rakesh Maria comes closer to discovering who the leader of the conspiracy is, but it soon becomes clear that a foreign power must be involved. Though Rachel is a successful attorney and a loyal, generous friend, she is still single. After one drink too many at her 30th-birthday celebration, Rachel unexpectedly falls into bed with her longtime crush, Dex -- who happens to be engaged to her best friend, Darcy. Ramifications of the liaison threaten to destroy the women's lifelong friendship, while Ethan, Rachel's confidant, harbors a potentially explosive secret of his own. Four female friends spend the night in a mansion. Their joy is quickly shattered when three men break in and cruelly attack them. As the night takes a darker turn, they find themselves relishing in the violence they had once suffered. A family finds that the refrigerator in their kitchen is a gateway to Hell, and they must battle a witch. Trapped in a damaged cryogenic pod, a man is forced to watch a series of horrific science-fiction tales while his life support systems run out. Featuring eight intense stories of the unknown and other-worldly, equally wonderful and terrifying. Visit the GALAXY OF HORRORS, if you dare! Curated from Rue Morgue &amp; Unstable Ground's Little Terrors Festival. A man receives a mysterious box containing a terrible secret, a creature that will kill everyone else in his family unless he passes it on to someone he loves to continue its never-ending circulation. A claymation adaptation of "The Chimes: A Goblin Story of Some Bells that Rang an Old Year Out and a New Year In". The Chimes was a short novel by Charles Dickens which was written and published in 1844, one year after A Christmas Carol. It is the second in his series of "Christmas books": five short books with strong social and moral messages that he published during the 1840s. In 1916, beautiful young mute Helen is a domestic worker for elderly, ailing Mrs. Warren. Mrs. Warren's two adult sons, Albert (a professor) and womanizing impudent Steven, also live in the Warren mansion. Mrs. Warren becomes concerned for Helen's safety when a rash of murders involving 'women with afflictions' hits the neighborhood. She implores her physician, Dr. Parry, to take Helen away for her own safety. When another murder occurs inside the Warren mansion, it becomes obvious that Helen is in danger. A mother of two inherits a home from her aunt. On the first night in the new home she is confronted with murderous intruders and fights for her daughters' lives. Sixteen years later the daughters reunite at the house, and that is when things get strange . . . Emily is being stalked by a rogue clown. He's everywhere...including her closet. A young college professor and his pregnant wife unwittingly release a malevolent entity with murderous intentions.  The sisters of the Delta Omega sorority won a free weekend at a luxurious hotel &amp; spa. They planned on having a fun and steamy weekend. However, things go from steamy to bloody when an escaped serial killer checks in to the hotel and crashes their party. The heat will be on at the HOT TUB PARTY MASSACRE!!! Haunted by the death of his father and other psychological traumas, Daniel (Roberto Scorza) returns to the home where he was raised. Faced with intense emotional scars, as well as physical -- which are realized by the years of self-harm depicted by the cuttings adorning his body -- he enters the bathroom to begin a journey of self-exploration, self-mutilation and quite possibly, self-enlightenment. Prepared only with three white candles and some crude instruments, Daniel attempts to beckon the embrace of the Goddess Ishtar (Flora Giannattasio) to assist him on his self-illumination. Amy is secretly pregnant and thinking abortion. Meanwhile, Amy and her husband are sent to a village to research a story about demonic possession. Little does Amy know, she is just a pawn in the master plan of the evil's arrival. After a traumatic experience, Chris comes home to confront his past. but soon finds himself prey to a Demon who taunts him through sleep paralysis. This critically acclaimed anthology sees a young couple planning to purchase an old home, but would like one last tour before the closing. They're guided around the estate by a realtor that may have more in store than they bargained for. Searching floor by floor, they begin to discover seven tales of terror, that will leave you asking...How many stories does your home have? Comedy drama about a group of city dwellers who arrive on the island of Skerra to view the local lighthouse, little knowing that all who set foot in it are cursed. A simple yet proud rancher conspires to murder his wife for financial gain, convincing his teenage son to participate. On a shady side-street in Koreatown, a diabolical woman (Dawna Lee Heising) lures in beautiful homeless girls, junkies, speed freaks, illegal aliens, and the average ex-high school prom queen, simply down on her luck. It is in this deadly house of shame that these new victims will be enslaved, and sold on the flesh market. A disgruntled summer-stock actor contemptuously disregards the superstition surrounding Shakespeare's tragedy, Macbeth and, by doing so, unleashes the curse of 'The Scottish Play' and wreaks havoc on the company. Ajin is a live-action adaptation of a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Gamon Sakurai. Kei Nagai dies in a car accident, but realises he is a type of immortal known as Ajin (demi-human). Hunted by humans, Ajin is eventually found by the government and used as a subject in cruel experiments. He finds fellow demi-humans along the way as he escapes and goes on the run. In 1905, a man travels to a remote island in search of his missing sister who has been kidnapped by a mysterious religious cult. Madea and the gang encounter monsters, goblins and boogeymen at a haunted campground.  In this tough French-Canadian drama, two outsiders -- one who works with the law, another who lives outside it -- come together with unfortunate consequences. Linda (Sylvie Moreau) is a devoted single mother who will do anything to support her five-year-old daughter, Charlotte (Sarah Lecompte-Bergeron). Unfortunately, a lot of what Linda does best isn't exactly legal, such as luring well-to-do men into the park and then mugging them. One night, Linda is trying to coax a visitor from America into the shadows when the situation starts to go wrong. Meanwhile, Ghislain (Gabriel Arcand) is a shy, lonely fellow who works at the morgue and likes to listen to the blues late at night. In time, we discover that Linda and Ghislain met at one time, leading to an ugly encounter for both of them. A police chief about to retire pledges to help a woman find her daughter's killer. Based on a story by Swiss writer Friedrich Durrenmatt. A young immigrant is rejected because of his different ways and unusual clothing but is eventually accepted by the other kids when he impresses them with his bravery and resourcefulness. Based on article 30 of the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child, this film illustrates the right of children belonging to minority groups to enjoy their own culture, religion and language. Film without words. College student Beca knows she does not want to be part of a clique, but that's exactly where she finds herself after arriving at her new school. Thrust in among mean gals, nice gals and just plain weird gals, Beca finds that the only thing they have in common is how well they sing together. She takes the women of the group out of their comfort zone of traditional arrangements and into a world of amazing harmonic combinations in a fight to the top of college music competitions. Cady Heron is a hit with The Plastics, the A-list girl clique at her new school, until she makes the mistake of falling for Aaron Samuels, the ex-boyfriend of alpha Plastic Regina George. When troubled 12-year-old Jacob Felsen is sent away to boarding school, he enters every kid's worst nightmare: a creepy old mansion, deserted except for six other teenage misfits and two menacing and mysterious teachers. As events become increasingly horrific, Jacob must conquer his fears to find the strength to survive. A loop of edgeless bend. You were its doom, he was its bloom. You were its tomb, he was its womb. You were its gloom, he was its loom. For Heaven and Hell, were words made of fume. Newlyweds Sarah and Cory Morgan have decided to take a relaxing holiday with Cory's 7 year old son Liam to try and smooth over some of the teething problems Liam is having with his new Mom. Despite the idyllic location of Cory's isolated and luxurious country house, the family soon realize they have made a mistake in going there. Someone has been using the house in their absence. Their unwanted house guests will soon reveal themselves and the family will find itself caught up in a fight for their lives. What was planned as a relaxing getaway quickly turns into their worst nightmare as the family find themselves on a holiday from hell. 2009 biopic about the early life of Coco Chanel. Several years after leaving the orphanage, to which her father never returned for her, Gabrielle Chanel finds herself working in a provincial bar both. She's both a seamstress for the performers and a singer, earning the nickname Coco from the song she sings nightly with her sister. A liaison with Baron Balsan gives her an entree into French society and a chance to develop her gift for designing. Anxious Durga and her friend, Kabeer are running away from their village at midnight. On the same night there is a huge festival happening at the village temple where Goddess Durga is being worshipped. Devotees are offering their body and mind to please their Goddess. At the same time the woman, Durga, faces complete darkness of the night on the highway. Some drivers offer help to Durga and Kabeer to reach the railway station. Their journey filled with darkness and agony is mystical. Devi Durga is the Goddess of power but what about the woman Durga who is in the midst of darkness? Christmas Blood is a thriller-slasher about a feared serial killer, called Nissen, who has struck Norway's countryside every Christmas Eve for over 13 years. Investigators Rasch and Hansen is trying to solve the riddle before he returns. This time it appears that it is northern Norway that will face Nissen's bloodbath. When Carlos (Eduardo Antuna) invites his father (Boris Ruiz) and his brother (David Pareja) to spend a pleasant New Year in a strange house isolated in the forest with him and his wife Ana (Itziar Castro). But what promised to be a quiet family dinner, suddenly is interrupted by the presence of a peculiar vagabond, dwarf and very bad man, who claims to be God (Emilio Gavira). A woman buys a bed nobody wants from a factory, and is visited by a spirit that reveals the sinister past of the bed, and warns of a spirit attached to her new found bed. The Kingdom Of Shadows is a mystical cinematic experience which stirs from the darkness the spirits of our ancestors and reawakens the horror of unresolved crimes and denied desires. A bachelor party in the woods gets crashed by the ultimate party animal. It is a night of terror as the local teens struggle to stay alive in the sleepy town of Fearsville. They soon discover that fear has a town of its own. A man grieves over the death of his baby daughter while trying to hold on to his strained relationship with his suicidal wife. A group of students go to the jungle to get medicinal plants for their experiments. A Halloween treat bag of all the things that go bump in the night. From masked killers to scarecrows, witches and tricksters. There's a scare for everyone in this anthology of horror and the macabre from the creators of 'The Barn' and 'Volumes of Blood. A motley group of addicts attend a rehabilitation program at an isolated farm to get sun, relax and consume the drugs and alcohol they smuggled in. Unfortunately and unbeknownst to them, the farm is infested with zombies and these aren't your usual slow moving, lumbering zombies. These blood suckers run fast! Adaptated from the cult graphic novel, Rottentail is the story of geeky fertility researcher Peter Cotton who, when bitten by a mutant rabbit, transforms into a vengeance-seeking half-man/half-bunny. What's a boy to do? Why, take a hippity, hoppity trip home of course! Peter begins a bloody killing spree of revenge that culminates in his childhood hometown of Easter Falls. Brutal killings occur at a campsite over a cursed mask. From horror and sex comedy to musical, Outdoor Begins appeals to audiences by covering all kinds of genres. Two girls, Chloe and Celeste, takes its audience on a surreal journey towards humanity's decay. A haunting portrait of our own extinction. Upon receiving reports of missing persons at Fort Spencer, a remote Army outpost on the Western frontier, Capt. John Boyd investigates. After arriving at his new post, Boyd and his regiment aid a wounded frontiersman who recounts a horrifying tale of a wagon train murdered by its supposed guide -- a vicious U.S. Army colonel gone rogue. Fearing the worst, the regiment heads out into the wilderness to verify the gruesome claims. It's Halloween and Barney and his friends are decorating the gym for an exciting party at the school. From Indian corn to smiling jack-o-lanterns, the gym is aglow with the colors of fall. Meanwhile, BJ and Baby Bop are putting the final touches on their costumes as they get ready for a fun-filled night of trick-or-treating. A struggling novelist moves his wife and young son to an old country home, but when a presence begins to communicate with his son, the family must escape an evil that threatens to doom them to the house for eternity. The compound of an arms manufacturer turns into a zombie nightmare when its workers are given the wrong formula. Five cousins find a board game that makes wishes come true A sexually frustrated bigfoot terrorizes a quiet suburban street on a cold Valentine's Day evening. Threading together anecdotes about Florence Balcombe (the wife of Bram Stoker), Oscar Wilde and Friedrich Wilhelm Murnau, Koldo also tarries for an intriguingly long time with unsuspecting tourists on a contemporary cruiseship. After all, Nosferatu arrived as a stowaway too. Doug MacRay is a longtime thief, who, smarter than the rest of his crew, is looking for his chance to exit the game. When a bank job leads to the group kidnapping an attractive branch manager, he takes on the role of monitoring her - but their burgeoning relationship threatens to unveil the identities of Doug and his crew to the FBI Agent who is on their case. Inspired by a 1970's science fiction novel entitled ALTERNATIVE 3, one man, armed with nothing but a camera and an open mind, sets forth on a journey to reveal the truth behind what may well be one of the most startling secrets: An elite group is said to be secretly building an exclusive off-world survival colony on planet Mars. Credible individuals have begun to emerge claiming to have been actual Mars recruits including the great granddaughter of a historically significant American president. Sometimes the true heroes in our lives are those people who inspire us not with their superhuman accomplishments but simply by their refusal to give up in the face of seemingly insurmountable odds and the dignity in which they go about their lives. Bill Porter is one of those heroes. Born with cerebral palsy, he was told for many years that he was unemployable. But with the unwavering support of a dedicated mother and an indomitable spirit that has become his trademark, Porter did support himself as a door-to-door salesman in Portland, Ore. Tariq lives a double life: gambler in reality, practicing Muslim in front of his father.  A visual communication student sets out to trace the mysterious story behind an infamous bridge with his friends, and ends up with interesting revelations. Will Spanner, the reluctant heir to a dark legacy, is again thrown into battle against the forces of evil when a series of gruesome murders begins to take place. The victims are all brutally murdered in a ritualistic fashion - the heart is taken from each corpses. The victims also have something else in common with Will, something that the minions of darkness will stop at nothing to possess. After the death of her father, Leyla decides to go after her family in Istanbul, looking for the answer he himself never got. A talkative taxi driver helps her, as they also share a quiet moment. In the middle of a routine patrol, officer Daniel Carter happens upon a blood-soaked figure limping down a deserted stretch of road. He rushes the young man to a nearby rural hospital staffed by a skeleton crew, only to discover that patients and personnel are transforming into something inhuman. As the horror intensifies, Carter leads the other survivors on a hellish voyage into the subterranean depths of the hospital in a desperate bid to end the nightmare before it's too late. University students, Feng (Tsao Yuning), Victory (Carlos Chan), Mei Qi, Xiaoyu and Ali, are assigned to do special research in The Moral Education College during summer vacation. The school has been occupied by the Japanese to do cruel human experiments, they found an alumni records about ghost experience, and also found that some girls was mysterious disappeared. A staff of the school, Miss Fang (Esther Huang) led them to know the environment, then a chain of strange things happened in that evening, and finally they are forced to flee to a century-old tree, unexpectedly they saw the Principal of the college dig out some bones unconsciously under the tree. Are the bones and all the strange things related? Can the 5 people go out of the school safely? Noni Jean is a hot new rising star. But not all is what it seems, and the pressure causes Noni to nearly fall apart - until she meets Kaz Nicol, a promising young cop and aspiring politician who's been assigned to her detail. Can Kaz's love give Noni the courage to find her own voice and break free to become the artist she was meant to be? A dad forms a bitter rivalry with his daughter's young rich boyfriend. Eight tales based on the most brutally terrifying Mexican traditions and legends, an anthology of haunting stories woven into the fabric of the Mexican culture, some told through the centuries and some new, but all equally frightening. Bogeymen, trolls, ghosts, monsters, all brought to life. Time for Aztec sacrifices. This is the Day of the Dead. All the worldwide children of less than nine years fall in coma at the same time. Ten years later, Tom Russel is released from prison after killing a man in a fight, and returns to his home town, more specifically to his older brother home, who has a son in coma. Tom intends to rebuild his life, but his ex-wife Jean Raynor is hurt and does not want to see him. Attacked by vampire, Spring, a born loser is saved by three street cleaners. When he wakes up, he finds himself in a government secret facilities hidden in a garbage collection station. Spring then discovers that he has a special immunity to vampire attack, making him a perfect candidate as agent of the secret organisation, the Vampire Cleanup Department. In 1947, those aspiring to be priest are sent to a remote convent to live in seclusion on the last day of their training. The purpose is to shield them from evil of the world. The plot thickens when a mysterious young girl comes to the convent but the question is whether she is really sent by God or by the Evil. The four students Steve, Chris, Kathrin & Dennis are traumatized. Since their professor got murdered, a whole killing spree has started in town. And so the students were drawn into a hellhole full of hallucinations, drug abuse and violence. SIKKFUKKS is the first experimental/trash/splatter/horror movie by Nut-Wombat Studios starring Kockman, Ocelot-767, Chriso, Pascal, [S]Kill, Kathrin, Jakky & Cash Feeling they do not have much to do today, Kodaka suggests that everyone participate in a round-robin story, in which everyone takes turns writing a chapter of a novel. Naturally, things do not go well as each member tilts the story towards their preferences and desires. In this follow-up to Blood for Irina and Queen of Blood, the vampire Irina rises again like a ghost from her watery grave to bring bloodlust and madness to a lonely woman living in a seaside motel. Three friends -- Ashwin, Kishore and Praveen get into business by purchasing a resort. Pretty soon, they find that they've got more than what they've bargained for. Apparently, the resort is haunted by a ghost. Unwilling to sell the resort, they seek the help of a mentalist, Rudra, to exorcise the ghost. BJ Yagwang and PD Park broadcast a live stream themed around horror on AfreecaTV. They look for more provocative and fearful material for their program. One day, they receive a video which contains a female high school student disappearing. In the video, right before she disappears, the female school student was calling a ghost and playing hide-and-(go-)seek alone. While broadcasting live on AfreecaTV, BJ Yagwang goes to the abandoned building where the female school student went missing. A student travels with her boyfriend to Chiloe, remote Patagonia island in southern Chile, to investigate the link that exists between the high number of sexual related crimes and the myths 'n' legends that surround this mysterious place. Rob Grant and Mike Kovac receive a disturbing fan video inspired by their previous horror movie Mon Ami, motivating them to investigate the responsibility of filmmakers in portraying violence in movies. In their pursuit of the truth they are unwittingly introduced to the real world of violent criminals and their victims. When a group of teenagers venture into the woods, they stumble upon a group of Furries. Accidentally mistaking one for a real animal leads to a tragic accident. The Furries, led by the brutal Mr. Fox, launch an all-out assault on the youths. Can the teens survive the revenge of the Furries?!? After stumbling upon the graves of three murdered trick or treaters, a small town paperboy discovers a series of handwritten horror stories tacked to the children's headstones. Penned by a deranged pulp author driven mad by his craft, the stories chronicle grisly tales of Halloween rites, rituals and traditions. Absent of dialogue and heavy on atmosphere, 3 Dead Trick or Treaters is a horror anthology unlike any you've seen before.  A low-budget anthology film focuses on a young group of friends, gathered for a night of fun and drinks around a campfire. Every year they try to outdo themselves telling scary stories. Will they survive another round? One story showcasing 5 unique macabre tales to frighten audiences everywhere. An insight into the lives of the miners who search for Australia's famous black opals. Horror legends Lloyd Kaufman and Jim O'Rear take you on a spine-tingling journey through five blood-drenched tales that will make your skin crawl. A young teen gets ready for her first time baby sitting alone, when she soon finds out that she's not alone. Dream Nightmare  Detective Philip Lovecraft lives in Los Angeles in the 1950s when an ambitious Senator is holding hearings, on Magic. Magic is the new influence in Tinsel Town. Lovecraft is unique in that he is the only one who refuses to use magic in his work. Shortly after he is hired, he finds his client, Kim Hudson, accused of the murder of her husband, a film executive. Philip uses the talents of a local witch, Kropotkin, to explain what is happening only to see her accused of the murder and sentenced to be burnt at the stake. Reminiscent of Roger Rabbit, without the toons. When social worker Shu-fen discovers that her pregnant teenage daughter Ya-ting has disappeared, her search for Ya-ting ends her with many horrifying mysteries...  Meeting the mysterious Mei-hua who imprisons her own daughter inside her house covered with papers written with spells and encountering the missing and pregnant Yi-chun in an abandoned hospital, the trio returns to the Red Forest to rescue Ya-ting and Shu-fen finally realizes that the deepest fear arises from love... Something isn't right in Alma's house. Something isn't right with Alma.... Documentary examining the politics, music, and life of Tupac Shakur. Various characters investigate the disappearance of a young boy at Camp Blood and fall prey to evil clowns. A pregnant woman and her husband are taken in by a farmer and his wife after crashing their car in the Scottish countryside. Once inside, they realize their hosts' daughter is a missing child from the news years earlier. Things take a sinister twist when the farmer and his wife inform the couple they intend to keep their baby once born. Katia, a young Polish woman adrift in London, meets Bob, an American tattoo artist. Katia is drawn to his mysterious aura and the taboo culture of body modification, but Bob has a dark, secret desire to leave his mark on the world and little does Katia know that her fascination with him will put her life in danger. CIA agent Marcus is sent undercover to Detroit to take out an arms dealer and the head of the hedge fund that is financing him. His CIA backup has other plans and turns on him, and it's a fight to survive in a hospital and into the hedge fund vault. A pregnant widow moves into a seaside villa along with her daughter, mother and sister. Strange incidents happen in the house, which scare them. Will they be able to tackle this mess? A college student starts to experience extreme seizures. She soon learns that the violent episodes are a symptom of inexplicable abilities. A young deaf couple named Stanley and Sarah take to a cabin so Stanley can write his second novel. Sarah goes with him to try and save the marriage. When they arrive, a series of strange events begin to unfold.  No overview found.  A group of friends go to an abandoned house for a weekend getaway only to stumble across a mad scientist with some monster-making goo. When some of that goo turns one of the group into a hungry, lustful beast - well let's just say it spells trouble. A young girl is abducted by a man, who claims that a cult is hunting her. His goal is to protect her until sunrise but while restrained, the young girl falls deathly ill. While her friends and family search for her, the source of her illness becomes more and more apparent. She's not sick...she's changing. Growing up can be a bumpy road, and it's no exception for Riley, who is uprooted from her Midwest life when her father starts a new job in San Francisco. Riley's guiding emotions-- Joy, Fear, Anger, Disgust and Sadness--live in Headquarters, the control centre inside Riley's mind, where they help advise her through everyday life and tries to keep things positive, but the emotions conflict on how best to navigate a new city, house and school. Set in 1992, during a hallucinogenic drug nightmare infused with illicit partying and forbidden sex, young ravers discover the murderous world of the DeadThirsty. A spoof of all the "found-footage/documentary style" films released in recent years.  The final night's work approaches for the staff of an insane asylum. A minimal crew of security and researchers remain to ensure the patients behave as expected before their transfers to a maximum security prison. Struggling with memories of abandonment, Dr. Helen Kingford finds herself on the brink of quitting her job as a psychologist. Following his forced retirement, the hospital's head of security decides on a destabilizing course of action leading to chaos and destruction within the asylum. In the confusion, all of the dangerous patients escape their padded cells. Confused, Dr. Kingford awakens finding herself tied up in the hospital morgue. Not knowing who to trust, she finds herself running from everyone in an attempt to survive. Two rival seamen fight for both a promotion to a captaincy in their shipping line and the attentions of a Havana saloon singer.  Sparks fly as they both try to out do each other in obtaining what they know their opposite is after.  In the end they will need to work together in order to save the day. After a possession led to his daughter's suicide, Michael has made it his mission to save others from the same fate. Struggling with faith and purpose, he takes on Satan's army and the the demons that seek his demise Newspaper reporter Rebecca Chandler, who feels she got no fair chance to prove her worth in her thee years career, looks forward to a Hawaian holiday with her fiance Ryan, but instead of a ring he brings her- walking orders, he found better. So she accepts again to be the bachelor on duty in the Christmas season, and write the annual romantic non-news feel good-story, once more about the elusive Secret Santa in small-town Hamden, where the Christmas spirit it said to last all year. Bad luck follows her from Indianapolis: her car breaks down, she can only get lodgings in a home for the elderly without Internet, and nobody wants to help her unmask the secret Santa. Soon she guesses it must be the only rich philanthropist, but the popular Mr. John Martin Carter doesn't grant her an interview and isn't tricked either, in fact meets her at the worst repeatedly without her knowing him...  A Taiwanese girl Yuwen comes to a village of Fukushima to study abroad. She thinks falling-in-love is a stupid thing and the land is unusually dry as Yuwen's heart because of no rains. Yuwen struggles to speak Japanese but learns Japan culture and relationships from her host family and neighbors. As she opens her heart little by little, rain falls on the small village after a long time. Based on Mary Gaitskill's acclaimed best-selling book, BAD BEHAVIOR centers on the lives and loves of three siblings and the lower East Side of Manhattan in the early 1990s. Epecuen was one of the most important touristic villages of Argentina. Thousands of people concurred, attracted by the healing properties of its thermal waters. On November 10th 1985, a huge volume of water broke the protecting embankment and the village was submerged under ten meters of salt water. Epecuen disappeared. Thirty years later, the waters receded and the ruins of Epecuen emerged exposing a bleak and deserted landscape. The residents never returned.  The plot revolves around a group of young people that take a trip to the ruins in order to film a documentary about Epecuen. Ignoring the warnings, and after a brief tour, they get stranded in the abandoned village. Contrary to what they thought, they begin to realize that they are really not alone... A man convinced that Lucifer was within him brutally murdered his wife and child in satanic sacrifice. Now, years later, Eric, Hayley and their daughter Penny, move into the same house after being left unsold on the market. Alexandra (Mentari de Marelle), student, became a substitute teacher at an orphanage called House Angels. Alexandra replace Irma, who no longer hold teaching because it is always plagued by the ghost of a small child. Alexandra Arrival get bad reception of the children home. Alexandra often intimidated. Alexandra denounce acts of children, but no one recognizes. Alexandra did not know that what bothers him is the real ghost. An exploitation anthology from twisted minds that brought you Grindsploitation, Grindsploitation 2: The Lost Reels , Grindsploitation 3: Video Nasty, and Grindsploitation 4: Meltsploitation! (troma.vhx.tv) A terrifying coven of tales designed to take viewers into the nether reaches of insanity, shock and horror. After suffering a wrongful death in 1914, former US - slave, Marie Scott - now a vampire - got a second chance at living to gain vengeance and live forever. This type of life comes with a price and like everyone else, Marie Scott must pay. Enactone is a glimpse into queer, erotic rituals for a yearly vampire holiday. The question is, can Marie Scott resist the most prime orgasmic blood in her quest toward becoming the next lair mistress? Based on the true events that occurred in the Appalachian Mountains, Mountain Devil recounts the frightening events of the night Frank Peterson and his friend spent the night in a secluded cabin stalked by something they could not explain. With only a few clues and journal entries we try to piece together the shocking events, and attempt to shed insight into one of the greatest mysteries of our time A mentally ill woman with a severe personalty disorder develops a strange relationship with her dolls. She becomes victim to insomnia and even self-mutilation leaving her son to unfold the strange truth about Anne's illness. Set in a blighted, inner-city neighbourhood of London, Breaking and Entering examines an affair which unfolds between a successful British landscape architect and Amira, a Bosnian woman - the mother of a troubled teen son - who was widowed by the war in Bosnia and Herzegovina. Six people bound together by a traumatic experience decide to round off a year of group therapy in style. They join each other once more, traveling up to the Scottish Lowlands for a reunion weekend in a 1970s holiday let. Soon a number of mysterious and horrifying events start to expose the cracks in their relationships, and one by one they discover that trust runs but skin-deep. A night of closure turns out to be far more final than they could have anticipated. During the events of a zombie attack, a young man shows a collection of shorts to pass the time before he too becomes one of the walking dead. A short directed by Christian Kreil. Opens with Bleek as a child learning to play the trumpet, his friends want him to come out and play but mother insists he finish his lessons. Bleek grows into adulthood and forms his own band - The Bleek Gilliam Quartet. The story of Bleek's and Shadow's friendly rivalry on stage which spills into their professional relationship and threatens to tear apart the quartet. A woman is found dead -- with her throat torn out. Villagers blame a supernatural source but Holmes has other ideas. A trio of women discover why several locals have been murdered and decide to do something about the new, evil force that is terrorizing the heartland. Can these amateurs stop a horde of devil worshipers and the arrival of the Antichrist? After awakening in a mental asylum, a patient plans an escape to freedom, but finds an even more disturbing, supernatural world on the outside, one that threatens to keep him trapped in madness forever. In Germany at the height of World War II, a ragtag group of American soldiers discover Doctor Mengele's diabolical plan to create an unstoppable army of Nazi werewolves. When a party bus on its way to Burning Man filled with a bunch of sexy young adults breaks down in the desert and in the middle of a group of Satanic worshippers, all hell literally breaks loose. A massacre leaves seven survivors trapped on the bus, fighting for their lives while wondering if someone or someones are not what they seem. "Ghost House: A Haunting" delves into the depths of a haunt that is far more than residual. Even the living are left questioning if they are alive or dead, after they buy the ticket to take this fantastic thrill ride. On the last tour of Halloween night, a tour group of unsuspecting visitors quickly realize their haunted house experience is more than jump scares and cheap tricks. Cold cases are drug into the spotlight to unearth dark secrets as history repeats itself and the dead refuse to rest in peace. Terror and death plague a gloomy, coastal metropolis, as a vampiric entity known as 'Pharisee' feeds on the blood of the city's populous. As the police struggle to find the blood-thirsty maniac, a deranged escort named Zoe is unwillingly brought into his world in this bloody rock and roll fueled nightmare. A group of college researchers go camping deep in the Florida Everglades. While entering forbidden Native American territory after being advised not to, the group encounters the infamous Swamp Ape. A teenage girl on vacation in the Bahamas with her divorced father tries to impress a potential boyfriend by saying that her father is actually her lover. Remake of the 1991 French film Mon pere, ce heros. Haunting Love tells the story of a famous radio host Xiao Xiao seven days before marriage, because seeing writer fiance Li MingXuan and former girlfriend Xu JiaWen on a clandestine love affair, Xiao Xiao commit suicide but fortunately she was rescued but Li MingXuan died falling from the building... Lucy travels to an isolated house in the forest to wait for her sister. They have worked out a risky scheme for their future and all she needs to do is sit it out. However a sinister presence may have something different in mind. Aliff is a socially reclusive student who has an ability to see supernatural beings from another dimension. All along, he has learnt to ignore the spirits and never tells anybody about his ability, until he is unwittingly dragged into protecting his reckless, paranormal-seeking classmates Anna and Naim. Together, the three of them find themselves in a battle of epic proportions fighting other-worldly creatures. Jerrod Carmichael explores aspects of the black experience through interviews with his family. In this special, Carmichael focuses on the strong black women in his life, returning home to North Carolina for informal, intimate conversations with his family and friends, who speak candidly about subjects such as sex, confidence, beauty standards and feminism. The shadows of screams climb beyond the hills.  It has happened before. But this will be the last time.  The last few sense it, withdrawing deep into the forest.  They cry out into the black, as the shadows pass away, into the ground. A story of a family's breakdown in the midst of a demonic attack. Dennis, a reporter, accidentally invites the ilawod which is a water spirit into his home where it attaches to his son, Ben. Following up the successful trilogy "P.O.E.", some of the most original international indie directors bring the tales of Edgar Allan Poe to life. 15 international directors, 15 trips to hell.  The oldest and strongest emotion of mankind is fear... Stranded deep in the woods, a young married couple is taken in by an isolationist family, one that lives off the blood and plunder from lost hikers, and they want the couple to stay for the rest of their lives. When a litter of dalmatian puppies are abducted by the minions of Cruella De Vil, the parents must find them before she uses them for a diabolical fashion statement. She hacks up rapists and snuff porno makers because they are bad guys. Six college students go into the wetlands to find their missing professor after he takes off in search of the mythical and deadly monster known as the 'Swamp Freak.' Members of the school's marching band are having their final rehearsal. They have to spend the night at the school, and a gang of mischievous students get together to tell ghost stories passed down through generations the horrifying "legends" of their schools. The plot of the film revolves around the Hindu mythological story of Mohini and Bhasmasur. At over five hours, it inaugurated the tradition of Indian cinematic epics and was the first Indian film to feature actresses. Bound for a remote planet on the far side of the galaxy, the crew of the colony ship 'Covenant' discovers what is thought to be an uncharted paradise, but is actually a dark, dangerous world--which has a sole inhabitant: the 'synthetic', David, survivor of the doomed Prometheus expedition. A ghost named Maya becomes the common link between Arjun, an artist in London, and Sharmila, a single mom and struggling actress from Bengaluru. Hannah returns home to her estranged Father to piece together the circumstances of her Mother's death. On the discovery of an ancient Ouija board from a local antique dealer, Hannah uncovers a deadly curse from the past. Nicolai Sctulman has got a big secret - in his garage basement there lives a hideous Freak. The two have a twisted arrangement together, Sctulman kills people and feeds them to the monster living in his basement in exchange for a strange but addictive green slime that the Freak gives him from his sweat which is "the best drug in the universe". Paathi is a movie which talks about raising awareness of abortion. Indrans is in the role of a Theyyam face painter and a local medical practitioner Kammaran, who has a deformed face. On a weekend getaway at a rundown cabin in the woods, Jason, a cautious teen, his crude best friend Colin and his fearless older sister Summer are forced to work together, grow up and save their hard-partying parents from their predatory neighbor intent on feeding them all to her undead family. Hidden amongst the mythical undergrowth in a grimy operation room, six Rabbit Humanoid Surgeons haphazardly fight to save the life of a damaged soul. After a surprise phone call interrupts his daily workout, beefy body builder Naoto agrees to meet his photojournalist ex-girlfriend to help with her research on haunted houses. Accompanied by a professional psychic, they visit an abandoned house once owned by Naoto's father. But inside the house a dark secret lingers and they find themselves trapped and tormented by a relentless ghost with a 30 year grudge. An ex-soldier ventures into the Pacific Northwest to uncover the truth behind his fiance's disappearance. A couple who devastated after losing their only child resort into obsessive act that can dangerously threatening their own life. A group of friends leaves in the forest, Julie pregnant for several months disappears strangely. These friends look for her but, unhappily for her, she will fall on the two brothers "Digouline" and Douly", still alive !. Documentary approach follows six people (and a robot) who transform their lives using stillness and mindfulness. When Dr. Henry Jones Sr. suddenly goes missing while pursuing the Holy Grail, eminent archaeologist Indiana must team up with Marcus Brody, Sallah and Elsa Schneider to follow in his father's footsteps and stop the Nazis from recovering the power of eternal life. A reunion between two couples becomes a massacre when one of the guests meets an anonymous person online and willingly becomes a participant on a bloody path to becoming God-like. The simpleton identical twin brother of a filmmaker not only gets his hands on this brothers camera but he also gets his hands on his brothers girlfriend. From the makers of Werewolf in a Women's Prison comes, uh, well I'm sure you can guess. Based on the incredible true story, The Express follows the inspirational life of college football hero Ernie Davis, the first African-American to win the Heisman Trophy. A family come together for the testament after the grandmother dies. Giacomo befriends a man, believing that he is the reincarnation of his dead father. Escaping death, a Hebrew infant is raised in a royal household to become a prince. Upon discovery of his true heritage, Moses embarks on a personal quest to reclaim his destiny as the leader and liberator of the Hebrew people. Every country deserved their own Exorcist rip-off... and here's one from Indonesia! Imbalanced old spinster Laskmi is fed up with being mocked by her niece Dewi and one day dies after a drug overdose. Laskmi then decides to fuck up Dewi's world from beyond by possessing and torturing her, plus turning her into a murderess. In a surprising development, an exorcist is eventually called in to help. THE HEAT - 1. Coal or wood afire to redness, 2. High air temperature, 3. Vehemence of feelings. Horrible Mansion in Wild Village (with "Mansion" spelled as "Masion" in posters and credits), is a shockingly amateurish little horror film in which a reckless young biker (Cai Juntao) has an accident and ends up seeking help in a decrepit old mansion inhabited by a little girl (Jia Lin) and her stern grandmother (Kara Hui). And a terrifying and mysterious horned creature. And a mute girl locked up in the attic. From this familiar but decent premise, director Lu Shiyu makes his film an endless - though only 80 minutes long - series of shrieky nightmare sequences (the main character wakes up with a jolt roughly once every two minutes), ham-fisted flashbacks and trite stalking scenes. Sequel to the indie thriller She Was So Pretty A story of an ordinary town, an ordinary family, an ordinary young girl.......and an extraordinary bond Ten people arrive at a secluded mountain resort to find it completely deserted. With no gas for the return trip, the visitors are forced to stay and investigate the mystery surrounding the abandoned lodge. Danny is your average Brooklyn party boy. This year, he and his friends couldn't be more excited about the upcoming "Brooklyn Annual Enema Party"; one of Brooklyn's biggest party. While the night starts out fun, it quickly takes a turn for the worst when Danny is attacked by a stranger. In the end, his fabulous drag queen and queer friends are able to save his life, but not without deadly consequences. A year later, Danny is still going throughout the aftermath of that horrible incident and refuses to go to this year's upcoming "Brooklyn Annual Enema Party". His friends want Danny to face his fears and go back out into the world. Danny refuses, but when a new boy, PuppyPup, enters his life, Danny decides to give his social life and the Brooklyn nightlife scene a second chance. It isn't until his friends start to disappear and get killed in gruesome ways that Danny realizes that his life, and everyone else who helped him that night, are in danger. An auto-dynasty family experiences scandal, adultery, incest and power struggles in a juicy adaptation of Harold Robbins's best-selling novel. Ruthless patriarch Loren (Laurence Olivier) hires racecar driver Angelo (Tommy Lee Jones) to build a more efficient vehicle against the wishes of his grandson (Robert Duvall). But things get even messier when Angelo romances two women in Loren's life -- his great-granddaughter and his mistress. Horror anthology. In the summer of 1979, gay porn producer Anne sets out to film her most ambitious film yet, but her actors are picked off, one by one, by a mysterious killer. Beneath Anna Poliatova's striking beauty lies a secret that will unleash her indelible strength and skill to become one of the world's most feared government assassins. Sheitaan is a 2017 Indian Bollywood horror thriller film, written by Faisal Saif and directed by Sameer Khan under Saif's own banner Faith Pictures Inc. Distributed by Dimension Pictures Based on real life incidents, the film marks debut of Bangladeshi actor Nirab Hossain in Bollywood. Two brothers return to the cult they fled from years ago to discover that the group's beliefs may be more sane than they once thought. A zombie apocalypse threatens the sleepy town of Little Haven - at Christmas - forcing Anna and her friends to fight, slash and sing their way to survival, facing the undead in a desperate race to reach their loved ones. But they soon discover that no one is safe in this new world, and with civilization falling apart around them, the only people they can truly rely on are each other. Michelle kills three of her friends in a horrific car accident while driving under the influence. After rehab, Michelle takes a job recommended by her counselor that lands her trapped in a mansion with three psychotic siblings hell bent on physical torture to purge Michelle of her sins. An anthology horror movie / short film compilation showcasing the work of up-and-coming indie genre director Lewis Leslie, best known for his work on the grindhouse feature "Killer Ink". A woman is in shock at the loss of her baby after being ferociously beaten by her husband. Clementina's trauma causes her to see ghosts. Banku, his mother, Anjali Sharma and father move in to their new house -- the Nath villa, unaware of the fact that the house is inhabited by a ghost. It is learnt the ghost is not too happy with his new housemates. But what the ghost is not prepared for is his unlikely friendship with Banku. Now Banku must uncover the reason why his ghostly friend is stuck and help him to attain salvation. Two single parents - male and female - along with their kids have to involuntarily share a house for their holidays.  Far away deep in the jungle, there is a village of short people. They lived happily hunting and gathering from the surrounding forest. One day, a group of young villager came upon a nest of Elephant fireflies and ate the insects, which resulted in their transformation into a new kind of demon called Krasue.  The Krasues are the creature that glows in the night have only the head with the intestine attached to the head, who will only eat only filthy things.  A journey of the people who are small in size who have to confront the abominations with have only the heads and intestines attached that glow in the night.  They will do everything to protect their love ones and try to get rid of the monsters, even if that means they have to become the monsters themselves. Hao (Wang Xianghong) came to town and rented an old house. After Meng Hao Wu met with a old woman and used a vintage camera to take pictures, old house began to appear a series of bizarre events. A red ghost appeared to startle his girlfriend Ran Meng Hao Jie (Tong Xin), slowly Ran Jie feel the ghost otherwise strange events began an investigation and, in the investigation of the truth of strange events began to emerge.  After the death of princess hanyang of the southern tang dynasty, she turned into a skeleton succubiness, who borrowed the first beautiful woman in the south of the Yangtze river, ximenyan skin, and transformed into a young woman with a charming an.Scholar wang ziyu encounters the skeleton succubi that incarnate ximen yan accidentally, see admire, knot qin jin in all.Unexpectedly, the bride is hiding under the skin of demons.The wife Chen ying that is driven out of a house prince jade, see wang jia encounters evil spirit misfortune, invite exorcist path grows urn and its apprentice small steamed stuffed bun.Kill the skeleton banshee on the earth, the exorcist daoren who is bent on behead, and stage a battle of love and hatred between people and demons.The film is based on the Chinese classical novel liaozhai zhiyi. A horror comedy about a young doctor taking a new post, only to learn that the patients who passed away there may not have left after all. This place frequented by ghosts, as if they were just like living people, is Ghost Hospital. Jane Marple solves the mystery when a local woman is poisoned and a visiting movie star seems to have been the intended victim. Ali, a faithless, rebellious and nervous young man, is removed from his work because of this irritability. Ali drinks alcohol at the bar. He hits a small girl by car when he goes home. He get away from there quickly. But there is something that Ali has forgotten. Edmond Poon, a Hong Kong renowned DJ who hosts psychic programs, supported by the metapsychology masters and warlocks from Southeast Asia who acts as advisors, leads a psychic exploring team to scout for little-known mysterious and supernatural cases or strange customs including Soul-grabbing Witchcraft, Menstruation Witchcraft (Indonesia), Headless Horseman in Prince Hotel, Suicide Curse in Aokigahara Forest (Japan), and MTR Dead Omen, Lone Ghost in Regal Hotel and Secret Organisation Shadow Team (Hong Kong), just to name a few. Many precious clips are uncovered for the first time providing gruesome viewing experience. An actress is killed on the set of a horror movie, and her ghost begins to haunt the director, a former lover and her colleagues. In order to get rid of the curse, they organise a midnight movie showing in honour of her memory, not knowing what awaits them in the cinema trap... Yang Tin Lok (Alex Fong) receives a phone call from his old classmate Han Yang one morning, inviting everyone to a meeting at an old villa in the wilderness. The same day, Tin Lok drives with Jiang Weiping to the villa, where the old classmates come in twos and threes. In this quiet corner, they are talking and laughing, generally being noisy. Just as the party is going well, a sudden heavy rain hits, disturbing the crowd of Masin. While they are hid in the room sulking, Han Yang suddenly surprises everyone with the unexpected guest Lin Yue Lin. Fifteen years ago, these good classmates went to White Dragon Pool to play at night. When they invited Dish Sin for some reason, Lin Yue was severely burned by an inexplicable fire. Weirdly though, his face now has no signs of burns. As night falls, when everyone is enjoying the time, Jiang Weiping unexpectedly dies. With this as an opportunity, everyone becomes involved in the terrible darkness... Jennifer quickly grabs a black suitcase off the airport luggage carousel. She later discovers she's grabbed the wrong bag. Soon a man calls claiming he will harm her daughter if she doesn't follow his instructions and return his baggage. A dutiful grand-daughter goes home to take care of her elderly grandmother. Once there, she finds herself trapped inside the house with a homicidal maniac. Three horror stories, with each set in the past, present and future. Creatures, bound by the blood of the wolf, that can kill with curses and move at lightening speed, watching the night sky for the rise of the blood-red crescent moon. They are SKINWALKERS. They feed on our flesh and thirst for the taste of human blood. The red moon signals each pack, divided by principles, hell bent to survive an ancient prophecy. Music Writer Limin was on a road trip in Malaysia. He came across an old mansion and decided to stay to write his unfinished song.  Limin became acquainted to the writer Cow who was living in the mansion. By chance he rescued Tai and Dai, a couple who loved photography. The four had a lot of strange and humorous encounters in the mansion, and had even attracted the attention of the landlord as well as the mysterious Lung Poh and Xiaodie. Xiaodie was murdered 30 years ago. They were touched by her story and decided to help her solve the murder. They asked the help from private investigator Chiyuen but he refused. So they decided to investigate for new clues themselves and surprisingly found ... The action now takes place miles away from the original location and partly in broad daylight, giving the film an entirely fresh yet disturbing new reality. The infection has left the building. In a clever twist that draws together the plots of the first two movies, this third part of the saga also works as a decoder to uncover information hidden in the first two films and leaves the door open for the final installment, the future '[REC] 4 Apocalypse.' Germany, 1941. Two secret agents, one working for British intelligence and the other working for the Nazis, board a train. Their mission is to find a Toymaker who is in possession of a mystical book which gives life to the inanimate. As the two secret agents close in and the Toymaker has no idea who to trust, he uses the magical tome to bring a vintage doll called Robert to life...and Robert will stop at nothing to protect his puppet master. On a calm night in an average city a hardworking URYDE driver, Brandon, picks up just another fare, Judd. Using interactions that blur the lines between the technological world and the physical one, Judd explains a messy breakup. Brandon offers an empathetic ear and a sympathetic heart to his new friend to help him pick up the pieces. Aggregated profiles, algorithms, links, likes and comments bring people closer. But how close is too close? This feature length documentary provides fans with an insider's look at the creation of Season 11 and its triumphant debut on Netflix. Featuring new interviews with Joel Hodgson, Jonah Ray, Felicia Day, Patton Oswalt and many others, interwoven with previously unseen footage from all stages of MST3K's miraculous comeback. An independent 12 year old girl named Three is home alone late one night when her house is invaded by several masked intruders. While trying to escape from them she learns of a far more dangerous threat waiting outside. A slow-burn suspense Christmas horror where six friends explore an abandoned hotel near a Christmas tree lot only to find themselves being murdered one-by-one by someone in a Santa mask. When his wife Samantha suffers a brain embolism, Hadrian Beckett uses experimental stem cells to revive her. However, when Sam is transformed into a shape-changing creature, Hadrian must try restore her humanity. When a blood sacrifice opens a portal to Hell, Ebee is returned to Earth where Lucy Furr, the new proprietor of her weed shop, has some sinister plans of her own. The true story of a woman's suspicious disappearance after ending an affair with a powerful, married attorney. Samantha has lived her whole life in different foster homes. Now living in a small town, she never feels like she quite fits in, even with her own current foster family who might adopt her, or the boy who follows her around doing her classwork. So, it's perhaps natural that she doesn't know what to do with a curious tagalong little sister named Olivia. One day, Sam callously ditches Olivia, who wanders off into the woods on her own and disappears. An overworked and underappreciated housewife finds herself recruited by an international security force for the purposes of rescuing a group of recently kidnapped world-famous rock stars from a crazy supervillain. After killing Alison Sumner and being seemingly killed by Robert Kersey, James Kirby is being transferred to the local morgue. But he isn't dead and kills the coroner and his assistant before escaping into the night. Now anyone who encounters this unstoppable creature is in danger of losing their lives. Who can finally stop this madness, once and for all. On the outskirts of a kingdom, a quiet but fierce medieval warrior protects the realm from monsters and the occult. His gruesome collection of heads is missing only one - the monster that killed his daughter years ago. Driven by a thirst for revenge, he travels wild expanses on horseback. When his second chance arrives, it's in a way far more horrifying than he ever imagined. A drifter passing through a small town is drugged by three masked psychopaths and forced into a bizarre game of cat and mouse. He is chased through a series of more and more bizarre events until, in the end, he finds that this evening of terror has lasting consequences. It's a feel bad film, nasty and brutish, red in tooth and claw. A team of satellite technicians enter the woods to repair a communication station but they are forced to rescue the crew of an airplane that crashed near a lake. They quickly realise that something may be coming from the lake that is affecting their minds and the passing of time. As they lose their inhibitions their most primal desires take hold. Lured on by the unseen entity it seems that only one of the team is permitted to bond with it and so be reborn in a new physical body. A terrifying game of strategy not to survive, but rather to die with the promise of life anew. Darken is set in a bizarre, mysterious, and violent unknown world with danger and death around every corner. After a young woman is accosted by a dying warrior in the middle of the street, a bizarre incantation propels her into the realm of Darken - a violent prison-like world of labyrinthine rooms, interconnected with no apparent rhyme or reason and no way of escape. As she fights for survival within this brutal place, she finds allies who are rebelling against the rule of a self-appointed religious despot who demands allegiance to an all-powerful god called "Mother Darken." Eve and her allies must fight with everything they have if they are to have any hope of surviving the horrors Darken has in store for them. Welcome to hell week. New horror anthology that explore the morbid side of the deep and dark web. Andy Spader has been happily married for 13 years, with two teenage children, when he meets a younger woman, Claire Holmes, after going to investigate a break-in at her travel agency shop. Having told his wife that he is leaving her, he learns that Claire has just discovered that she has an inoperable brain tumour and has only a few months to live. 'The perfect killers just met their match'. The young fella is drawn into a criminal gang of his older brother that engaged in assassinations. But when they on the affair, they face a maniac who opens them hunt. Yendha Nerathilum is an upcoming tamil horror movie. Two friends hide in an old theater to escape ravenous hordes of vampires, zombies and werewolves. Short directed by D.W. Griffith. At her 8th birthday, Risa made an honest wish for friends so that she's no longer lonely at home. She got her wish, but it looks like they're not exactly human. An outlaw band flees a posse and rides into Refuge, a small town where no one carries a gun, drinks, or swears. The town is actually Purgatory, and the peaceful inhabitants are all famous dead outlaws and criminals such as Doc Holiday and Wild Bill Hickok who must redeem themselves before gaining admittance to Heaven...or screw up and go to Hell. Alice and Max work at night for a big import-export company. During one of their shifts, while watching CCTV recordings, they notice an alarming shadow walking through the hallway. Fascinated by the unknown they decide to investigate. Their search leads them to Antonio Solimas, an exorcists who warns the two about the presence of many objects that belonged to a witch. Burned alive 300 years ago. Pierre Brumeu, a twenty-year-old young man, leads a drab life in Paris with his father, a man he does not understand very well, and his friends Michel and Sophie. Father and son live in the memory of Pierre's mother, who died too early. One day, Pierre decides to go to Tunisia, the sunny country where he was born... Hitch, the most popular Rideshare app, has created safe rides for millions. At least, that's what they want you to think. It was only a matter of time before the story went public. The story of that one night. That one, horrific night. A brutal mugging leaves Grey Trace paralyzed in the hospital and his beloved wife dead. A billionaire inventor soon offers Trace a cure -- an artificial intelligence implant called STEM that will enhance his body. Now able to walk, Grey finds that he also has superhuman strength and agility -- skills he uses to seek revenge against the thugs who destroyed his life. A social worker dealing with the disappearance of two children fears for her own family after beginning the investigation. Alicia Stone returns in this gore-drenched sequel. Having lost all hope, husband Jason calls on the help of Paranormal TV host Tyson to confront the demonic forces that have plagued the Stone household. A black comedy about a man struggling to make a living by helping people kill themselves. When her little sister claims she sees the dead, Alia consults a psychic, who opens her own eyes to the vengeful ghosts haunting their childhood home. Observes the creative process and thinking of Alfredo Jaar, of the the most relevant artists in contemporary art. His work deals from the migration in the frontier of Mexico and the US, to the genocide in Rwanda and the chilean coup d'etat in 1973. He sees art as the "last place" of freedom in modern society and from that idea he unfolds his work as an act of resistance. A flu like infection has taken over KL which turns into a zombie outbreak as we follow three intersecting stories of the survivors fleeing for safety. Candace is possessed by a demon, and her family has tried everything to save her. Could her last hope be a priest with his own dark secrets? Reeling after her latest novel flops, best-selling crime writer Robin Richards (Andrea Winter) is sent by her publisher to the Swedish countryside to regain inspiration. There alone, she indeed comes across an assortment of peculiar characters, including her driver and most obsessive fan, his explosively jealous wife, and the progressively more unhinged man who owns the farm that's hosting her. Totally out of place in her new surroundings--for one, she is always dressed for glamorous, big-city life--Robin discovers just how dangerous these oddballs may be. The unpredictable debut feature by Patrick von Barkenberg (who also appears as Robin's boyfriend) is bathed in dreamy atmospherics and streaked with offbeat humor, but remains grounded throughout by Winter, who holds your attention rapt. Lee Chong Wei is a 2018 Malaysian biopic film directed by Teng Bee, about the inspirational story of national icon Lee Chong Wei, who rose from sheer poverty to become the top badminton player in the world. The film is based on Lee's 2012 autobiography Dare to Be a Champion A police officer and her younger sister visit a ryokan located deep in the mountain that features a nearby hot spring that is known for its healing qualities. But ... the ryokan is a den for vampires. In this twisted love story, a man seeks out an unsuspecting stranger to help him purge the dark torments of his past. His plan goes awry when he encounters a woman with plans of her own. Campy homage to 80's slasher flicks, Bee Sting 2: Bear Sting is the sequel to the hit horror-comedy based on the Graphic Novel by Matthew D. Smith and Jeremy Massie. It's a race to the altar when a steamy romance novelist with a long line of torrid romances - and ex-husbands - sets out to help a single woman ditch her bridesmaid dresses once and for all. After setting her serial killer boyfriend on fire. A paranoid delusional woman gets a job at an all-night gas station. Most people fully accept paranormal and pseudoscientific claims without critique as they are promoted by the mass media. Here Be Dragons offers a toolbox for recognizing and understanding the dangers of pseudoscience, and appreciation for the reality-based benefits offered by real science. Ethan is a young, shy and rather reserved designer who has suffered from insomnia for many years due to his terrible nightmares. Believing he has a personality disorder he decides to see a therapist to solve his problem, but it will be thanks to the help of his best friend and a medium that he will face a long journey, a journey that will lead him to discover that his nightmares hide a shocking truth, something darker and more sinister than he ever imagined. A new type of virus makes 'GIMP', the dead that eats human flesh, which results in leading 99 percent of human in the world ruined. In a school surrounded by fences against Gimps, seven girls lead school lives. The girls are the hope for the human; Nonoka, Moe, Emiri, Nagi, Akari, Karin and Miyu. They are only taught how to fight against Gimps, not knowing the world outside of the school and other than their teachers. However, the nightmare Momoka had have gradually been changing their lives. One day, Moe gets bitten by a Gimp during their training. This incident triggers Nonoka to have distrust for the school. Confliction with the school principal. In the end of the battle, finally, the girls will learn the fearful truth...! Based on the horror game Ao Oni by noprops.  Five members of the cultural anthropology club at an old western-style school are trying to come up with ideas for their presentation at the school's culture festival, when they find a collection of folk tales gathered by a student in their club 40 years ago. They realize that the mysterious Bellflower Oni that appears in the folk tales may be the basis for the popular free game Ao Oni, and decide to make that their theme. They manage to make contact with the author of the Ao Oni game, but he dies mysteriously soon afterward. The club members become suspicious at the author's death and began to investigate on their own, but encounter a secret they never should have touched: a secret underground prison in the school.  For some reason all the fire doors at the school are locked, and they are trapped in the school. The sound of the strange footsteps they hear soon turn to their screams...A new tragedy of the Ao Oni is about to begin. Where do you get those brilliant ideas? A question which plagues all creators. They say success comes with a price, but for the story of Mitch Stockridge, an author of self-help books, that price feeds a bigger monster inside of us all. Into the stressful depths of the creative mind, the lengths that one goes through for success, and the anxiety to keep on producing while on top. Agalya is an upcoming Tamil movie. The movie is directed by Shijin Lal and will feature Sonia Agarwal as lead character. Flesh of the Void is an extreme experimental horror feature, visualizing what it could feel like if the act of dying was a truly horrible experience. Shot extensively on Super 8 and 16mm, it is intended as a disjointed, surreal trip through the deepest and most violent fears of the human condition, depicting its subject in a radical, grotesque and raw manner, refusing to shy away from societal taboos.  Its Halloween 1989, best friends Sam and Josh are trying to enjoy what's left of their final Devil's Night before graduating high school. But trouble arises when the two pals and a group of friends take a detour on their way to a rock concert, finding an old abandoned barn and awakening the evil inside. Now it's up to Sam and Josh to find a way to protect their friends and defeat the creatures that lurk within "The Barn". Scholars debate whether the Star of Bethlehem is a legend created by the early church or a miracle that marked the advent of Christ. Is it possible that the star was a real, astronomical event? From Producer Stephen McEveety (The Passion of the Christ) comes an amazing documentary on the Star of Bethlehem.  Tired of the noise and madness of New York and the crushing conventions of late Eisenhower-era America, itinerant journalist Paul Kemp travels to the pristine island of Puerto Rico to write for a local San Juan newspaper run by the downtrodden editor Lotterman. Adopting the rum-soaked lifestyle of the late '50s version of Hemingway's 'The Lost Generation', Paul soon becomes entangled with a very attractive American woman and her fiancee, a businessman involved in shady property development deals.  It is within this world that Kemp ultimately discovers his true voice as a writer and integrity as a man. Having been sold by her family to be the bride of a controlling billionaire, Actually searches for a way out. Pierre Brumeu, a twenty-year-old young man, leads a drab life in Paris with his father, a man he does not understand very well, and his friends Michel and Sophie. Father and son live in the memory of Pierre's mother, who died too early. One day, Pierre decides to go to Tunisia, the sunny country where he was born...  One renowned and reputed doctor encounters unusual paranormal activities and finds his colleagues in same mess. It is his past and involvement of entire team for misuse of their knowledge and positions. Situation becomes critical when killings of crime partner's start and doctor is helpless. He confesses his crime with near ones but they refuse to help and he finds himself alone in the hands of a girl which is a GHOST. Three teenage thieves infiltrate a mansion dinner party, unaware that it is secretly being hosted by a serial killer cult for the social elite. The horror/suspense thriller feature film GEHENNA opens with an intense scene where a large man is running through the dark woods while screaming. As he approaches an abandon old garage out of the fog and darkness an unseen image(Antagonist) ascends from beneath the fog. Within a minute he over powers the large man who desperately try's to escape from being pulled into the darkness. Three days later a group of hikers accidentally stumble upon badly mangled body parts and quickly report it to the police. Over the next few weeks several murders are discovered. The killings appear to be committed using some sharp object and still no one including the police has a clue how or why they are occurring. Seasoned police detective Roger Cook(Protagonist) is a burnt-out burly looking investigator who is earnestly looking forward to retiring in 10 days. A prostitute who is being interviewed by a man talks about her life, and how she went from a stripper to a murderous woman of the night. Angela discovers that her boyfriend is unfaithful to her. With lies convinces Jenny, a friend victim of many phobias, to visit a witch expert in voodoo to perform his revenge. Film starring Chiara Caselli, Jacqueline Anderson, Richard Ryan, Matthew Thomas, Max Von Sydow, Stefano Dionisi Monster High: Ghouls Rule unearths an old conflict between "Normies" and monsters - and things are about to get scary! For years, students at Monster High were warned that Halloween was a night to stay inside and avoid conflict at all costs. But Frankie and her friends discover that ghouls and "Normies" once loved to spend the holiday together! The ghouls decide to turn back the clock and use the night to celebrate their individuality and show that it's okay to "Be Yourself. Be Unique. Be a Monster!" It's been eight days since the clown first showed up in Green Bay, WI. Now, over the course of one night, four different groups of people cross paths with the clown everyone calls "Gags" and his true intentions are finally revealed. 20 years after three teenagers disappeared in the wake of mysterious lights appearing above Phoenix, Arizona, unseen footage from that night has been discovered, chronicling the final hours of their fateful expedition. A man makes a bet in Las Vegas with some men who want to kill him. He bets he can stay alive for 24 hours, then comes to Cleveland to elude them. Five government contractors wake up to find themselves contained under the infamous Area 51. They are forced to confront a sinister government experiment and a horrifying Alien host. After a night of heavy drinking, Jeanne and Deb take an empty road through the backwoods to avoid traffic where they unexpectedly hit a mysterious woman that quickly vanishes into a field. Plagued with guilt and unable to go to the police, the girls decide to investigate with the help of some friends. But when their peers start to die or inexplicably vanish, it becomes clear that a bigger, sinister force is at work as Jeanne is thrown into a bizarre conflict with the undead and a sinister voodoo priest with malicious intentions. 20 years to the day, and the murders are starting again. Murders so GHASTLY, so HORRIFYING, so utterly DEGENERATE, that it can only be the work of a ZOMBIE CANNIBAL RAPIST. Phineas Hogweather is an investigative journalist. He is also the witness to MURDER. After stumbling upon a live webcam attack by what appears to be the Necro Files Zombie from 20 years ago, Phineas hooks up with occult authority Professor Blackthorn. The two reluctant heroes chase the bloodthirsty creature around the globe and back, culminating in an explosive climax that pits the Zombie against the Pentagon's deadly Killbot 9000. Adeline Gray's attempt to escape bombing leads her to a derelict, creepy manor in the woods. When Adeline's young daughter goes missing, a series of inexplicable events lead her to believe a haunted doll holds a vengeful soul; the soul of a murdered Witch. As Adeline's desperate search continues, she soon realizes she too is at the mercy of The Witch's Doll. Three film students from California travel to Utah to seek out the phenomenal forest creature known as Bigfoot. A story of a group of pranksters who scares a homeless girl and accidentally injuring her. One by one, they start encountering a shadow whose glare causes them to fall severely ill and die. Short transgressive horror film by Jack Mulvanerty and Johnny Dickie.  "An inmate tells his story through interviews that reveal a tormented past of religion, depression, abuse and murder. " Low budget horror anthology. Haunted Prison - AKA Death Row - a horrifying live action film based on the short story by Kevin VanHook-takes place at Isla de la Roca Penitentiary. Rumor has it the Devil himself spat up the place out of the depths of hell, and man turned it into a prison for the most dangerous prisoners in the South. The monstrous building is steeped in the evil created by centuries of murder and injustice and is haunted by vengeful ghosts. Isla de la Roca was abandoned after being soaked in blood by a horrific massacre of inmates and guards. A gang of fugitives from a cop-killing robbery seek refuge within the razor wire of the prison walls at the same time as a documentary film crew arrives to tell the story of the penitentiary. When these groups cross paths within the cruel walls of Isla de la Roca, will anyone get out alive? Three burglars will soon realise they are not alone in a manor house when they discover a doll mysteriously appearing. A group of television personalities, renowned for their popular show in which they hunt ghosts and other paranormal phenomenon, encounter a real-life haunting which proves to be more dangerous than anything they've portrayed on their show.  Teen punks, on the run from the cops and hiding out in the woods, come up against the local authority--an unhinged park ranger with an axe to grind. The Catholic Church is trying to save an innocent soul from the ravages of satanic possession. Wave after wave of holy men are sent to confront the possessed. Joseph and Maria are married for six months and Maria still has never had an orgasm with her husband. They begin to visit mysterious doctor Baltazar who teaches them how to reach ecstasy in sex. One day, Fumiko Tashiro runs into Ryota Saeki - an old acquaintance from college - outside the municipal library where she works. Brought together by chance, they find themselves drawn to one another, and before long they are set to get married. They make their preparations for the wedding, envisioning their happy future together. But all the while, Ryota is troubled by his own secret ability to see the dead. When an overachieving college senior makes a wrong turn, her road trip becomes a life-changing fight for survival in rural Kentucky. On March 25th, 2014, Dream Theater performed at the Boston Opera House with very special guests from the Berklee College of Music orchestra and choir. Filmed and directed by Pierre and Francois Lamoureux, and mixed and mastered by Richard Chycki. Plagued by endless visions and nightmares, Jenny Adams suspects that, as a child, she was responsible for the brutal murder of her own mother. Hotshot real estate salesman Daryl has a bad cocaine habit. After embezzling his company's money, he wakes up next to a girl who overdosed. To hide from the police, he checks into a rehabilitation program guaranteeing anonymity. Under the mentorship of counselor Craig, Daryl accepts that he has a substance abuse problem. As he falls in love with fellow patient Charlie, Daryl begins committing to a newly sober life. A young girl befriends a dangerous escaped mental patient after the death of her parents. Awoken by screams in the night, young Evelyn Whipley is found drenched in blood and mysteriously bound to the bed - A Gothic Horror set in the 1940s, a psychosexual thriller disguised as traditional Ghost Story. Have you ever wondered why you root for people to die in movies or why you laugh hysterically when you see someone's head explode? Why does society love watching this stuff? Inquiring minds want to know. In this documentary we take a look into why this is; to hopefully get a better understanding and to feel better about ourselves since we all love seeing this. "More Blood!" The year 1829. Nikolay Gogol, a young Third Section clerk, is desperate: his own books seem shallow and mediocre, so he keeps buying entire print runs just to burn them all. He is suffering from violent epileptic seizures and struggles to keep on working. Investigator Yakov Guro accidentally witnesses one such fit and realizes that Gogol's visions contain clues that could help solve actual crimes. Together, Gogol and Guro take on a particularly weird and baffling case that brings them to a small village of Dikanka, where everyone has a huge secret to hide. Penny is tormented by a paranormal entity called Straw Man. Only the engmatic Librarian can help her fight this evil presence. Based on the graphic novel by James Willard and Patrick Beavers. When perpetual never-do-well, August, hits rock bottom, he breaks into his rich neighbor's apartment to steal some money. When she turns up badly injured, he panics and hits the road, but he soon realizes he's being followed by an ominous stranger. Will his bad decisions finally destroy him, or can August find redemption? Three years ago, female college student Li Li died due to a supposed accident. Her friend Xu Dawu and his twin brother Xu Dawen are constantly at each other's throats as they both believe there was something suspicious about the death. However, Xu Dawen also claims that he can now see the ghost of Li Li wandering around, like having a pair of yin and yang eyes. The film tells the tale of a widowed film director who is in the middle of making a film about an atypical diplomat inspired by his brother. While he has started a new life with Sylvia, he still mourns the death of a former lover, Carlotta, who passed away 20 years earlier; then Carlotta returns from the dead, causing Sylvia to run away. UN agents Mike Graham and Sabrina Carver are sent by their director Nick Caldwell to investigate the theft of Rembrandt's painting, "The Night Watch". The trail takes them from Amsterdam to Hong Kong and involves them in not only art theft and forgery, but the high-tech schemes of Martin Schraeder and his Korean cohort Mao Yixin Alpha Delta Zatan is set entirely within the claustrophobic confines of a frat house, the film follows the increased paranoia between members of a fraternity as they start to disappear at the hands of a masked killer. Believing he's found the frequency that will free human consciousness, a drug-addled techno producer builds a machine that kills people with sound. A film maker travels to explore an abandoned secluded youth home "Pohjola Manor" located in Northern Finland surrounded by ghost stories. A family is forced to live in silence while hiding from creatures that hunt by sound. Shu-wei is an unpopular student who is a constant target for the school bullies, but he ends up joining forces with them when they encounter two demonic sisters who feast on human flesh in the middle of the night. The gang manage to capture one, but the other demon is angry and starts killing anyone wearing a school uniform... After winning the championship cup, Jonsey and his team must survive the zombie apocalypse. Yang Tin Lok (Alex Fong) receives a phone call from his old classmate Han Yang one morning, inviting everyone to a meeting at an old villa in the wilderness. The same day, Tin Lok drives with Jiang Weiping to the villa, where the old classmates come in twos and threes. In this quiet corner, they are talking and laughing, generally being noisy. Just as the party is going well, a sudden heavy rain hits, disturbing the crowd of Masin. While they are hid in the room sulking, Han Yang suddenly surprises everyone with the unexpected guest Lin Yue Lin. Fifteen years ago, these good classmates went to White Dragon Pool to play at night. When they invited Dish Sin for some reason, Lin Yue was severely burned by an inexplicable fire. Weirdly though, his face now has no signs of burns. As night falls, when everyone is enjoying the time, Jiang Weiping unexpectedly dies. With this as an opportunity, everyone becomes involved in the terrible darkness... A quiet seaside town is stalked by a killer while a group of environmentalists lay low. But will Mae and her Dad discover who the killer is before the zombies invade?  A young woman with a severely troubled past signs up for an extreme haunt called Perdition. She believes that putting herself through Perdition's nightmarish trials will help her exorcise her internal traumas, but has no way of knowing just how shocking her ordeal will be-or what dark secrets buried in her psyche will emerge. This short film, produced at the end of WWII, warns that although Adolf Hitler is dead, his ideas live on. Jack Shepard is an out-of-shape auto shop owner, far removed from the man who once protected the world's freedom. Reluctantly called back into action by the government, Jack is tasked with turning a ragtag group of kids with special powers into a new generation of superheroes to save the world from certain destruction. A rookie cop becomes the chief suspect in the killing of some of his crooked cohorts. A young woman is torn between her past self, Laura, and the woman she has become, Vivian, when her sadistic family threatens to destroy her only chance at a future. In Nightscape, an emotionally guarded drifter, Kat (Galesh), crosses paths with a phantom car responsible for a wave of supernatural violence. The drifter must learn to trust again if she is to end a lifetime of bad luck and help her new found companions survive the growing chaos and carnage. Constance is a bored, movie-loving schoolteacher in post-WW2 New Zealand who begins to fantasize that she's a Hollywood star - with tragic consequences. An evil force is awaken in the woods. A lady monster kills a woman and takes her place. The husband learns it through a saint and contains her in the house abondoning it. A dangerous CIA renegade resurfaces after a decade on the run. When the safe house he's remanded to is attacked by mercenaries, a rookie operative escapes with him. Now, the unlikely allies must stay alive long enough to uncover who wants them dead. Cars fly, trees fight back, and a mysterious house-elf comes to warn Harry Potter at the start of his second year at Hogwarts. Adventure and danger await when bloody writing on a wall announces: The Chamber Of Secrets Has Been Opened. To save Hogwarts will require all of Harry, Ron and Hermione's magical abilities and courage. A pregnant woman forced to bedrest, gets the additional help she needs from two home care nurses. Unbeknownst to her, one of them has a vendetta against her husband and is out to steal their baby! Christie Burson, Cynthia Evans, Jonny Pacar, Vanessa Reseland star. A feature-length anthology film. They are known as myths, lore, and folktales. Created to give logic to mankind's darkest fears, these stories laid the foundation for what we now know as the horror genre.  A plethora of single people connected through a dating app meet their judgement day based on their serendipitous sins. A compilation of 28 short films about kaijus. A group of criminals stumble upon a lodge after a bank heist. As they hold the owners hostage and plan their next move they encounter an evil in the woods that is hungry and will stop at nothing to feed on their flesh. A group of people try to survive an attack of bloodthirsty zombies while trapped in a rural Pennsylvania farmhouse. After inadvertently unleashing an ancient curse, a documentary crew of American exchange students is haunted by angry spirits in Japan's infamous Suicide Forest. Preying on the lost and broken, Daniel strokes the souls of five drifters while indulging them at an isolated ranch in the grasslands. As the days go by, Daniel's mute brother Jude reveals to us with his video diary that the ranch, nicknamed 'the garden', develops into being more of an alter than a sanctuary for his guests. Methods in his madness ensue as Daniel reveals ambitious desires for his own spiritual rebirth, and what is unleashed is an unpredictable mind freak. An eccentric Youtuber is granted access to film in a house that was previously the scene of a bizarre murder. Addicted to Heroin and tormented by children, 8 Ball the clown tries to end his life and the torment, but he's just not able to, so he tracks down the kids who have been calling and calling and starts to play a game. Oh, I'll find you, I'll find you and then we're going to play all day. 8 Ball's mind is twisted from the Heroin and he brings a whole new meaning to playing. 8 Ball is so twisted that he will simply torment you. A young woman named Larissa (Stephanie Ash), encounters an entity that transforms her into death itself, and reins a violent storm against Dallas Henson (Ry Barrett) and the family that resides there. This debut feature from Newfoundland's G. Patrick Condon (Infanticide, Audition) is an inspired, meta take on the classic "cabin in the woods" horror trope. After squandering the money lent to him by a mysterious cinematic organization, a creatively frustrated writer / director, G. Patrick Condon, played by Stephen Oates (Frontier, Riverhead), has to take matters into his own hands by locking aspiring actress Grace (MJ Kehler) and the rest of the cast of actors in a rented house filled to the brim with security cameras and a script-spitting dot matrix printer. As time moves on, Condon slowly becomes the villain in his own movie by playing off the actor's need to give the best performances they possibly can, while also satisfying his increasingly sinister demands; even if it kills them.  Part Milgram Experiment, part A Cabin in the Woods, G. Patrick Condon's Incredible Violence will have audiences talking for years to come. An anorexic young woman escapes from a psychiatric clinic and meets a young man who wants to help. She is caught and returned to her parents, who are soon beheaded by a garrotting stranger making the rounds about town, apparently striking only when it rains. The orphaned young woman and her new lover launch their own investigation and are endangered when a link is discovered with the victims and a particular operation performed years before. South African Spook Hunter Matty Vans hires a film crew to document his paranormal ghost hunting business. Just as they tire of following him around to find no evidence of the paranormal, he receives a phone call from a woman claiming her family is being hounded by a spirit. After agreeing to spend the week with the family, it quickly becomes clear to everyone but Matty Vans that their haunting is an elaborate hoax. However, the Damon-Murray family are also harbouring a dark secret... In the near future, 10 death row convicts are forced to compete in a virtual reality game that pits them against dinosaurs and each other. When a virus outbreak causes widespread panic, a doomsday prepper retreats into his new house, believing that he's safe from the dangers outside, but soon discovers that his house is haunted by terrifying ghosts and. In the quiet town of Geneva, OH, a group of close knit friends just want to celebrate the end of school and party their summer away on the lake. Unfortunately for them, a masked killer has other plans and what was supposed to be a fun filled summer turns into a fight to stay alive.  A service which creates holographic projections of late family members allows an elderly woman to spend time with a younger version of her deceased husband. A mysterious woman is in love with a girl who is kidnapped and taken to a prison where she will live an surreal experience through pleasure. A cop investigating the suspicious death of a Muslim finds out that his own wife has become possessed by the young man's ghost! The Apache (1928) When serial killer Havoc escapes from his prison, there is no holding back. He descends upon unsuspecting lovers in their cabin get away. The world's most brutal killer is loose and his thirst for blood cannot be stopped. Accused of murdering her husband, IAS officer Chanchala, is taken to a haunted house called Bhaaghamathie Bungalow, where police and CBI officials interrogate her to dig up dirt on a politician she had worked under. As she's left alone in the haunted house, spirits take control of her and IAS Chanchala transforms into an unrecognisable person. How this impacts her and everyone around her forms the crux of the story. A fraternity's house burns down forcing them to buy an old mansion with a gruesome past. Their first night might be their last after a series of prank calls escalate. A young teacher on her way to a position in Transylvania helps a young man escape the shackles his mother has put on him. In so doing she innocently unleashes the horrors of the undead once again on the populace, including those at her school for ladies. Luckily for some, Dr Van Helsing is already on his way. Terry and Dean are lifelong friends who have grown-up together: shotgunning their first beers, forming their first garage band, and growing the great Canadian mullet known as "hockey hair". Now the lives of these Alberta everymen are brought to the big screen by documentarian Ferral Mitchener in an exploration of the depths of friendship, the fragility of life, growing up gracefully and the art and science of drinking beer like a man It is not Tag. It is not Battle Royale. It is Battle Royale Tag. Sena walks up to the school rooftop to return Yudachi's handkerchief. Yudachi is not there and Sena falls asleep waiting. It is dark, she is confined and locked up at her school when Sena wakes up. The school has turned bloody red and the girls have to fight to the death. Who will survive the carnage is up to the girls. Berenice is a dedicated female taxi driver in Rio de Janeiro. She is consumed by her job and the little free time she has needs to be divided between raising her son Thiago, a teenager exploring his sexuality, and her troubled relationship with her husband Domingos, a police reporter. The scars of the worn-out relationship, ruined by her husband's violent outbursts, have erased her femininity and led her into a great existential emptiness. The murder of Isabelle, a beautiful transgender woman, on Copacabana Beach, ignites her investigative side and transforms her life. Jen's romantic getaway with her wealthy (married) boyfriend is disrupted when his friends arrive for an impromptu hunting trip. Tension mounts at the house until the situation culminates in an unexpected way. Life for former United Nations investigator Gerry Lane and his family seems content. Suddenly, the world is plagued by a mysterious infection turning whole human populations into rampaging mindless zombies. After barely escaping the chaos, Lane is persuaded to go on a mission to investigate this disease. What follows is a perilous trek around the world where Lane must brave horrific dangers and long odds to find answers before human civilization falls. With the help of a reality TV show Anna searches for her daughter who disappeared under mysterious circumstances in a forest known for many Slender Man apparitions. Siam Square -The so call "Shibuya" of Thailand is the "Center" for Bangkok for half a century.  The shopping centers, hip standalone shops, popular cafes and restaurants are all there.  With the increasing competition in the University entrance examination, a lot of cram school shot up all over the area that leads to more traffic and activities for teenagers. But, when night falls, it becomes a place of an urban legend. ram school they attend but when they try and find the spirit find themselves in hot water. Caged tells the story of a teenage newlywed, who is sent to prison for being an accessory to a robbery. Her experiences while incarcerated, along with the killing of her husband, change her from a very frightened young girl into a hardened convict. After a complicated divorce, Gabriel rents a remote house to live by himself. In one of the rooms he finds a strange box which contains different objects, each of which relates to an unresolved crime. Finding the connection between the victims and working out who the killer is become his obsession. Deep in the heart of Las Vegas a new killer has emerged. Having survived the previous psycho's last wrath (Michelle) Krystal "Pixie" Adams is left behind to start anew and forget about her black past. Problem is this new murderer is unstoppable!!. A new group of up and coming hookers are on the streets left to pick up the pieces and start fresh. Will they survive, or will they become prey to this maniac slasher!! A film crew travels to Queretaro City to investigate the possible murder of a High School student, Lydia Torres. She had a very popular video blog channel in Youtube in which she claimed to be turning into a vampire. In 1990, Lam Sik-Ka  was a young translator who collaborated with the enemy during Japan's wartime occupation. He is tormented by guilt after turning his back on a comfort woman who was mercilessly murdered. Forty-five years later, his sin comes back to haunt his son, a professor specializing in sleeping disorders who begins a terrible experiment to exorcise his father's ghost. The lives of an Indian couple are devastated when their adopted daughter becomes possessed by a demonic force. The father shoots the daughter to death, However an investigative journalist doesn't believe in their story and becomes determine to know the real truth by going much deeper in the couple's scary past. Original horror depicting the confrontation between the horrible J horror heroine, split mouth woman and Kashima. 18-year-old girls high school student Aoki Miki who died in the street funeral incident. Inoue Yaiko who was a close friend with her is going to search for the criminal who killed the beautiful painting with Nakamura Ai or Kanai's river side. The survivors of the incident at the old Haney Logging Camp road swore they would never go back to that woods - But Haus did anyway. Watch the terror unfold as his traumatic memories of last year's event come flooding back. And those memories are the least of their problems. The child survivor of Victorville's most infamous murder case that brutally claimed the life of her mother, Alexis is now turning 21 and the sole heir to the Victorville estate. But when she receives the deed to her old family home, she also receives it's secrets. Making the house her new home yet unable to shake the feeling that evil forces within it are responsible for creepy occurrences, Alexis and her friends investigate the home's history and discover that the dangerous entity may have been responsible for her mother's death and so many more. The stories of three lesbian couples -- who live in the same house at different periods of time -- who are at a crossroads in their lives. In 1961, Edith loses her lover, Abby, to a stroke. Linda and Amy struggle with feminist issues in 1972. And, in 2000, Kal and Fran try to have a baby with the help of sperm donor. A single mother and her daughter are forced to stop by a black car on the way home. When they regain consciousness, they are in a Karst cave with seven strangers. The game is to find out a killer among the nine. A harmless game of "Truth or Dare" among friends turns deadly when someone--or something--begins to punish those who tell a lie--or refuse the dare. The pursuit of fear continues. After Kazuto Kodama's popular horror series "The Real Deal! Cursed Videos" (Honto ni Atta! Noroi no Video) unleashed a new generation in horror, we bring you volume 12 in the ultimate horror video collection! A documentary for the 20th anniversary of The Day of the Beast which put Alex de la Iglesia's name on the global film scene. The production personnel recall via archives and interviews what happened before and after the premiere. A man try to save his brother who trapped inside an abandoned hospital full of zombies. A group of friends buys a house in Wayne, West Virginia with the intention of flipping it to make money. The problem with this particular house is its unforgiving need for blood. Faces pass by in - initially-quickly edited, split-screen recordings. A 'Structuralist' inspired film in which the film material itself plays an important role. Grain, scratches and flickering give the film texture. The music is by Steve Reich. Funeral home is the last stop of the deceased ones. This is also where `turn undead` take place, the ritual that purifies the soul. The soul hasn't gone through the ritual is usually a haunting one. They still have things undone in human world. In order to finish that, they usually do something disturbing which led to supernatural incidents. Three seemingly seperate stories happen at funeral home intertwine. The fate of a family is delivered to their doorstep, inside a chest. An investigation of the emotional and economic value of Africa's most lucrative export: filmed poverty. Deep in the interiors of the Congo, Dutch artist Renzo Martens single-handedly undertakes an epic journey and launches an emancipatory program that helps the poor become aware of what is their primary capital resource: Poverty. After three years of traveling through the Democratic Republic of the Congo he asks the question: "Who owns poverty? A teen must resort to extreme measures to protect her family from a supernatural entity. The baby, which is the prophecy of the prophecy that will drag the whole world to evil and disaster, was born on 6.6.2016. Bebedin mother, who has committed suicide by not being able to resist the emotions, but the evil sect that protects the baby has not been a year. Breastfeeding by a woman in the same vein as her mother at night, when Venus is held in order for the prophecy to continue, is sufficient for the child to fulfill the prophecy. In the autumn of 1960, Father Thomas Riley and Father John Thornton were sent by the Vatican to investigate a miraculous event in an Irish home for 'fallen women', only to uncover something much more horrific. A young boy ventures into the forest in search of mysterious creatures that eat sheep, in this delightfully creepy Scandinavian Gothic fable from Jonas Matzow Gulbrandsen. Documentary maker Jon Alpert follows three petty criminals in Newark. Filmed by a hidden camera, the three are stealing, using drugs, getting caught and convicted. A small group of misfits from an even smaller town fight against an army of zombies and the voodoo priest leading them, all because of a mistaken food order. The sequel to the hit anthology film: Four chilling stories tied together by one man traveling through the terrifying land known as The Terrortory. Featuring monsters from the first film--The Midnight Clown and Smiling Jack--as well as all-new creatures. Successful teen novelist Sam Tabot is traveling with his wife Veronica to Alderson West Virginia in hopes of unearthing some valuable history he hopes to find at his families cabin. Quickly finding his uncle Samuel Talbot's diary, Sam begins to piece together a macabre history of violence and carnage that lead him to understand truths in his life. Sam begins adding it all together, and just as quickly begins being visited by the same demons who first visited his uncle Samuel. Before Sam can put it all together, he commits the same errors that his uncovering with the same dire consequences. Increased level of fear, six colliding stories, one roller coaster ride of emotions and terror. What would you do if you caught your significant other in the act or was face to face with your abductors? With twists and turns at every corner you will have the ride of your life on this journey. A journey where you will be dying to find out the unknown. Where curiosity kills the cat and a seductive mistake can be your last. What level are you? A dwarf named Ed falls in love with a big woman named Linda. He cuts her open and climbs into her womb to be "born again." After 25 years of imprisonment for familicide, a mother comes back home where her son disappeared. Trying to form a bond with God, three students find themselves in the belly of a twisted sect. Everything you ever wanted to know about Phantasm is right here in this 97-minute feature with interviews from Don Coscarelli, producer Paul Pepperman, Angus Scrimm, Reggie Bannister, Michael Baldwin and Bill Thornbury. A man investigates a memory of places and people. The evidence drifts deeper and deeper into an unforgivable jungle; he might not be the true owner of his memories, his thoughts may not be of his own, it may not even be his body. (IMDb) George Macready plays the centurion who presided over Christ's crucifixion. The Black Gloves tells the story of a psychologist obsessed with the disappearance of his young patient, and the menacing owl-headed figure that plagued her nightmares. His investigations lead him to a reclusive ballerina who, just like his patient, is convinced that she is about to die at the hands of this disturbing entity. In the bleak Scottish highlands, Finn counsels his new patient, under the watchful eye of her sinister ballet teacher. He soon finds himself entangled in a ballet of paranoia, dark agendas and a maze of deadly twists and turns, as the legend of the Owlman becomes a terrifying reality. A man, his wife and his son move to a new town and soon discover their new home is haunted. In an Armenian village, evicted in the result of the Armenian-Azeri conflict, Abgar stays behind all alone in a gradually shrinking enemy ring. He is waiting for his daughter, who became a witness to her husband's murder by an angry mob and was hospitalized with a mental disorder. An Azeri named Ibrahim, offers Abgar to work on the construction of a mosque and promises to find and bring Abgar's daughter instead... A few days later, Ibrahim finds the girl, named Yurga, in one of the psychiatric hospitals of Baku and brings her to Abgar. Abgar wants to leave the village with his daughter, but his skills of a stonemason are still needed for construction of a new mosque. Abgar realizes that this work in the Azerbaijani village will be endless and realizes that he's been trapped. Batman raises the stakes in his war on crime. With the help of Lt. Jim Gordon and District Attorney Harvey Dent, Batman sets out to dismantle the remaining criminal organizations that plague the streets. The partnership proves to be effective, but they soon find themselves prey to a reign of chaos unleashed by a rising criminal mastermind known to the terrified citizens of Gotham as the Joker. Claire, a girl abused and later haunted by her irredeemably evil dad (Dan Michael), who inflicts upon her some truly terrible damage. She, leader of a religious sect, leads a group of people. All live together in a claustrophobic place. The arrival of a mysterious character changes everything. Nomansland is a modern homosexual love story about unconditional love and the importance of forgiveness. It describes the "no man's land" between sexual drive and the desire for love. It is a raw, non-caricatured depiction of the Danish gay underground. An estranged couple's therapy appointment reveals the existence of a hidden world. When guardian angel Seth -- who invisibly watches over the citizens of Los Angeles -- becomes captivated by Maggie, a strong-willed heart surgeon, he ponders trading in his pure, otherworldly existence for a mortal life with his beloved. The couple embarks on a tender but forbidden romance spanning heaven and Earth. Looking for any way to get away from the life and town he was born into, Tripp, a high school senior, builds a Monster Truck from bits and pieces of scrapped cars. After an accident at a nearby oil-drilling site displaces a strange and subterranean creature with a taste and a talent for speed, Tripp may have just found the key to getting out of town and a most unlikely friend. An American artist's obsession with a disturbing urban legend leads her to an investigation of the story's origins at the crumbling estate of a reclusive painter in Ireland. Behind the mask of Mardi Gras, something sinister stalks the streets of New Orleans. Filmed on-location during the final days of Carnival, a group of friends is preyed upon by a mysterious killer. The newly married Elizabeth arrives with her new husband, the scientist Henry, at a magnificent house. He tells her that she can do there anything she pleases, except to enter a certain closed room. A drunk father is telling his son a bedtime story about a group of people spending the night at a haunted prison, where they all take "Devil's Acid". They then start having problems differentiating between reality and the trip. Mateho, an officer of the Inquisition and rational man of science, visits a remote monastery to investigate a bizarre murder of a monk. And you guessed it: something evil is afoot. But is the terror man-made or the result of witchcraft? A pair of embroidered shoes, hidden a death curse, anyone who passed through the embroidered shoes were accidentally killed, no one was spared. An Wen (He Yixuan) was seriously ill and got rid of her husband Pan Hang (Hui Can) and the doctor's care, and fled back to her hometown. An Wen found a pair of embroidered shoes that were circulated and succumbed to death in the old house. The embroidered shoes were worn on her feet, and the death curse on the embroidered shoes was accidentally opened. The curse takes effect and the soul is screaming. The shadows in the old house are everywhere. The evil spirits that can't be riddled go hand in hand, forcing An Wen, who is on the verge of collapse, to make crazy moves and fall into a crisis of sorrow.. A series of mysterious murders happened in a haunted barber house. Was it really supernatural forces or was it actually people behind the murders? From the moment she and her fellow students arrive in the mountain village of Yasaka, Mikoto knows that there is something very wrong with this tiny town. Can it really be true that, for 50 years, not a single girl has been born in this isolated community?  Despite the fact that Mayor Amano and the other all male residents have enthusiastically welcomed her and the other three coeds attending Professor Ashihara's overnight seminar, Mikoto can't shake the sense of increasing dread that consumes her. Something horrible has happened here. Something that is about to happen again. Because the town has been waiting for her. And the other girls. From the pages of the hit online manga published in Web Comic Gamma, the nightmare is about to begin! They thought they were coming to study a mysterious town hidden in the mountains of Japan. Instead, they've discovered that their Professor brought them to Yasaka for a much darker purpose. Now Mikoto and the other girls are trapped in a monstrous nightmare. As the villagers become increasingly more insane, the college students find themselves at the center of arcane rituals focused on blood and rotting flesh. Their only chance is to escape, but their captors are far too numerous and know the lay of the local land far too well. In a dusty post-war summer in rural Warwickshire, a doctor is called to a patient at lonely Hundreds Hall. Home to the Ayres family for over two centuries, the Georgian house is now in decline. But are the Ayreses haunted by something more sinister than a dying way of life? When the initial Cylon attack against the Twelve Colonies fails to achieve complete extermination of human life as planned, twin Number Ones (Cavils) embedded on Galactica and Caprica must improvise to destroy the human survivors. Dabbling in the occult is widespread and often thought of as harmless entertainment. But this video shows why it is dangerous to get involved with spiritism, fortune telling, witchcraft, magic, and Satanism. The program introduces the real life stories of those who have been involved in these activities and shows the way out based upon a Biblical perspective. A Collection of Music Videos and TV Commercials from 1992-98 Forced to play a dangerous game of cat-and-mouse in the chaos of war, an elite Army bomb squad unit must come together in a city where everyone is a potential enemy and every object could be a deadly bomb. No details about this film (other than the name of the writer/director) were released prior to the sold-out premiere screening at Horror-on-Sea in 2016. No plot synopsis, cast list or trailer was issued. The only image released was the teaser poster. Subsequent to the screening, director Pat Higgins physically destroyed both the master copy and the only back-up live on the stage, effectively destroying that version of the film.  Higgins made a new version of the film available to rent through Vimeo On Demand--for only one day-- on Halloween 2017. William Friedkin attends an exorcism with Father Gabriele Amorth, as he treats an Italian woman named Cristina for the ninth time. Prior to filming, Cristina had purportedly been experiencing behavioral changes and "fits" that could not be explained by psychiatry, and which became worse during Christian holidays. Young Youtuber David Baker is invited by Carol, a lonely woman, to investigate supernatural occurrences in her home. But it takes a turn as he slowly uncovers that things aren't what they seem. Four actors go on an audition for a new experimental play in New York City. They had no idea that they would be auditioning for their lives. When director Victor Marx makes this theater of the macabre far too real the four actors find themselves in the middle of his sick game. Find out who will survive the "Theater of Horror". Hundreds of years after humans have settled on Mars, Regulator Rogul and Lord Jens Maul, lead a force of Martians to Earth in order to conquer the planet. Queen Metaphor looks to the gay heroes aboard the spaceship Surprise -- Captain Kork, Mr. Spuck, and first engineer Schrotty The United Kingdom. Soon. Civil war rages. A woman wakes up in a blindingly white cuboid cell. Using its sophisticated functionality, her captor tortures her for information; information she claims not to have - or does she? Plot unknown. Out on a dead calm ocean, in a thick fog, a group of tourists on a pleasure craft are about to cross paths with an ancient and terrible evil. Sharing the same ocean, a sick, dying old Greek man drifts alone on a stricken yacht. The Greek (John Rhys-Davies) has been cheating death for countless years. Trading broken bodies for new ones over centuries. With him he carries a deadly weapon that allows him to do this. This weapon, the Shifting Blade, gives its possessor an awesome power. But now is the time of reckoning. The Ferryman, the ancient conveyor of death and the path to the afterlife is close and he wants the Greek. There is a payment to be made.  A seemingly ordinary dinner party turns from creepy to bloodbath after a demonic beer is opened on the centennial anniversary of the gruesome murders. A troupe of actors hired for a haunted house attraction soon find that they are working in a true house of horror. From Drug abuse, Hate Crimes, Sex, Abuse of authority, Violence and the former Don't ask, Don't tell policy. The Barracks is the place to be. In the middle of night, somewhere in the woods, a group of people to get rid of a little girl who is considered to bring bad luck. They loaded her into a coffin, locked it, and threw it into the middle of the lake, and let it sinking. Thick fog suddenly enveloped the lake followed by a loud scream.  Andrean, Keyla, Boy, Audi, and Joni go to the lake. Andrean says, "This is the best place on earth." They spend the night on the lake shore. Andreas finds a coffin when they swim in the lake, and raise it to the shore. At night, thick fog enveloped their tent. A young man who wants to own a house buys a mansion and moves into it with his extended family not knowing that there is a ghost in the place. Chelios faces a Chinese mobster who has stolen his nearly indestructible heart and replaced it with a battery-powered ticker that requires regular jolts of electricity to keep working. Don Wallace arrives at Slaughterhouse, an elite boarding school in the English countryside where the children of the wealthiest are groomed to dominate society. But the monolithic rules of the British upper class change when greed and recklessness unleash an ancient power hidden for centuries and future predators become helpless prey. The Devil, disguised as an insurance salesman, appears in the suburbs of London. Anthology of horror shorts. In action/comedy "You've Got Murder", homicide detectives are tasked to solve a very different case. The serial killer keeps creating crime scenes that are ridiculously decorated with paints, markings and poems everywhere. The team begin solving the most mysterious murder case of the country, using the most wrong methods. Disgraceful situations, never ending murders and a forbidden love affair among the team mix together, causing everyone to go crazy. A group of people of Indian origin live on an Island which contains a tomb of Shahenshah Chandi Sona which is believed to contain jewelry, diamonds, and gold. Mayur and Rita, stage actor love-birds, plot with Amar to steal this wealth and better their lives. They decide to buy a house from a woman named Mayadevi, and after doing so they decide to make a swimming pool and through that dig a tunnel right underneath the tomb and help themselves to the riches that they find there. They also decide to enlist the help of four jailbirds by dramatically helping them to escape from prison. After the completion of the tunnel, they run into an underground pool of water and enlist the help of undersea divers Bikram and Sharma.  After experiencing a peculiar and sudden breakup with her boyfriend, Elizia discovers a world of conspiracies, strange voices and horrifying visions. Lilith is a about a mysterious young woman in an elite sanitarium in New England, who seems to weave a magical spell all around her. A restless, but sincere young man with an equally obscure past is seemingly drawn into her web. As time passes, their relationship deepens and intensifies, and the differences between them begin to blur, leading to a shocking, but oddly logical conclusion. Wealthy playboy Sandy Benton falls for pretty but decidedly less wealthy neighbor Doris Lawrence. She rebuffs his attentions, but scheming golddigger Estelle has her own plans for Sandy. When Doris hears about Sandy's wild times with Estelle, she sets out to show him that she, too, can be a "modern" woman. In New York City, bright but naive New Englander Anne Welles becomes a secretary at a theatrical law firm, where she falls in love with attorney Lyon Burke. Anne befriends up-and-coming singer Neely O'Hara, whose dynamic talent threatens aging star Helen Lawson and beautiful but talentless actress Jennifer North. The women experience success and failure in love and work, leading to heartbreak, addiction and tragedy. A family-run meat shop struggling to survive stumbles onto the secret of success - and is obliged to keep up with insatiable customer demand. After picking up a traumatized young hitchhiker, five friends find themselves stalked and hunted by a deformed chainsaw-wielding killer and his family of equally psychopathic killers. Tanya is a rich woman who is married to another rich man named Vinod. But their lives change by Vinod's death. Tanya than starts falling in love with a doctor named Akash. But Akash is in love with a woman named Maya and after some time gets married to her. But their marriage does not last long. Because, first Maya leaves him to travel to another part of India to help people who are sick; and then Akash receives news that she is dead. Tanya comes up to console Akash and hopes that he will now love, accept and marry her. But Akash does not do so, as he is still immersed in Maya's memories, and believes that Maya is still alive and calling out to him. Is Akash going out of his mind? A wild animal attacks six medical students on a weekend hike in the woods. One by one, they become infected with a "feral disease," turning them into rabid, bloodthirsty creatures, and the vacation becomes a nightmare as they fight to survive each other. A scheming con artist poses as the innocent babysitter "Amber" to steal from a wealthy occult enthusiast with a reclusive son, Kevin. Her crew arrives to clean out the house just as Kevin stumbles upon a prized artifact and unwittingly summons a trio of witches known as The Three Mothers. The main theme of the movie revolves around four bachelors. The story follows an incident that leads to unforeseen and dramatic changes in their lives Melanie Beck is the only surviving victim of a killer-rapist who wears a Freddy Kruger-esque mask and claw. Despite having seen the killer's face, Beck has blocked it from her memory. Becoming suicidal, she tries to kill herself on the beach but is saved by Axel, another rapist sleazeball who keeps her locked in his hotel room. All this builds to a mind blowing conclusion.  The film is a sequel to Haunted Dormitory: White Paper Girl A cat and mouse chase between a powerful mafioso and a sharp cop, interlaced with a love-story and some comedy. How a Central Intelligence Officer uncovers the truth of a world famous magician and mimic artist is depicted in this 'Love Intelligence Enmity' film. Bloody drama follows the story of a pool party involving five former college sororiety sisters attempting one last weekend blowout. While trying hard to grab onto their fun youth filled past they are faced with what is their troubled divisive present. As they water down their issues with booze and drugs unbeknownst to them an evil lurks around them with murderous convictions. How much carnage will not only their personal resentments cause but will this insidious create? Bloody Drama is a throwback to the great horror films of our past, Halloween, Friday the 13th, and Nightmare on elm street. When Ayush arrives in England to learn music, he is shocked and scared when the manor he is living in becomes haunted by spirits. To exorcise them, he seeks the help of Rose, a woman who can see and speak with them. After an unnatural event leaves mankind nearly extinct, a runaway girl and a rogue bounty hunter brave a dangerous wilderness to find a fabled sanctuary that can either save or destroy what's left of humanity. When a pastor is shaken by the visible faith of a street-corner preacher, he is reminded that true belief always requires action. His response ignites a journey that impacts everyone it touches in ways that only God could orchestrate. Contestants in "The Werewolf Game" have to kill each other to win. These contestants have experience in similar slaughter games. Ranko Takano is one of the participants. She takes part to help a family mired in dept. New positions of "Cupid" and "Lover" are added. A group of military prisoners must fight off a terrorist attack on their prison which, unbeknownst to them, is a cover for a secret drone control facility. Two bit hood Eddie Condon (Kane Richmond) sells babies under the counter. A highly lucrative racket he soon finds out. But when will the police get wise to this highly immoral scheme of his? And will they be able to pin a rap on him before he goes a little too far? ALL IS TOLD in this EXCITING tale of CRIME and CORRUPTION! An old man who works for a landlord brings a young worker to paint the house for him. The old landlord is alcoholic and has a young wife and together they manage a ranch. Little by little ... This is a full-length documentary honoring the life and work of American composer and artist John Cage. Cage is considered one of the most influential composers of the 20th century. This documentary features interviews with various personalities from different fields as they introduce us to the life and work of this great American artist. Set in an alternate reality in which everyone is a cliche from a tacky soft-core porn film, a group of increasingly self-aware stock characters are up against a mysterious killer offing them one by one. The main character is stricken with a horrible disease, but it doesn't affect him. It spreads to every inamimate object that he touches, and then if another person touches the object, they are dissolved into it. No one knows that Jake is the carrier except him. This brings about the "red objects" that specify every object that he has touched, as discovered by the community with cats. They use cats to test inanimate objects for the disease. And they cover themselves in garbage bags to protect themselves. Then they discover that Jake is the carrier and they chase him around... Add a Plot. A thief is caught up in a deadly game of cat-and-mouse between a maverick cop and London crime boss. On the night of November 13th, 1974, Ronald DeFeo Jr. took a high powered rifle and murdered his entire family as they slept. At his trial, DeFeo claimed that 'voices' in the house commanded him to kill. This is their story. The shocking story of Joel Rifkin, a troubled young man whose hidden fantasies of power and control combined with his obsessive dedication to prostitutes led him to embark on one of the New York area's most notorious murder sprees, claiming seventeen victims in the late eighties and early nineties. A rap group on the verge of signing their first record deal is the city's only hope in a battle with a giant mutating snake monster. After a disease kills 98% of America's children, the surviving 2% develop superpowers and are placed in internment camps. A 16-year-old girl escapes her camp and joins a group of other teens on the run from the government. Veronica and Anthony spend their honeymoon in a rental house located in a quiet town near the beach; when strange occurrences begin they soon discover the house is not what it seems, and the terror that truly awaits them. A damaged young woman is looking forward to moving to a beautiful new home, but the spirit of a deranged nun wants her to stay right where she is. A horror anthology centered around the phenomenon of the "Kilroy Was Here" graffiti. The Shadow Mountains, 1983. Red and Mandy lead a loving and peaceful existence; but when their pine-scented haven is savagely destroyed, Red is catapulted into a phantasmagoric journey filled with bloody vengeance and laced with fire. Mary takes over her friend's babysitting job on Christmas Eve, but something more than yuletide spirit is loose in the house... Yukiko, a member of a movie study group, follows the rumor of a ghost that inhabits an abandoned movie theater with two of her study group cohorts, Shinoda and Imamura, in order to film the ghost of an actress roams there. After she watch an old film, strange things begin to happen around her. When Shinoda goes missing, she goes back to the theater to find the truth of the place, despite her fear. Despite his family's baffling generations-old ban on music, Miguel dreams of becoming an accomplished musician like his idol, Ernesto de la Cruz. Desperate to prove his talent, Miguel finds himself in the stunning and colorful Land of the Dead following a mysterious chain of events. Along the way, he meets charming trickster Hector, and together, they set off on an extraordinary journey to unlock the real story behind Miguel's family history. The Passing of the Armoured Train - A large group of British soldiers are seen digging entrenchment's under the supervision of officers. A brief second shot shows an armoured train going past. The first film of British troops at the front taken during the war.   Will millennials find a way to survive the apocalypse? No, but they'll definitely tweet about it. When the zombie apocalypse hits the popular vlogger Katie's college party, a small group of survivors decide to record the events. They have to deal with zombie would-be-invaders, demonic influences, nighttime terrors, party crashers, and worst of all - each other. A young woman grieving the loss of her mother, a famous scream queen from the 1980s, finds herself pulled into the world of her mom's most famous movie. Reunited, the women must fight off the film's maniacal killer. An homage to the action films of the early 1980s, Cherry Bomb follows a young dancer and her quest for revenge against the group of men that brutally assaulted her. Seeing no justice coming from within the system Cherry enlists the help of her estranged older brother and some heavy firepower as the two siblings set out on a reckless revenge mission. Things start to spiral out of control when a mysterious hit man named Bull is hired to put an end to Cherry's bloody tirade. She soon realizes that there is more at stake than she ever imagined. Hyderabad and its old city, One Story that explores 3 people lives in the extremities of human behavior involving social and economical distress. A fight between myths, integrity and characters.  Following the death of his mother, J finds himself living with his estranged family, under the watchful eye of his doting grandmother, Smurf, mother to the Cody boys. J quickly comes to believe that he is a player in this world. But, as he soon discovers, this world is far larger and more menacing than he could ever imagine. J finds himself at the center of a cold-blooded revenge plot that turns the family upside down. The Acid Sorcerer is a dark and nihilistic horror film that borders between fiction and reality. The introduces the viewer to a serial killer, a drug addicted couple, a sadistic drug dealer, a cross dressing snuff filmmaker and a prostitute who has HIV. The characters embrace their inner darkness, struggle with morality, come to terms with their mortality and ultimately meet their demise. 'Mary Boyle: The Untold Story' reveals shocking new evidence about the case of Ireland's youngest and longest missing person. Mary was six years old when she vanished on her grandparents' remote farm in Donegal in March 1977 while in the company of her uncle Gerry Gallagher.  The documentary contains disturbing allegations by a number of retired senior police officers that a local politician interfered in the case, ordering that the chief suspect not be arrested. He never has been and still lives in Donegal today.  The documentary, written and directed by Gemma O'Doherty, has won several international awards and has been viewed almost 1 million times on YouTube. It led to public outcry in Ireland with marches and vigils held around the country demanding justice for Mary. A new police review of the case was ordered within days of the film's release but the suspect remains at large and Mary's body has yet to be returned to her identical twin sister Ann for burial. Sadie, a young female novelist, and an enigmatic woman named Francesca, are enticed by an ex-lover to join him at his Italian villa for a weekend celebration being held to honor the release of Sadie's latest book. Once there, Sadie begins to fear his true intentions as she and Francesca become embroiled in a dangerous game of moral and sexual discovery. Kamilla, a young Danish girl leaves for Las Vegas to get married. During the ceremony she changes her mind and runs away. She is picked up by Rock, a 40 year-old loner on a motorcycle. A meeting with Rock's aunt sends them in pursuit of Rock's father. During the trip, Rock has been carrying a mysterious package, and shortly before arriving in Seattle, Kamilla discovers what the package contains... Absurdity and gore ensue as a possessed pile of clay begins terrorizing students at an art school. Workaholic Jim Evers and his wife/business partner, Sara get a call one night from mansion owner, Edward Gracey wants to sell his house. Once the Evers family arrive at the mansion a butler takes them to dine with Gracey. Gracey takes one look at Sara and he thinks she's his lost lover.  Two voyeuristic nerds are hacking the devices of people as they themselves are hacked by the feed from story tellers Mister Malevolent (Danny Trejo) and Mystic Woman (Nichelle Nichols) who have seven moralistic horror stories to tell. Thomas is turning 16. His dad's in the army and they've just moved to a town in New South Wales; his mom is pregnant; his older brother, Charlie, who's autistic, has his own adolescent sexual issues. Thomas finds Charlie an embarrassment in public, so when Thomas is attracted to Jackie, a girl in his swim class, Charlie presents any number of obstacles when she drops by their house, when the three of them go for a walk, and during a family birthday dinner. Can Thomas find a way to enter the world of teen romance and still be his brother's keeper, or is Charlie's disability going to prove more than Thomas can handle? Four friends accompany the man who saved them to his house, only to discover that his wife could be a ghost! Kung fu fightin' vs. city corruption. Plus, Fred Williamson! Another grab bag of horror shorts tossed together into an anthology package. As a means to distract herself from an affair, a love-addicted woman befriends a cleaning lady, badly scarred by burns. She soon learns, these scars run much deeper than the surface.  Long version of Jon Knautz short movie. After the events in the previous film, Secret Service agent Mike Banning finds himself framed for an assassination attempt on the President. Pursued by his own agency and the FBI, Banning races to clear his name and uncover the real terrorist threat which has set its sights on Air Force One. A story of the Jangsan Tiger, who mimics human voices to lure them close, and a family affected by the creature. Four teenagers on a road trip decide to take a detour and find them selves at at haunted house halloween scream park deep in the woods of southern Kentucky. After witnessing an assortment of torture and gore. they start wondering if what they are experiencing is not a little too realistic. Before they know it each one of hem is captured and made part of the horrific attraction they originally thought was all fun and games. A selfish filmmaker fails at creating the cutting edge freedom of speech documentary he had envisioned and inadvertently unleashes holy hell from a 500 pound comedian on the verge of a nervous breakdown. A big fat dose of nightmare fuel for the politically correct! Zoilo Cajigas y Sotomayor is a carver of wooden models of saints. Don Zoilo is one of Puerto Rico's best-known artisans and was 96 years old at the time of the filming. The film shows the elaborate process behind his craftsmanship. Sammy and Rosie are an unconventional middle-class London married couple. They live in the midst of inner-city chaos, surround themselves with intellectual street people, and sleep with everybody - except each other! Things become interesting when Sammy's father, Raffi, who is a former Indian government minister, comes to London for a visit. Sammy, Rosie, and Raffi try to find meaning through their lives and loves. Ustaz Adam has to help a friend whose village is corrupted by a group of misguided religionists lead by a sinister sorcerer. To make matter worse, Adam himself is also being mysteriously haunted by evil apparitions that keeps disturbing him from time to time. Grindsploitation 4 is going to be nastier than ever, more shocking, more gore, more blood. Killer faux grindhouse film trailers a homage to the video nasty era of films. What if you had to wake up on the same day over and over? What if that day was the day your family was murdered? Could you stop it? Special Agent Alexander Connor is sent to investigate a house, from which a woman named Sandra has made numerous 911 calls. Things become more complicated than expected for Agent Connor, as he finds he must also rescue a police officer who responded to the home 24 hours earlier. Soon, Agent Connor will discover a horrifying secret; that Sandra is one of LUMEN CORPORATION's donors and has devoted her house to the corporation; a house which has been turned into a research lab for atrocious experiments performed on human beings. Sach and the gang (Bowery Boys) find stashed cash in an old farmhouse apparently haunted. Stephen King's take on the masterpiece series by Lars von Trier. The story takes place in a hospital in Lewiston, Maine, built on the site of a Civil War-era mill fire in which many children died. Recovering from the trauma of being kidnapped last Halloween by the Blue Skeleton - a group who take "extreme haunt" to another level - five friends decide they must face their fears in order to move on. Heading back out on the road to visit more haunted house attractions, signs of the Blue Skeleton start appearing again and a new terror begins. A Military squad without a command and band of survivors group together in hopes of finding salvation. An astronaut goes into space with a chimpanzee. When they return to Earth after their orbit, it is discovered that the chimp has the brains of the astronaut, and the astronaut has the brains of the chimp. Complications ensue. When their city is rocked by a series of brutal occult murders, veteran detective John Locke and his young partner Terri Keyes are forced to put aside their differences and follow the trail of evidence to a formerly abandoned asylum, where the new owner Dr Unnseine is conducting his own brand of Nazi-inspired "medical research" on the unwilling inmates. One such inmate, the sexy but deadly Annie Dyer, may hold the key to the murders - and to the doorway to Hell itself - if only Locke and Keyes can stay alive long enough to discover what it is. Join John Polonia and Matt Satterly as they head to the shore for a few days of booze and babes! Little do they know a sadistic killer with a sharp knife is tagging along, leaving a trail of bodies in his wake. What is the terrible secret behind all the slayings? A haunted mansion amidst Kingini Nagar Housing Colony is converted into a police station. Ghosts in the mansion get provoked by the intrusion of the police. To overcome the horrible night duties, cops take the help of Babu, an outlaw yet sincere guy. Will Babu and his gang be able to solve the mystery behind the haunted mansion? Seven female directors present seven short films. Majestic mountains, a still lake and venomous betrayals engulf a female married couple attempting to celebrate their one-year anniversary. A man loses his girlfriend after a mysterious event. As he begins to try to find her he realizes that there are sinister things going on in his town. Eventually he is forced to fight a legion of vampire girls led by a crazy Nazi doctor. A lady cop who moves into a small town gets drawn to a case that involves a girl that's possessed by an evil spirit. Bella & Rama once again have to save their family from evil spirits that haunted them. After the death of Rini's mother, something is disturbing her family. Three students embark on their end of year Media Studies project unaware of the horrific and unspeakable fate that awaits them. What starts as a seemingly simple mystery soon turns into a claustrophobic and hellish nightmare.  An unofficial sequel to Streets of Fire, this movie follows an older, grizzled and despondent Cody as he clashes with killers while trying to reconnect with his first love who may hold his redemption. While attending a party at James Franco's house, Seth Rogen, Jay Baruchel and many other celebrities are faced with the apocalypse. It's Halloween night, and two "bad apples" decide to play some wicked tricks on the one house in a suburban cul-de-sac that is not celebrating Halloween. They terrorize a young couple in their home and these tricks become increasingly more sinister as the night progresses, finally ending in a Halloween the entire neighborhood will never forget. American college students head to the jungles of Vietnam to search for lost gold. They become hopelessly lost, and they may not be alone. Hochelaga, 2048. It's been over 20 years since Quebec finally gained independence through the efforts of a movement led by the powerful Charles Maurice. His eventual rise to Prime Minister, however, may not have been all that legal. This major political upheaval will shake up the social classes and bring out demonic creatures that attack the population. One man will become the beacon of peace amongst the chaos overtaking this new country. That man is Zach, Charles Maurice's son, an irresponsible bum who becomes the leader of an elite team, whose mission is to re-establish peace between the ninjas, punks and rat-people who are trying to survive this zombie infestation. While Death walks the earth collecting souls, her granddaughter Winona can't be bothered carrying on the family business. After a failed marriage, Richard is in search of his daughter Mindy. He meets Sasha, an aspiring actress who promises to help him. But the hope to get some quick cash by performing in a 24 hours play soon turns out to be a bloody game. Lowriders vs. Zombies from Space is a comedic Sci-Fi/Horror film set in the city of San Antonio, TX. It is in the style of the classical 80s-90s "B" low budget movies of that era with a modern take. The story follows a group of friends and lowriders throughout the day as they prepare to go to a dance that night. During the dance a strange alien substance is introduced and infects several people turning them into alien zombies. After that all hell breaks loose inside and outside of the dance hall. Lowriders must survive the vicious attack of these alien zombies using their resources, the cars. A young woman uses her body and her sexuality to help her climb the social ladder, but soon begins to wonder if her new status will ever bring her happiness.  Abducted teen Moe Koike is thrust into the Werewolf Game, where a role playing fight to the death plays out with nine other unfortunate souls. A bullied young boy befriends a young female vampire who lives in secrecy with her guardian.  A remake of the movie "Let The Right One In" which was an adaptation of a book. A young couple become stranded in the woods where they encounter a werewolf and a house of horrors. Hitch, the most popular Rideshare app, has created safe rides for millions. At least, that's what they want you to think. It was only a matter of time before the story went public. The story of that one night. That one, horrific night. Nick is haunted by night terrors stemming from a tragic murder he saw when he was young. After inheriting an old toy shop, he discovers a cursed elf doll sealed inside an ancient chest with a naughty list of his family's names written on it. He soon discovers that the elf was an evil conduit meant to unleash a supernatural killing spree during the Christmas Holidays by whomever set it free. The greatest collection of current underground movie trailers around! What do you do when you are two young hot transgenders with nothing to do on Halloween? You accepted an initiation to a private swingers ball. Clad only in lingerie eight strangers gather for a nightt of sex, drugs, booze and of course murder. Unknown to the attendees their separate fates are all entwined when more than one serial killer stalks the errie halls looking for bloody revenge. A group of friends sneak into an abandoned prison with the intention of making a ghost hunting video, until they start to go missing one by one. After Mitch moves into his brother's house, a series of murders take place. Additionally, he begins hearing noises from the attic... A Nazi doctor, along with the Sonderkomando Jews - who are forced to work in the crematoria of Auschwitz against their fellow-Jews - find themselves in a moral grey zone. Mon Island, Denmark. Sonja asks Anna, an aspiring singer, to visit her childhood friend Julie, Sonja's daughter, who is obsessed with an ancient myth. Anna tries to cheer Julie up and convince her to give up her fantasies. (Remake of the short film "Sombra," 2017.) A pet cat become a household horror when it transform into a monster everyday at 12.06 midnight Headshots is a film-within-a-film directed in-character by Ingrid Veninger as Ruby White. Taken from Veninger's third feature, i am a good person / i am a bad person. Office misfit Darlene Henderson, AKA "Kitty", takes her cat obsession to perverted and supernatural places, dragging her hapless co-workers John and Janine down dark and feral alleyways of murder and lust. Coming Soon A woman is involuntarily committed to a mental institution where she is confronted by her greatest fear. Monica, a big internet celebrity (aka idol) hangs herself live on her video channel. A year later idols start dying in horribly. All were tagged in Monica's last video, including Sa, a former idol-turned-beauty entrepreneur. Sa's boyfriend Jak investigates. All clues point to Sa's new facial cream. Des is a Vlogger, desperate to increase the number of views on her Vlog and generate sales of her homemade jewelry. When she begins a new friendship with a publicist named Melissa, she starts to see the increase in traffic she's been hoping for. But when Melissa's plans to increase the views even more start taking dark turns, Des must decide how far she is willing to go to be Vlog Worthy. The story follows Nozaki Haruka, a middle school student who transfers to a new school in a small town because of her father's work. Unfortunately, she becomes a victim of horrific bullying, but since the school will be closing in 2 months after graduation, no one is willing to help her. Tired of the online dating world, a hopeful woman decides to give it one last try with a mysterious stranger who shares her love for scary films. After an exorcism goes horribly wrong a team from a shadowy religious order must determine who among them the demon has possessed, or all their lives are forfeit. You'll never look at a statue of the Virgin Mary the same way again. Based on the assertion that divine apparitions aren't what they always appear to be, Vesuvius is an interesting take on the psychopath with Catholicism smacked against the background. Gio Alvarez provides a convincing portrayal of a madman, and people can even argue if this short inclines toward the supernatural or the psychological. Whereas Grave Torture uses darkness impeccably, Vesuvius plays with light so well. In an abandoned psychiatric hospital, a theatre group experiments with insomnia for the preparation of a stage play. With the passage of days without sleep, they reach new thresholds of perception that expose them to the secrets of the place and the energies that inhabit it. When Bianca, a young, promising actress, joins the cast, competing for the lead role, she must survive not only the intensity of the work and her cast mates, but the unknown force that is pulling them towards a tragic outcome. After losing her father, a girl takes up the responsibility of her mother. She then moves to the city in search of a job. Upon getting the job, her job takes her to a bungalow, where she is subject to a series of horrible situations. 50 Cent stars as gifted college running back Deon in this touching drama. Deon's world turns upside down when an unexpected crisis jeopardizes his professional ambitions -- and causes him to look at himself and his life in a new way. An evil Mermaid falls in love with Marina's fiance Roman and aims to keep him away from Marina in her Kingdom of Death under water. The Mermaid is a young woman who drowned a few centuries ago. Marina only has one week to overcome her fear of the dark water, to remain human in the deathly fight with the monsters and not to become one herself. A dinner party turns deadly when a group of friends is trapped inside of their house after a massive alien invasion threatens to take over the world. Things take a turn for the worse when they discover that the chemical the military is using to destroy the aliens is also turning humans into zombie-like savages. Now the group must band together and try to survive the night... if they don't kill each other first. From the guys that brought you Napoleon Dynamite comes this hilarious Napoleon-topping award-winning comedy. Super-nerdy Gavin Gore and his friends stumble on some huge footprints in the woods. A local cop, reporter and a renowned Sasquatch authority investigate, while two of Gavin's stoner neighbours hatch a scheme to profit from the situation Amanda Wingfield dominates her children with her faded gentility and exaggerated tales of her Southern belle past. Her son plans escape; her daughter withdraws into a dream world. When a "gentleman caller" appears, things move to crisis point. Demoniac, an ages-old evil, becomes entranced with a beautiful artist and when he takes her captive, a professor must risk everything to find the woman before time runs out for her. Alice's boyfriend Frank is a Scotland Yard detective who seems more interested in police work than in her. When she agrees to go out with another man, he attacks her and she defends herself and kills him. When the body is discovered, Frank is assigned to the case. He quickly discovers that Alice is the killer, but so has someone else, and they are threatening blackmail. On a US nuclear missile sub, a young first officer stages a mutiny to prevent his trigger happy captain from launching his missiles before confirming his orders to do so. A murderous shapeshifter sets out on a blood-soaked mission to make things right with the woman he loves. It's Halloween and time for some campfire stories, but these tales of monsters, ghosts and slashers come to life and the terror begins for a group that find out that there is a bag of tricks waiting. Satan demands worship but now he demands a meat cleaver massacre. A town under the control of the devil and a mystery killer on the loose leads to shock after shock. Two American tourists in England are attacked by a werewolf that none of the locals will admit exists.  Fans flock to a festival celebrating the most iconic horror movies, only to discover that the charismatic showman behind the event has a diabolical agenda. As attendees start dying off, three teenagers with more horror-film wits than real-world knowledge must band together and battle through every madman, monstrosity, and terrifying scenario if they have any hope of surviving. Group of Youtubers enter an abandoned surgery ward for 24-hour challenge, hoping to go viral. They will soon learn that they're not welcome. Catalogue Vol. 6 was shot using a furniture catalogue while audio clips from a horror movie that mention the word "house" or names of rooms, or parts of the house, such as "upstairs," played in the studio so that each shot acquired a random soundtrack. The  lm clips were then organized as a "tour" through the rooms of a house: foyer, living room, dining room, kitchen, study, bath, ending at the bedroom. A straight wrestling coach finds himself smitten with one of his gay students. A student whose life may soon be in danger. Meanwhile a deranged cemetery worker is infatuated with someone of his own. Someone he can never have....alive! Their stories become entangled in this featurization of the short film "The Caretaker Of Cook County" Adult film sensation Grayson Lange stars with newcomer Daniel Jensen, in his first gay erotic scenes, on or off camera! Also starring Babaloo favorite Addison Graham and Harper Stevenson. This Mystery/Horror film is Written and Directed by Steven Vasquez Drawing Dead is a documentary film about the highs and lows of online poker from two very different perspectives: a professional poker player worth millions, and a gambling addict. Eight fables where consciousness, falsehood, nostalgia and fantasy are distributed into emotions and human sensations, exposing their souls before us. In an attempt to piece together fractured memories of a drug-fueled night in the woods, three friends confront guilt, jealousy, and a supernatural presence that threatens to expose their true natures. In 1980 young George O'Dowd baffles his parents with his love of frocks and make-up and moves into a squat with kindred spirit Peter, who dresses as Marilyn Monroe and calls himself Marilyn. They make a splash at Steve Strange's trendy Blitz Club where George gets a job in the cloakroom but George is unlucky in his relationships with men until he meets wannabe musician Kirk. Through Kirk George meets the handsome drummer Jon Moss, on whom he develops a crush, but sacked by the Blitz and spurned by Kirk, George turns to Sex Pistols' manager Malcolm McLaren to further his music career. George's spell with McLaren's group Bow Wow Wow is short but fan Mikey North is impressed and asks George to sing in a group he is forming, where George again meets Jon. They will have an affair and the group will become the very successful Culture Club. Four years later, however, hounded by the tabloid press amid stories of his drug addiction, an unhappy George turns to Jon for advice on his future. The kingdom is in a festive mood as everyone gathers for the royal wedding of Rapunzel and Flynn. However, when Pascal and Maximus, as flower chameleon and ring bearer, respectively, lose the gold bands, a frenzied search and recovery mission gets underway. As the desperate duo tries to find the rings before anyone discovers that they're missing, they leave behind a trail of comical chaos that includes flying lanterns, a flock of doves, a wine barrel barricade and a very sticky finale. Will Maximus and Pascal save the day and make it to the church in time? And will they ever get Flynn's nose right?   A group of criminals stumble upon a lodge after a bank heist. As they hold the owners hostage and plan their next move they encounter an evil in the woods that is hungry and will stop at nothing to feed on their flesh. Pete Ivey (Jason Dolley) is the type of guy who's easily overlooked in the school halls -- unlike his boisterous best friend, Cleatus Poole (Mitchel Musso), who's proudly carrying on the family tradition of spreading school spirit as the spirited Brewster High chicken. But when the costume prompts an allergy attack, Poole begs Pete to take his place at center court; the resulting anonymity frees Pete to discover his inner star. Trouble is, it's Poole who's getting all the attention from fans, who think he's the one behind the mask. Meanwhile, Pete's attempts to get noticed by pretty new girl Angela (Josie Loren) are complicated by the fact that she's also entranced with the mysterious man in the chicken suit. In the end, Pete must decide whether facing the possibility of rejection is worth revealing himself for what -- and who -- he really is. Set during the last days of the Ottoman Empire, a love triangle develops between Mikael, a brilliant medical student, the beautiful and sophisticated artist Ana, and Chris, a renowned American journalist based in Paris. Following a virus that took the lives of most of the population, John and Micheal have spent their days trying to survive and make sense of their new world. But when they meet the mysterious Karina, who has knowledge of the outside world, their friendship and everything they once knew about the virus and each other will be tested. The friends Emmett, Freddy, Marie, Kevin and his reluctant girlfriend Jessie decide to spend the Halloween night in an abandoned hospital. Meanwhile, the younger Allan meets the old friend of his father Arlo Ray Baines and asks him to help to find his vanished sister Meg in the same spot. The two groups meet each other in the mental institution section on the haunted third floor. Mallister takes Thane prisoner and forces Marek and her team on a quest.  Marek tracks down the Necromancer for a final showdown for the Darkspore. Two gangsters kidnap a psychic to find out where the man they murdered buried the loot. Florence and Vincent Leroy are a model couple. They have great jobs, a perfect marriage and delightful children. And now they want their divorce to be an equal success. But when they are both simultaneously promoted to their dream jobs, their relationship becomes a nightmare. From that moment on, the gloves are off, the two exes declare war and will do everything in their power to NOT have custody of their children. Insecta is a video-art that manifests the pain, the fear, the meaningless form of our existence and reveals our sad and strange search of individuality. A rare astronomical event causes a permanent worldwide black out, forcing residents of a middle-class suburb to get by with no modern conveniences. The community pulls together and adapts to a simpler way of life, but their success draws the attention of the less resourceful residents in the area and soon results in a war between subdivisions. This is their story. Written by Anonymous  A catastrophic solar flare plunges Earth into global darkness. As society teeters on the edge of total anarchy the President and top government officials are swept away to a Cold War bunker in search of a solution. While the politicians fight insanity and each other, a group of middle-class suburbanites take survival into their own hands. With bullets and seeds, this neighborhood of schoolteachers and businessmen transform themselves into a village of self-sustaining warriors. Can they hold on until power is restored, or will they fall to the starving masses? A female scientist performs experiments on three college girls that turn them into drooling, murderous mutants. RAMEKIN tells the story of Emily (Jamie Saunders), a college girl in New York City coming to live in the spacious Upper West Side apartment of her recently-deceased grandmother. There she encounters a little white porcelain cup that slowly begins to control her life and demand the unthinkable. The Indian descendent Sean comes to a forest with his friends Josh and Flipp trying to find the track to a mysterious cursed tree and a secret burial ground. A lazy thirty-something is happy to sit out the zombie apocalypse in his fortified suburban abode, until his wife acts on a more pragmatic strategy for survival, forcing him to become the zombie killer he was trying to avoid. Due to financial problems, Yilmaz family moves in their grandmother Saadet's house. But Saadet is not living alone as known. Saadet's old house, which is also a tomb of her deceased husband, is inhabited by beings from another dimension. And this beings don't want anyone in the house, but Saadet.  When the owner of a Yorkshire coal-mine decides to mechanize to increase profits, the mine's pit ponies are scheduled to be destroyed. So, three children plan to steal them to keep them safe. But when they're caught, it's up to the mine owners and the miners themselves to decide what's right About a group of well-meaning students whose obsession with the abandoned animal-testing facility, known and feared as "the monkey farm," could end up costing them everything. A minister, Father Michael, and his wife, Renae, are taking a road trip and end up in a bad car accident. Father Michael wakes up to find out he crashed into a tree and his wife Renae is gone. His journey into a small vacant town results in a great conspiracy involving an artifact known to Bible scholars at the throne of Satan. Two girls are driving home when their car breaks down in the country. They are kidnapped by a gang of drug-crazed hippies, and repeatedly raped. They escape, but soon run into a death cult who plan to gang-rape the girls, then kill them. Meanwhile, the father of one of the girls gets the police to begin an investigation into their disappearance. Strange and scary things start to happen after three young people spend a night on abandoned ship. Sophie's 18th birthday becomes a bloodbath when monsters descend upon her house, devouring the guests and killing anyone who tries to leave. To survive the night, Sophie must face her destiny: monsters are real and she's the only one who can stop them. A man, who years earlier mysteriously abandoned his family and isolated himself in a small northern town, returns for one last chance to reconnect with his troubled daughter. When she goes missing, he risks everything to find her, including exposing the fact that he is becoming invisible. In the Korean Classic Horror Movie, A Public Cemetery of Wolha 1967, the tombstone of the kisaeng (Korean geisha) Wol-ha, who dies under a false accusation, is found! Set in the 1930s when Korea was under Japanese rule, a story was told about a girl, Wolhyang. She goes from a student to a kisaeng (Korean geisha) to a wife of a bourgeois man and is finally killed under a false accusation. This is a well-known story in Korea from the Korean classic horror movie, A Public Cemetery of Wolha. The movie, Wol-ha 2017, starts with a setting, where the tombstone of Wol-ha is found by an international collector and the whole process of finding the tomb of Kisaeng Wolhyang is recorded by video. The footages are fully of the mysterious and the grotesque...! No overview found. When aspiring model Jesse moves to Los Angeles, her youth and vitality are devoured by a group of beauty-obsessed women who will take any means necessary to get what she has. An NRI enlists the help of his cop-friend to sell off his ancestral home, but later hears rumours of it being haunted. Unwilling to let go of the property at a throwaway price, he asks a team of four quirky guys to spend a night in the house and prove that it isn't a ghost den. Patti Petalson is a promising writer, but her marriage and conventional job keep her from her dream. She longs to return to her writing, especially after running into her first love Brian Callahan, a successful crime novelist. Kate is Patti's best friend since college; she's a tough-talking schoolteacher who plays therapist to all Patti's problems, while she's got a few of her own. In the world of corporate espionage anything can happen. A few years ago, international hackers cracked sensitive encryptions on a film studio's servers. These "unauthorized users" leaked the previous unreleased collection of horror films onto the dark web. For the first time, these hacked horror films are available to the public because of a court order. Experimental take on Bram Stoker's Dracula, set against a warm South American landscape, wherein the vampire Count preys on a number of young lovers, ... Tyler is a surfer who constantly searches for good surfing spots. When he's traveling through Mexico, he finds one of the best places he has ever seen. He invites his brother Colin to join him and his friends in surfing the wild Mexican waves. Colin gathers 4 friends and leaves for Mexico but is surprised that nor his brother nor his brother's friends are there. They start realizing that there's something wrong with the beach, a curse that says that no one will leave the beach alive... The life of a young Jesuit seminarian is turned upside down when he falls in love with a young woman while working as a volunteer at a soup kitchen.  A mother and her 8 year old son struggle to survive in a bomb shelter after an unnamed apocalypse. THOT's, Thugs, and THC. Its just another day in the hood until a new gang rolls into town and shoots up the wrong G. Now, after a botched science experiment, a FrankenThung has risen to seek revenge on the gang that killed him. A platypus mates with an opossum and wreaks havoc on local humanity. Kris is a homicide cop with psychic abilities. She works to prove that the prime suspect in her latest case (the much younger husband of the millionaire victim) is innocent. But are her visions true, or planned by someone who knows what she can see? Dark Shade Creek 3: Trail to Hell A gang of manipulative vixens are sent to earth from the occult world to wreak havoc and destroy souls, but Alvina, a gifted young girl uses her supernatural powers to wage a spiritual warfare against them. Based on a true story. . . . In the late 1940s, Martha Beck and Raymond Fernandez were America's notorious "Lonely Hearts Killers." Their lethal scam was simple; they would swindle and then viciously murder lovelorn war widows who would answer their personal ads in which Ray would describe himself as a sexy Latin lover. tells the story of a group of young people who love high-powered motor and loves traveling cross-country. Their group name is Rentaz. When in a convoy to Betong Siam, they were taken to the underworld or hallucinations in the coma. A young girl wakes up with no memory of the past few days, and finds herself being stalked by a mysterious entity. Teenagers are dying in their sleep, apparently from fright, the night before they have dentist appointments. A young teen elicits the help of his older brother to help him investigate the deaths, but soon find themselves in deep peril at the hands of a mad doctor and dentist. An ex-soldier with a criminal past takes refuge in the woods. A demonic figure seeks the seed of killers and the blood of the damned to feed his mandrake garden. DIS is an infernal descent into the root of the mandrake legend and a man who wanders too close to that legend and the unnamable terror behind it. What you sow you will reap. New hidden-camera comedy dvd, even better than the first. See comics Jim Florentine, Don Jamieson, Jim Norton, Rev. Bob Levy, Club Soda Kenny and their band of hilarious predators screwing with their unsuspecting victims. Mickey seeks shelter from a storm in a house that turns out to be haunted.The skeletons command him to play the organ; they dance and play along. The Black Death is ravaging Spain. As Camille Saint-Saens's "Danse Macabre" plays on the soundtrack, a mix of animation and acted scenes tells the story of Youth and Love meeting one night. They dance, embrace, and kiss. As the night wears on, exuberant Death, a skeletal figure with a violin, pursues the couple. They try to elude him. Eventually, Love swoons. Youth is powerless to protect her. Is she doomed? Ten-year-old Justin finds himself hitching a ride with two kidnappers when he climbs aboard the wrong van -- thinking it's his family's vehicle -- and gets separated from his parents. When the bumbling crooks hatch a plan to nab a business tycoon's daughter, Justin finds his only recourse is to save the girl while making his escape. A petty thief posing as an actor is brought to Los Angeles for an unlikely audition and finds himself in the middle of a murder investigation along with his high school dream girl and a detective who's been training him for his upcoming role... Inspired by true events, The Devils Tree follows Samantha, a college student studying journalism, who needs to finish her thesis with one last breaking news story. Along with her friend Rob, Samantha stumbles across a news article about an old tree in a local park where many horrible acts occurred. The locals have given the tree the name Devils Tree because of its urban legends of mass murders, satanic rituals, and paranormal activity. She decides this is the perfect story to finish her thesis on. As Sam digs deeper into the realm of the tree, she begins to uncover the truth about these urban legends. Struggling with her own demons of her past, Samantha is confronted with a the true demon of the tree and now must expose the truth in hopes to set it free. In the end, Samantha founds the real reason why evil is so rooted at The Devils Tree. Marked by an intense hypnotic dimension, HYPNAGOGIA amplifies geophysical forces and propels telluric powers. The experience is an ontological fire, a cerebral blast of volcanic sensuality. When five college pals return to rural Wisconsin for their estranged friend's funeral, what begins as an uneasy reunion becomes a terrifying fight for survival. Kate attends her estranged sister's bachelorette party at the request of their dying father. The weekend, held at a remote cabin booked on a home sharing app, turns into a savage life-or-death struggle that pits family against family, and past against present. This story revolves around Tamil and Srgnt. Kumar saving a family from a shaman (Tinaya). Both of them faced lots of hassles and danger while protecting them. The dark legend of the young woman Albrun and her struggle to preserve her own sanity, and tries to explore the fine line between ancient magic, faith and madness at a time when pagan beliefs in witches and nature spirits spread fear and terror in the minds of the rural population. A tired and restless young man vacations at a Caribbean resort. Noticing that he is the only young male among the aged tourists, he finds that the resort has a dark prehistoric secret. He spends his time trying to convince the other tourists of his plight to no avail. His paranoia and imagination lead to his personal awakening. Two rival "brothers-in-law" make a bet that they can stop smoking for 2 weeks. But, it's just not that easy... What would you do if you had not 1, but 2 dead hookers in your hotel room...and your wife waiting on you for dinner? Everyone has choices. Bill has to start making them, and making them quick before the whole world finds out about the Dead Bodies in #223. In this film a lone figure wanders through a mysterious wilderness while hounded by spectres and unseen forces. This is a solitary journey, a path of exile and hardship that leads beyond the abyss to where reality loses its mask of concreteness and shows its true fluid face. John Ennis follows the money in elections to piece together the cycle of pay-to-play politics. A woman comes to New York City from Ohio to escape an abusive husband and gets entangled with murderous female vigilantes who prey on abusive men. A middle-aged professor's young bride and his assistant plan to commit a double murder disguised as a "Crime Passionel", but discover too late that one of their intended victims has become a fellow conspirator. When Jay and Annie first got together, their romantic connection was intense - but ten years and two kids later, the flame of their love needs a spark.  To kick things up a notch, they decide - why not? - to make a video of themselves trying out every position in The Joy of Sex in one marathon three-hour session.  It seems like a great idea - until they discover that their most private video is no longer private.  With their reputations on the line, they know they're just one click away from being laid bare to the world... but as their race to reclaim their video leads to a night they'll never forget, they'll find that their video will expose even more than they bargained for. Gunslinger Jonah Hex (Josh Brolin) is appointed by President Ulysses Grant to track down terrorist Quentin Turnbull (John Malkovich), a former Confederate officer determined on unleashing hell on earth. Jonah not only secures freedom by accepting this task, he also gets revenge on the man who slayed his wife and child. Megan Fox plays a prostitute as well as Jonah Hex's love interst in the film. A group of misfit filmmakers document their experiments with remote viewing; the alleged paranormal ability to perceive remote or hidden targets by using extrasensory perception. This is a true story that happened mid-2012: Mahisa (Evan Sanders) wants to help a movie star named Asha (Celine Evangelista) who feel annoyed by the spirits. Due to too many strange incidents he sees, Mahisa is convinced that Asha is possessed by a supernatural being. After consulting with the famous ustad, he tries to do ruqyah (exorcism) to clean Asha. It turns out that what possesses Asha is not easy to be released, even attacking Mahisa. What possesses Asha is meant to be "charmer" to be liked by many people. Mahisa is also attracted to Asha. Fashion photographer, Vidyut Sehgal has several distractions in his life, namely drugs, alcohol and women. He is also deeply troubled by his dreams in which he sees a mysterious woman posing around a strange shrine. Soon, the woman enters his bedroom and an entity seems to be sending him videos that seem to call him out to the place he has been seeing. His friend suggests he see a doctor, who advises him to abstain from substances. But when none of it helps, he decides to follow a marker sent to him on his phone and reach the mysterious place of his dreams. Yearning for an evening without their kids, some friends plan a night out. But to do this, their husbands need to watch the kids. What can go wrong? An introverted car wash attendant lives a secret second life prowling Prague's streets as a serial killer, until he meets a bartender he can't resist. A Manny Velazquez underground slasher tribute about a number of serial killers on the loose in Chicago and begins a murder spree. Meanwhile,, a young man watches over his friends house over the weekend until he realizes that something is wrong. In a woods filled with magic and fairy tale characters, a baker and his wife set out to end the curse put on them by their neighbor, a spiteful witch. A series of down-on-their-luck individuals enter the decrepit and spine-chilling Rialto theater, only to have their deepest and darkest fears brought to life on the silver screen by The Projectionist - a mysterious, ghostly figure who holds the nightmarish futures of all who attend his screenings. During a weekend getaway to Joshua Tree, a group of teenagers find themselves under mental and physical assault from a supernatural entity that mimics their appearances as it completes an ancient ritual. IS THAT YOU? Is the story of RONNIE, 60 year old Israeli film projectionist, who has been fired from his job and is going now to the U.S. in a search for RACHEL, the love of his youth IS THAT YOU? Is a romantic, road trip journey to 'The Road Not Taken' in life created by Award Winning filmmaker Dani Menkin (HBO Cinemax-39 Pounds of Love, Je Taime, I Love You Terminal, Dolphin Boy). On the night that Jasper Jones, the town's mixed race outcast shows him the dead body of young Laura Wishart, Charlie's life is changed forever. Entrusted with this secret and believing Jasper to be innocent, Charlie embarks on a dangerous journey to find the true killer. Set over the scorching summer holidays of 1965, Charlie defeats the local racists, faces the breakup of his parents and falls head over heels in love as he discovers what it means to be truly courageous. Alice and her best friend Lauren inadvertently set a hellish curse in motion after surprisingly acquiring a mysterious shrunken head. Wanting to know more about their fiendish find, they pay a visit to a popular paranormal podcast host Hunter Perry of "Beyond the Veil". Hunter discovers it's true authenticity of the ages-old object and in hopes of creating a rating boost, he plans a LIVE podcast in which the tale of the shrunken head will be introduced to the masses. Little do they know by playing the game and calling her name they will release the malevolent demonic spirit of Lilith Ratchet. Night Stalkers: Paranormal Investigators  A monster stalks the corridors of an abandoned mansion, targeting those curious enough to find themselves inside. Two friends break in and discover that all exits have been sealed off. The creature that hunts them is growing hungry for their blood and there is no escape... Newlyweds David and Madeline Middleston have just purchased a historic hotel near the town where Madeline's estranged mother Dianne resides. When Dianne comes to visit she brings with her an uninvited guest. An anthology featuring four tales inspired by the Frankenstein legend When an American teenager gets bullied at her school in Southeast Asia, she fights back--and gets sent to a reform school. But the "school" is more like a prison, and the young teenager must fend off predatory guards and menacing gangs to survive THE SANDMAN tells the story of Nathan, a young student in the city who struggles to forget his childhood trauma at the hands of the serial killer dubbed "The Sandman." Nathan killed The Sandman years ago, on Christmas Eve, after he witnessed the murder of his mother... until he sees the beautiful woman who lives in the apartment across the way dying at the hands of that same masked killer. This brutal murder plunges Nathan into an odyssey into the night country of his past, his dreams... and the buried secrets of The Sandman. An evil scarecrow slumbers until its evil cannot be retained. A graduate student, who is trying to finish the last of her research on a book project that she hopes will help her down-on-her-luck mother, brings friends to a house with a dark past, where they soon unwittingly summon an evil entity who makes the house part of its game... Gayce, a take-no-shit young woman, deals a hallucinogenic drug called "theta," facilitating an audience for her friends' all-girl rock band. When Gayce's friends are brutally murdered, she must solve the mystery behind the murders and protect herself from the killer. She discovers the connections between theta and the murders - and learns a terrifying truth. That the world -- indeed her whole reality -- is not as it seems. Do Not Resist is an exploration of the rapid militarization of the police in the United States. Opening on startling on-the-scene footage in Ferguson, Missouri, the film then broadens its scope to present scenes from across the country. Karl is a troubled young man. He has survived an attack from a masked killer, endured sleepless nights haunted by terrible apparitions, and been the target of demonic possession. In an attempt to get his life back together, Karl seeks the help of a therapist to work through his issues. But as he relives his ordeal, he realizes his struggle may not be over. Welcome to the world of the Sunset Society, a secret organization in Hollywood where parties are held, musicians gather and blood flows freely! Ace (Lemmy from "Motorhead") is the head vampire in charge who likes to keep the fun going while keeping the profile low. However, due to a few rebels in his midst, humans are starting to catch on to his vampire ways. The story of Stan, an orphaned teenager stuck living with his abusive grandfather and tasked with routinely protecting his best friend from high school bullies. When Stan discovers a murderous creature has taken refuge inside the tool shed in his backyard, he tries to secretly battle the demon alone until his bullied friend discovers the creature and has a far more sinister plan in mind. An unedited memory card from a camera shows Leah Sullivan's school project about a cold case murder that doesn't seem to be so cold after all. On the trail of an underworld contract killer, a dedicated police officer is thrust into a battle between good vs evil. After witnessing their parents murder as infants, June and Carl have held a deadly secret throughout their entire lives, a secret that none will believe. Years later, June is back to investigate the family home after her estranged brother Carl's mysterious suicide. As she walks the grounds, and inhabits the house, June learns that the Scarecrow who came to take her family is walking once again and is seeking revenge on the town. Manami is captured by blood thirsty trigger happy vampires, and taken to their hotel, where they keep prisoners as future meals. They are all instructed to find a partner to survive, when a vampire clan from Transylvania interferes. Wendy Alden, a young secretary in Portland lacking in self- confidence becomes victim of a savage killer who has claimed the lives of a number of other women. Somehow Wendy finds the resources of courage to fight back and escape. In this rousing sequel to Kickboxer, Tong Po broods about his defeat at the hands of Kurt Sloan. Po and his managers resort to drastic measures to goad Kurt into the ring for a rematch. Kiran and his girlfriend Smita decide to turn the former's ancestral property into a hotel to pay off their loans. They do it with the help of his father's aide Sarat and sister Rashmi . But, the house seems to be haunted, or is it really? Nanu (Abhay Deol) is a land mafia who illegally grabs people's property with the help of his friends. But his life witnesses a 360-degree change after he takes an injured girl (Patralekha) to hospital. Some unusually inexplicable things start happening with him and soon he realizes that he is not the only one living in his flat. There is an uninvited guest also. Deborah and Simon park their car to go hugging in the forest. They get knocked out and wake up in a house where Diane, Carla, Celian and Jeff live: four dangerous psychopaths who spend their time humiliating and killing innocent people. Attached, chained, they have no chance of escaping. They will live - with other young people, for they are not alone - what they would like to be a nightmare. There are well-kept secrets. Few people know them. It's something powerful. He protects these four bloody maniacs . Mula lives with her husband, sick mother and daughter Nina in a countryside house. At the weekend before Nina's First Holy Communion, her brother with his family come for a visit together with Kaja - Mula's younger sister, who disappeared suddenly 6 years earlier. Kaja is Nina's biological mother. Mula is afraid that unstable Kaja might want to take her daughter away. After years of performing "exorcisms" and taking believers' money, Reverend Marcus travels to rural Louisiana with a film crew so he can dispel what he believes is the myth of demonic possession. The dynamic reverend is certain that this will be another routine "exorcism" on a disturbed religious fanatic but instead comes upon the blood-soaked farm of the Sweetzer family and a true evil he would have never thought imaginable. An aging Texas cattle man who has outlived his time swings into action when outlaws kidnap his grandson. Two Japanese sisters come to Los Angeles for the first time, during their travels they are invited to a Chicken Party, a place to make international friends. At first the party is nice and fun, but by the end of the night it turns into a nightmare and the sister must get out before they are killed. It was supposed to be an escape from reality. Little didn't they know the dark secrets haunting this place. A place for solace? Or a fight for survival? It has been five years since Laura and Carmilla vanquished the apocalypse and Carmilla became a bonafide mortal human. They have settled in to a cozy apartment in downtown Toronto, Laura continues to hone her journalism skills while Carmilla adjusts to a non-vampire lifestyle. Their domestic bliss is suddenly ruptured when Carmilla begins to show signs of "re-vamping" - from a fondness for bloody treats to accidental biting - while Laura has started having bizarre, ghostly dreams. The couple must now enlist their old friends from Silas University to uncover the unknown supernatural threat and save humanity - including Carmilla's. An innocent man turns fugitive as he reconstructs events that implicate him for a murder and robbery he did not commit. Working in Dr. Cranley's laboratory, scientist Jack Griffin was always given the latitude to conduct some of his own experiments. His sudden departure, however, has Cranley's daughter Flora worried about him. Griffin has taken a room at the nearby Lion's Head Inn, hoping to reverse an experiment he conducted on himself that made him invisible. But the experimental drug has also warped his mind, making him aggressive and dangerous. He's prepared to do whatever it takes to restore his appearance. An Uber driver experiences a night of terror after picking up a sadistic killer who forces him to participate in a series of violent and twisted road games. A masked stranger attacks a group of friends at a cabin in remote Wisconsin.  "Look closely at the mountains!": the phrase was coined by artist Manfredo de Souzanetto during Brazil's years of dictatorhsip. Mining activities were destroying the environment in the state of Minas Gerais in the south west of the country. Through editing, Ana Vaz draws parallels between this region and the very distant Nord-Pas-de-Calais in northern France, also marked by over three centuries of mining. On one side, eroded mountains plague its inhabitants with deadly landslides. Hollow and gutted, these mountains become the receptacles of a ghostly memory. On the other side, in France, mining waste stacks become mountains and reservoirs of biodiversity, where the frontier between nature and technology is now indiscernible. When darkness is attached and dreams haunt the head, an alternative source of relief can be found in the darkest of places by a most unbelievable being, the elusive Chameleon. When a young photographer seeks relief from his recurring nightmares, the Chameleon provides a cure. Little does he know the side effect is the realisation of his nightmares materialising in the real world. Heather Mason and her father have been on the run, always one step ahead of dangerous forces that she doesn't fully understand, Now on the eve of her 18th birthday, plagued by horrific nightmares and the disappearance of her father, Heather discovers she's not who she thinks she is. The revelation leads her deeper into a demonic world that threatens to trap her forever. Garrett is a rising YouTube star. Shell is a deeply emotional fan. When they begin a romantic relationship, he's forced to question whether opening your life to strangers online is an invitation to community and rescue... or to stalking, obsession and madness. A man who bears a striking resemblance to a renowned movie star becomes an obsessive fan, but when his fierce love is spurned by the star, he decides to destroy the star's life and reputation. An Armenian-American journalist turns into an unwilling ghost hunter while researching the sudden deaths in her family and their connection to a paranormal mystery. Bandanaya (Sinhalese: bndhny), is a 2017 Sri Lankan Sinhala Black-n-white horror film directed and produced by Udayakantha Warnasuriya. Musical score was done by Nadun Rathnayake. It stars Cyril Wickramage, Hemal Ranasinghe, Dulani Anuradha in lead roles along with Swinetha Weerasinghe, Nilmini Thennakoon and Ravindra Yasas. The film was released in 50 CEL circuit cinemas in addition to 12 cinemas which screen the movie in 3D format. The film trailer was released in October 2016. The opening screening was held in Regal Theatre, Colombo.It is the 1273rd Sri Lankan film in the Sinhala cinema. A necrophilic doctor, a man wearing headphones and a bunch of cannibals are just a few of the characters in this bizarre debut by director Le Binh Giang about the cyclical effect of violence. A young hairdresser enters into the modeling world while fearing retaliation from her puritanical mother and stalker ex-boyfriend. The movie is deals with fear about climate change The idyllic life of Bill, a retired aging rock star, and his young wife is rocked by a lover from her past, resulting in catastrophic consequences. Black Mountain National Park has long harboured a strange history, from masses of missing livestock that have wandered onto the mountain to unusual disappearances and reappearances of local townspeople. One such case involved members of the entire Wahldrov family, who were never found. Cassian Wahldrov returns back home to the town of Black Mountain, following the disappearance of his autistic younger brother Manny. Together with his sister Mae, both setout to find him. Their efforts are quickly overshadowed by a strange force that both splits them up and slowly picks them apart. A man discovers that he is part of a secret sect of magical beings who hunt down and destroy demons in the internet. The film follows Sab, a transporter for local drug cartels. Amidst an imminent war between her superiors, Sab also deals with her dying grandmother's last wish that she bear a child. When Sab learns that she's barren, this leads her to darker practices and revelations. Markado: Bakunawa sa Duha Ka-Manglahing Takna is the first ever full-length film to be completely made and produced by local filmmakers from Cagayan de Oro city. On a single night in October, three stories interweave as three different groups face unimaginable horror. With her son being held captive by a criminal gang, police-officer Amanda Doyle, together with her ex-husband and three unlikely allies, takes part in a desperate plot to hold a wealthy banker and his family to ransom. But this is no ordinary family. Harry has been sentenced to prison and whilst he's used to that world, his 4-year-old daughter Lauren is not. He uses his first and only phone call to ring home and speak to her. Children's film serial in 6 parts. Jane witnesses a bullion robbery but does not realise at first that one of the robbers is an old friend of hers whom she likes and trusts.  1. Highway robbery. 2. Mystery at the forge. 3. Night prowler. 4. Mysterious stranger. 5. All at sea. 6. Catch as catch can. A haunting ghost story set against the backdrop of a busy winter sales period in a department store, following the life of a cursed dress as it passes from person to person, with devastating consequences. A story of girls aspiring for an enjoyable 18th birthday celebration but has instead turned bloody with a curse cast upon them. Taxi driver David, who's doomed after a terminal cancer diagnosis, accidentally kills hotel owner Patrick in a car crash. Patrick's girlfriend takes over his hotel by a lake in Hong Kong, which is soon plagued by serial suicidal incidents. A newlywed couple move into their dream home only to find that their next door neighbor isn't as good-natured as they had initially thought. Monsters are real, they came from outer space and they are here to destroy the world - unless we can stop them. A demon terrorize high school student for their irresponsible action. Jimmy Morris has a special surprise guest on his podcast, The Film Dick. It's Chester Holloway who reveals all the secrets behind the mysterious 1939 film, 'Sex Madness.' Mahmut and Abidin work as comedians at a night club, Mahmut is honest yet Abidin is sly. Sulo brings a deaf and dumb girl named Kumru, to working the night club, but the club owner sends her away, she in he sees that Kumru is deaf and dumb. Mahmut wants to help her and brings her to their house. She starts living with them. Kumru starts selling cigarettes and flowers in the club. Mahmut sees a picture in her hand and understands that she is looking for her mother. He decides to help her and finds out that the mother is in prison. Abidin and Mahmut fight for Kumru and Abidin starts to work in a different club with a different partner. Yet Abidin is very sad and decides to commit suicide, but Mahmut saves him. They start working together again. With his wife's disappearance having become the focus of an intense media circus, a man sees the spotlight turned on him when it's suspected that he may not be innocent. In the fourth chapter of the horror franchise, a young woman is transported to another dimension where spirits and demons lurk. As she battles for her life on Halloween night, she is forced to face her darkest fears.  When a 20-something finds a cache of hidden files on his new laptop, he and his friends are unwittingly thrust into the depths of the dark web. They soon discover someone has been watching their every move and will go to unimaginable lengths to protect the dark web. When a family of four rent a beautiful house for their summer vacation, the price seems too good to be true. Unbeknownst to them, the lascivious owner has set up a series of spy cams throughout the house, documenting their most intimate moments and live streaming them to the dark web. ADRISHYA is an Emotional thriller which explores the intricacies of a child - Parent believe in knowing each other. A never seen Child anxiety and its evil effect that will make you emotional and cry. Twist and turns in the movie will hold your breath by a high degree of Adventure and Suspense. Debutant Director Sandeepp Chatterjee says, I was fascinated by the idea of exploring Biggest Disadvantage of a Nuclear Family. A film that takes the theme of psycho-phobia. The film visualizes a forbidden psychic experiment that is a "departing" process to a world of madness, aimed at "spiritual revolution". Master Szeto is back and, with his mostly fearless crew in tow, he traipses across Asia in search of the supernatural. What he finds will either amuse or insult you, or perhaps both.  But will it entertain you?  That indeed is a mystery for us all.  To find out how this reviewer fared, read on...if you dare. Veronica, a top diva who suddenly falls ill, moved to a remote house where she won't be disturbed by anyone. But something strange started to happen around the house. After witnessing a strange event, a young couple departs on a camping trip outside Area 51 hoping to find answers. Documentary about the Dutch HorrorMovie 'The Johnsons (1992)" On Halloween, an all girl rock-n-roll band called "Kill Pussy Kill" ventures out to play their biggest show to date. However, before hitting the road they manage to unwittingly upset a man. Unfortunately, this man turns out to be an evil genius dead set on revenge. The evil genius manages to lure the girls into his Hell House and when they wake up from being gassed, they find themselves trapped inside an inescapable room filled with a vicious variety of devices that can kill them as well as a variety of weapons that can be used on each other. The rules are simple: advance through all three rooms and you are allowed to go free. The catch is, in order to make it to the next room, someone must die! The found footage collective, Everything is Terrible! Has taken over 2,000 forgotten VHS tapes and re-contextualized them in order to tell the tale of The Dark Lord himself, Lucifer. Jimmy 'The Tulip' Tudeski now spends his days compulsively cleaning his house and perfecting his culinary skills with his wife, Jill, a purported assassin who has yet to pull off a clean hit. Suddenly, an uninvited and unwelcome connection to their past unexpectedly shows up on Jimmy and Jill's doorstep; it's Oz, and he's begging them to help him rescue his wife, Cynthia. Julia and her friends, celebrating their high school graduation in Croatia, find themselves the targets of a masked killer who begins picking them off, one by one. One person encounter with ghost of family which reside in the same house based on true events. Following Tales from the Dark and Are You Here, Siu Yam Yam scares audiences again in the horror film The Girl Shaman. The Shaw Brothers veteran is flanked by a young lineup of actresses including Ashina Kwok (Lazy Hazy Crazy), Maggie Lee (La Lingerie), Daisy Li and Yan Linglan of Seven Sense.  After losing her boyfriend to a drowning accident, 19-year-old Xueni (Ashina Kwok) agrees to a soul-swap contract with an elderly shaman (Siu Yam Yam). Having gained the power to wander the realms of the living and dead, Xueni sets out to save her boyfriend's soul. A sex and drug addicted young man who is forced into a Christian-run ministry in an attempt to cure him of his "gay affliction", where instead he is faced with the truth in his heart and spirit. After Lily, an insomniac young filmmaker, starts to hear a recurring sinister scream every night outside her apartment window, she teams up with a friend Hannah to try and track down the source of the terrifying noise. Soon the intrepid duo's investigations lead them into a dark and sinister tangled web involving shadowy figures and a deadly supernatural force beyond their comprehension. A sexually-starved spirit traps two couples in a bungalow in Bangkok where they have planned to stay for a week. The spirit wants one of the two men to have sex with her. Can they manage to escape? The hottest reality TV Show in the world, "Lucky Stiffs", is about to get even more hot. Contestants from all over the globe try to win big cash prizes and fame by competing on the show against each other and survive the shows "stars".....zombies!!. However, there's a problem, a renegade contestant ("Mouse") is trying to expose the show as unethical and the show's producer's are grasping at straws to find Mouse. When all the producer's attempts have failed, he's left with one choice...to free "Jack" from a top secret Black ops prison and send him into the show. Jack has the kung fu skills to stay alive to find Mouse and bring her to the Producer......and he knows a thing or two about zombies. After her mother's death, Amalia learns that her husband is having an affair. But when he mysteriously dies a few days later, the young widow, obsessed by her late husband's mistress, succumbs to bloodthirsty madness. Dr. Richard Thorndyke arrives as new administrator of the Psychoneurotic Institute for the Very, VERY Nervous to discover some suspicious goings-on. When he's framed for murder, Dr. Thorndyke must confront his own psychiatric condition, "high anxiety," in order to clear his name. An indigo child contacted by an uneased spirit who tries to shed a light on the cause of her allegedly suicide death. In 1984, a young programmer begins to question reality as he adapts a dark fantasy novel into a video game. A mind-bending tale with multiple endings. Eager to escape the grief and nightmares of the city, Louis Olsen travels to Southwest Minnesota, seeking the peace of the rural countryside. When he accidentally disturbs the grave of a supposed local 'witch' Mary Jane Terlinden, what began as a peaceful reprieve unravels into a haunting nightmare from which Louis cannot escape - but is it all just in his head?  A soccer player and his girlfriend spent 2017 uploading prank videos to the internet. This film features the final six videos created by the couple. Appalachian filmmakers join together to produce three horrifying, suspenseful, and strange tales. In "Pretty Girl", a young woman escapes a maniac kidnapper by fleeing into the Appalachian wilderness. Aided by a group of friendly hikers, she must escape the woods or face her darkest fears. "Man Vs Ghost" is the story of an over-the-top host of a public access ghost-hunting show and his sister, who fear that some "ghosts" may be following her home. Desperate for a season finale he can sell to the Travel Channel, the "Ghost Man" tries to cash in on his sister's paranoia to produce the perfect episode, but may get more than he bargained for. An average Joe is kidnapped and trapped in makeshift death match arena in "The Room". Forced to fight or be killed, he must find the will to survive against all odds. Three, 30-minute short films by filmmakers from Northeast Tennessee in the heart of Appalachia. Jay Mandao and his nephew-in-law Jackson use astral projection to reverse a ghost's death on Halloween. To his girlfriend Ji Xiaowan (Hu Rongrong) birthday, Ran Ping (Leon) about the best friend Su-hyun (Wang Xiang), Hu Meirui (Tong Li Ya) and Yang Xue (Jia Liu) together to explore, but unfortunately in the cave suffered landslides. Ran Ping (William Li) girlfriend Jixiao Wan (Liu Jia) in the cave slip, Ran Ping (William Li) try to save, Xiaowan (Hu Rongrong) or fall into a bottomless black hole.  Over time, everyone seems to have returned to the quiet life. Ran Ping (William Li) meets the mysterious and sexy Coco (Zhu beading) and whom attracted. However, under the calm surface of reality simmering, had jointly set foot cave fellows seems to be something strange force hijacking, have plunged into a terrible situation and have been murdered, and this terrible truth hidden behind also been revealed . Julia moves with her family to the remote courtyard of her deceased sister. Despite the gruesome memory, she hopes for a reconciliation with her traumatic past. But for Julia her sister Jette remains omnipresent. She soon believes she hears her voice and increasingly has doubts about the alleged suicide. Julia tries to figure out what happened in the last days before Jette's death and identifies more and more with her. She believes that only one last desperate act can save them all. But evil has many faces. Terrifying, dramatic, hilarious; this horror anthology features seven evil tales that explore the seven deadly sins. Filmmakers based out of Ottawa, Canada. Madrid. Immediate vicinity of the M30 highway. A nameless man walks tirelessly against the infinite traffic. In one pocket, he carries a map. In the other, different objects, like a broken compass, a die with powers, a magic stone, and a button battery that always reflects the full moon. From here on in... The night. The trip. The devil. A flute and a melody. A beginning and an end... in an amazing film, without sound. A group of kids, a couple of kidnappers, and two men who are planning to murder one of the children get trapped inside a haunted mansion. 30-year-old factory worker Simon lives a solitary existence on a decrepit farm in the remote French countryside. Devoting his time to caring for his sister Estelle, who was left severely disabled when a childhood game went horribly wrong, Simon is plagued by guilt and depression. But he sees a way out, looking to otherworldly forces as a means of liberating both himself and his sister from the corporeal prisons in which they are confined. Shot at the Film Farm in Mt.Forest, this comedy is a quest about performance, educational voiceover, analogue filmmaking, ASCII, language, ethics of ethnography and narrative storytelling under a metaphor of instructions to farm land. Text by Barbara Kirshenblatt-Gimblett and Wikihow/shoot-film. Set on the canals amid the glorious British countryside, two sisters and their boyfriends head off for a relaxing weekend away on a barge, unaware of the flesh-eating fish mutants lurking in the water, ready and waiting to feed. Detective Lucas McCarthy finally apprehends "Meat Cleaver Max" and watches the electric chair execution from the audience. But killing Max Jenke only elevated him to another level of reality. Now Lucas' family is under attack, his sanity in question, and his house haunted. Aided by a disreputable college professor, can Lucas reclaim his mind, house, and family? Features Lance Henriksen as the Lucas McCarthy and Brion James as Max Jenke. One of the few movies featuring these actors as main characters. A group of college kids on Fall break find themselves in a bad situation when they become stranded at the infamous Camp Blood. Growing up in a small town, Charlie, Alex and Nick weren't the most popular kids around after they formed "The Elite Monster Unit". Chasing notorious, mythical legends and ghosts was exciting to them, not "cool" to the other kids around. So they lived their lives on the outside of the "in" crowd. Making matters worse was Charlie's obvious crush on Brandy, one of the most popular kids in school and sister to one of the biggest bullies around. Trying to impress Brandy, Charlie accepts a dare from her brother Nick that says he and his friends must spend Halloween night in a house long rumored to be haunted.What seems to be an easy challenge quickly turns out to be a night of frights as Charlie, Nick and Alex find themselves in the fight of their lives trying to out smart (and outrun) their new nemesis, a ghost dog named Salty, who does whatever he can to make this the worst night of their lives... A collection of twisted tales of terror from Director Mike Tack. Experience psychopathic killers, monsters. scarecrows, cowboys and cosplayers in this unique collection of officially selected film festival favourites.  Traumatized after witnessing her jealous husband kill her adulterous lover and then himself, an unbalanced, nymphomaniac young woman finds herself stalked by an unknown assailant, but she cannot make anyone believe her desperate situation. Adi and Kirana have been married for a long time but are still childless. They still live with Adi's mother, Aida, who doesn't approve of Kirana mostly because she's been unable to bear a child. Trying to relieve his wife's stress, Adi decides that a move to a neighborhood outside of town would be the best for them both. Kirana starts to feel that there is something strange with their new home, that something else is present with them. At first she is afraid, but over time she becomes used to the presence, a girl ghost who she calls "SISTER". Adi becomes worried about Kirana's closeness with "SISTER", but Kirana believes that "SISTER" is a kind and gentle soul. Adi decides to put aside his worries as he sees Kirana become more and more happy. Their happiness and closeness changes when Kirana becomes pregnant. "SISTER" begins to terrorize them because of jealousy. Horror film about a mysterious woman. Lucid Dreaming forces the dreamer's dreamworld to merge with his waking one. But at what cost to the dreamer's grasp on reality? Dreams are doorways, but what are they really for? And, if you feel you must know, beware the TRICKSTER. After the loss of his daughter Eleanor, a famous scientist, Dr. Herbert West, experimenting with a special serum invented by him, desperately tries to bring her back to life. One year after Pohjola Manor incident the Masked Man is back again. A strained suburban family's Thanksgiving is disrupted by a gang of vicious vagrants. Barbarity abounds and secrets are brought to the table in this pitch black burlesque. In a hidden part of the Everglades, a phony Voodoo cult worships the fake God Kwanga. Head priest De Obayah, and cult priestess Brigitte are a very greedy pair, who will do anything to achieve their goals. Extremely shy Lars finds it impossible to make friends or socialize. His brother and sister-in-law worry about him, so when he announces that he has a girlfriend he met on the Internet, they are overjoyed. But Lars' new lady is a life-size plastic woman. On the advice of a doctor, his family and the rest of the community go along with his delusion. During a brutal home invasion, Casey is almost killed, but a mysterious entity appears and offers to keep her alive - but at what price? Zombies are back in this highly anticipated sequel to 2015's popular Zombieworld. In the wake of a terrible virus that claimed most of the human population, zombies have risen. As the undead take control of Earth and grow in numbers, the remaining survivors struggle to save themselves and their planet from total annihilation in this unique horror anthology produced by the twisted mind of DreadCentral's Steve Barton and Miguel Rodriguez. Welcome to Zombieworld! A group of online social justice activists venture deep into the woods to uncover the truth behind a recent series of gruesome ritual murders - and to capture the person responsible. But what they come face to face with is something more deadly than any serial killer, an urban legend that is very real, and determined to make them his latest victims. Martina starts a relationship with Filip, a young man who spends most of his time playing video games. After Martina convinces Filip to steal her father's money to go to the Party Beach, everything turns into a bloody nightmare. To save her family from being homeless and her father suffering from a heart condition, Mayen desperately agrees to take the offer of a Chinese matchmaker for a huge amount of money. In exchange, Mayen must submit herself as a Ghost Bride to a wealthy but dead Chinese man. This deal, however, happens to be a deadly curse when the deceased groom's ghost becomes jealous and possessive of Mayen. The creator of Troma'a Grindsploitation producer Tony Newton (Body Bag Films, Vestra Pictures) and Sam Mason Bell (Trash Arts) who together brought you Troma's "Toxic Schlock" and "Conspiracy X" now unleash another horror anthology straight from the jaws of hell! Be prepared for evil clowns, psycho killer clowns, pure exploitation, horror, schlock and gore with faux film trailers and the scariest clown short horror films! Someone is murdering all of the Ben Lyks in London! Youtuber, Ben Lyk, decides to gather all of the remaining Ben Lyks to try and figure out exactly what is happening to London's Ben Lyks. Kaci Evans, a socially awkward photojournalist who can't seem to come to grips with the death of his mother. As a child, Kaci was psychologically traumatized after seeing his mother monstrously mauled by a large canine. Now that Kaci is an adult, he suffers constant night terrors and flashbacks to the time his mother was murdered. After numerous visits with his psychiatrist, Dr. Ezay, Kaci starts to question whether his nightmares are repressed memories, or are they something far more sinister? Andhala Rakshasi is set during the innocent days of 1991. It is Center-staged on three pure hearts Surya, Gowtham and Midhuna and is about falling in love, forgetting and waiting for love. The story celebrates love as well as exposes its dark side of tormenting its patrons in pursuit of it. The three characters resemble the three celestial bodies Sun, moon and Earth. Set in motion by the force of love, the three individuals can neither come close nor cut off but are destined to revolve around the dear ones. In this pursuit of pure love they will be thrown to destinies that they never imagined Alternately tragic and comic, an exploration of the complexities of love in both its brightest and darkest corners. Adapted from John Irving's best-selling novel A Widow for One Year, the film is set in the privileged beach community of East Hampton, New York and chronicles one pivotal summer in the lives of famous children's book author Ted Cole (Jeff Bridges) and his beautiful wife Marion (Kim Basinger). Their once-great marriage has been strained by tragedy. Her resulting despondency and his subsequent infidelities have prevented the couple from confronting a much-needed change in their relationship. Eddie O'Hare, the young man Ted hires to work as his summer assistant, is the couple's unwitting yet willing pawn - and, ultimately, the catalyst in the transformation of their lives. A backwoods babysitter agrees to help an abused mother of two escape her lunatic boyfriend, but his psychotic brother is headed back to the area, and he has a fraught history with everyone involved. Kayla, her friend Rob, and her brother Dustin are making a web series in which they debunk supernatural urban legends. But after their first shoot testing out a ritual to summon the "Closet Man" seemingly fizzles out, strange things start happening. Is the Closet Man more than just a Creepypasta-inspired modern legend? A woman who is researching alien abductions for a book receives increasing reports of nocturnal attackers who are described as resembling Santa Claus.  She enlists the aid of a scholar of mythology to see if the legend of Santa has a darker side, and what she discovers is more horrifying than she could never have expected. Inspired by true events, Lily is the perfect preacher's daughter until the charismatic Rae seduces her twin brother, Jason. Also unable to resist Rae's insatiable spirit, the two become ... The haunted Captain of a Soviet submarine holds the fate of the world in his hands. Forced to leave his family behind, he is charged with leading a covert mission cloaked in mystery. As four teenage graffiti artists run from the police, they hide in an old abandoned schoolhouse. They quickly discover that someone else is already using the building for their own dark purposes. On Halloween night, a serial killer returns from the dead to take revenge on the vigilantes who put him to death one year earlier. A college graduation party takes a dark turn when people begin to die mysteriously A group of friends go to a small town to help a friend's family that is experiencing mysterious troubles. They try to figure out the source of the problem and themselves become the targets. Based on the iconic Indian comic book from the 80s (Aadamkhor Hatyara) by Raj Comics, the film tells the story of Parul Diwan who returns to her father's idyllic cottage for a vacation with her friends. When her father disappears the next morning along with the mysterious servant, Karmu, Parul and her friends are faced with a bone crunching nightmare. The compound of an arms manufacturer turns into a zombie nightmare when its workers are given the wrong formula. A teenager and his mother find themselves besieged by threatening forces when they move into a new house.  Film starring Bhanumathi Ramakrishna, Padmin and M.G. Ramachandran Buenos Aires, 1985. It's the first anniversary of the death of Alexis Carpenter, the unstable supermodel who died tragically when she was set on fire while closing a runaway show. Lucia L'uccello - Editor-in-Chief of the most important magazine in Buenos Aires - chooses supermodels Eva Lantier and Irene del Lago to honor Alexis on the cover of the anniversary issues dedicated to the famous model. The night before the photo shoot, Alexis's original dresses that were going to be used by the models are stolen. From that moment, members of the important fashion magazine and the agency begin to disappear, one by one, at the hands of a stealthy, sinister female silhouette in a long black leather raincoat. Is someone seeking revenge? Or has Alexis returned from the grave? Benjamin has lost his wife and, in a bid to start his life over, purchases a large house that has a zoo - welcome news for his daughter, but his son is not happy about it. The zoo is in need of renovation and Benjamin sets about the work with the head keeper and the rest of the staff, but, the zoo soon runs into financial trouble. When her big sister is taken under the spell of the dreaded Vampire King, Viola embarks on a mystical quest for revenge. A hundred years after a mutiny by warlords in Beijing, a building restorer encounters supernatural phenomena in a mansion on 81 Chaoyangmennei Street. In neo-noir fashion El Aura narrates in the first person the hallucinating voyage of Espinoza, a quiet, cynical taxidermist, who suffers epilepsy attacks, and is obsessed with committing the perfect crime. This is a drama set in Nazi-occupied France at the height of World War II. Charlotte Gray tells the compelling story of a young Scottish woman working with the French Resistance in the hope of rescuing her lover, a missing RAF pilot. Based on the best-selling novel by Sebastian Faulks. In the summer of 1947, various men and women gather at a mansion in the countryside at the invitation of Kazuma Utagawa.  They are artists, novelists, poets, painters, playwrights, actresses, etc.  Then the murders begin, one after another.  The incident seemed to have no continuity... Gospel group Third Day is captured in this March 2001 concert filmed live at Hi-Fi Buys Amphitheatre in Atlanta, Ga. The worshipful singing group leads an impassioned evening of praise and song on their fastest-selling concert tour to date. In addition to a set that includes "Sky Falls Down," "Agnus Dei" and "Thief," viewers get to see candid behind-the-scenes footage and personal interviews with the members of Third Day. When a contaminated energy drink turns an illegal rave into a nightmare, a germaphobic journalist has to overcome her deepest fears to get her friends out alive. An elderly comedian is buried up to his neck in the Mexican desert. A bitter young woman threatens to pulp his head with a nail bat; the only thing that can stall her are his stories of a mythical threshold behind which lies the absolute truth. Is she in his dream or he in hers? Or were they once the Bonnie-and-Clyde-like couple we keep seeing, exacting their revenge on the world? When a charming fare named Penny climbs into his taxi cab, Harris, her world-weary driver, finds himself engaged in the only kind of courtship he can have with a passenger -- one that lasts as long as her trip. That is, right up until she disappears from the back seat without a trace. When confusion gives way to reality, he resets his meter and is instantaneously transported back to the moment when she climbed into his cab. As he and Penny find themselves trapped in an endless nighttime cab ride, with only each other for company, secrets will be revealed, truths will come to light, and Harris' entire life will be changed forever. Posing for a portrait, Dorian Gray talks with Lord Henry Wotton, who says that men should pursue their sensual longings, but laments that only the young get to do so. Taken with the idea, Dorian imagines a scenario in which the painting will age as he stays youthful. His wish comes true, and his boyish looks aid him as he indulges his every whim. But when a stunning revelation forces him to see what he's become, Dorian faces some very dangerous questions. Two soldiers from opposite sites get stuck between the front lines in the same trench. The UN is asked to free them and both sides agree on a ceasefire, but will they stick to it? After the death of his Nobel Prize-winning father, billionaire physicist Jerry Cornelius becomes embroiled in the search for the mysterious "Final Programme", developed by his father. The programme, a design for a perfect, self-replicating human being, is contained on microfilm. A group of scientists, led by the formidable Miss Brunner (who consumes her lovers), has sought Cornelius's help in obtaining it. After a chase across a war-torn Europe on the verge of anarchy, Brunner and Cornelius obtain the microfilm from Jerry's loathsome brother Frank. They proceed to an abandoned underground Nazi fortress in the Arctic to run the programme, with Jerry and Miss Brunner as the subjects. The aristocratic, wealthy France-born Boudine family move to New Orleans in the mid-1800s to make their way in America. Then their beautiful youngest daughter cross paths with the fiance of the legendary Queen of Louisiana Voodoo, Marie Laveau. They have a baby and try to keep it a secret, but Madame Laveau finds out and decides that the entire family deserves the focus of Laveau's most destructive curse. Catch Kalyseryes Lola Nidora, Lola Tinidora, and Lola Tidora in this hilarious movie as they, along with their little niece Charmaine, attempt to survive a zombie outbreak! Karpenter: A killer is on the loose in a small town. One girl must face 10 years after the events of the original film, a rash of new meathook-murders makes Dan suspect this may be the same Killer responsible for the death of his twin Sister and her friends. Taking matters into his own hands he tracks down the maniac in an underground cavern and not only comes face-to-face with the meathook wielding mongoloid, but his entire sadistic family as well! Secure within a desolate home as an unnatural threat terrorizes the world, a man has established a tenuous domestic order with his wife and son, but this will soon be put to test when a desperate young family arrives seeking refuge. A fearful dark voice from the Old Roman Empire is terrorizing a young woman towards suicide. Newlyweds Sarah and Cory Morgan have decided to take a relaxing holiday with Cory's 7 year old son Liam to try and smooth over some of the teething problems Liam is having with his new Mom. Despite the idyllic location of Cory's isolated and luxurious country house, the family soon realize they have made a mistake in going there. Someone has been using the house in their absence. Their unwanted house guests will soon reveal themselves and the family will find itself caught up in a fight for their lives. What was planned as a relaxing getaway quickly turns into their worst nightmare as the family find themselves on a holiday from hell. A young woman, muted after a sexual assault as a child, is trained to seek violent revenge on those who have wronged her after being kidnapped and forced to work as a prostitute. A professor teaching at a correspondence school  discovers that a Nazi agent is trying to prevent a trade treaty being signed between England and South America. Pubert Cleftico is a man with many problems, his growing sexual obsession with "the brown stuff" has cost him his job as a janitor in a public toilet forcing him to get his kicks by breaking in to unsuspecting folks bathrooms. 20 years before, a middle-aged man lost his way in the mysterious deep forest in the midnight. After several days, he came back to village. However, as some strange things happened in the village, villagers thought the man was haunted by ghosts. After 20 years, the man had become the boss of a small restaurant, but he was still immersed in his horrible memory 20 years before. Afterwards, many mysterious things happened one after another. Therefore , Feifan, an editor ,his girlfriend Shuya, a hypnotist and their friends decided to go to the forest and uncover the truth 20 years before, and the man acted as their guide. After their mother passes away, sisters Nicole and Annie reluctantly return to their childhood home to pay their last respects. While staying overnight in the house, the sisters sense a mysterious presence in their midst: noises startling them in the night, objects moving about, a fallen picture of an unknown woman posed next to their mother. Annie begins experiencing a series of intense and disturbing dreams - visions that lead her to uncover something terrible about her mother's past that is finally revealing itself. Created by Ricardo Ghiorzi ("The Curse of Sanguanel", "Beyond the Grave"), HISTORIAS ESTRANHAS (Stranger Tales) is a suspense/horror/fantasy collection of eight segments produced by independent film companies and directed by the most promising filmmakers of the Brazilian fantastic genre today. Yamraaj (Gulshan Grover), has a major hold in the underworld, and has got his own stylish life fall of luxuries. Seeing this, Birju (Mithun Chakraborty) and Krishna (Jackie Shroff), dream to become Yamraaj one day. Inspector Dharamveer (Prem Chopra), warns them not to indulge in completion of this dream, but they wont listen to him. They start working for Yamraaj, and slowly impress Yamraaj with their work and get lots of money and other luxuries. One day an incident makes Krishna feel whether this life is good or the life they were living before this was better. He decides to part ways from this underworld and live the normal life of humanity. Now, Birju is alone to reach to his goal of becoming Yamraaj while Krishna starts helping police. Will Yamraaj let Krishna live? Will Birju get to reach his dream? What was that incident that changed Krishna alive? Will Birju and Krishna solve their fight? This is what the story is all about. A homeless teen answers the voice of a child calling out for help and is sent on a journey to find a human trafficking network run by the child's killer. The Clowns are back and this time it's serious. While parked outside of Booties Bar and Grill in a stolen RV, our loveable Clowns witness the owner of Booties, Dick Dickerson as he sexually assaults one of his employees in his car. After Dick decides to push his side chick out of the car door and speeds off, the Clowns abduct the girl and follow Dick home. Once at the Dickerson residence the fireworks really begin as Slasho, Shago and Smasho stage another notorious home invasion where they exact their own brand of "Justice." When Virginia and her husband Jack spend a long weekend in the idyllic countryside, they encounter a creature that tears their lives apart. While the attack has an effect on each of them, it brings out the worst in Jack. After traveling across a wasteland of pestilence and famine in search of a mysterious object, a lone woman (Rachel Miller) finds refuge at Seven Bowls Tavern. It becomes apparent after sharing some drinks with a shadowy figure (Krys Bailey) that her arrival was not mere chance. As his stories about the Arte Factum unfold and draw her in, her presence at the tavern begins to attract the horsemen. One by one they ride in and fill Seven Bowls until she decides it's time to bid them all adios.  Wages of Cine presents an anthology of twelve tales that transverse space and time following a mysterious object known as the "Arte Factum". When an ancient evil descends on Rookery Farm, a newlywed couple find out what "til death do us part" really means when they are visited by the Old Man of the Rooks. Gunned down in the snowy wilderness and desperate for shelter, Billy Cavanagh is taken in by kooky old lady Agnes, unaware that her isolated log cabin is surrounded by bloodthirsty skinless creatures hellbent on getting inside. A family moves into a haunted villa where all kinds of supernatural events start to occur. Chandu, a swindler, falls in love with Shalini and tries to impress her uncle. When he manages to do so, she tells him that in order to win her over, he must mend his ways. In this classic home invasion horror, a babysitter has to protect her child and get them out before it's too late. After her mother's death, six-year-old Frida is sent to her uncle's family to live with them in the countryside. But Frida finds it hard to forget her mother and adapt to her new life. The movie features three ghost stories set in Hong Kong, beginning with Vivian, who, after moving into a new place, gets involved in spooky incidents with her neighbours. The next story follows Scarlet, who unknowingly receives a tattoo with sinister secrets. The final story is about a group of university students, who awaken the vengeful spirits of a dead couple while live-streaming their ghost hunting expedition. A little girl called a demon spirit to take her mother's murder revenge. Two reality TV stars are experts at survival, but when they decide to embark upon the legendary home of the Jersey Devil can they survive? Reality TV just got real. A budding romance between noble underachiever Lloyd Dobler and high school valedictorian Diane Court is threatened when Diane's overly possessive, disapproving father interferes with their relationship. With a prized scholarship to study abroad hanging in the balance, Diane must find a way to make both men happy. Four young women travel to their college professor's new country home for a weekend getaway, only to discover that the house has a malevolent past.  Blake Redding is trapped in this dark room wanting to protect his love so the only thing he will do is escape like no failed student has done before. When troubled musical prodigy Charlotte seeks out Elizabeth, the new star pupil of her former school, the encounter sends both musicians down a sinister path with shocking consequences. Sequel to the Haunted Road and is set in a hotel. A confused young man, just out of the proverbial gay closet, must choose between his lover of nine months and his ultra-religious parents on Christmas Eve. A Paranormal night investigated and documented by Carl Medland on a remote farm and country house. What Carl captures is unsettling and truly terrifying. In Seattle, detective Quentin Conners is unfairly suspended and his partner Jason York leaves the police force after a tragic shooting on Pearl Street Bridge, when the hostage and the criminal die. During a bank heist with a hostage situation, Conners is assigned in charge of the operation with the rookie Shane Dekker as his partner. The thieves, lead by Lorenz, apparently do not steal a penny from the bank. While chasing the gangsters, the police team disclose that they planted a virus in the system, stealing one billion dollars from the different accounts, using the principle of the Chaos Theory. Further, they find that Lorenz is killing his accomplices. A man shares his apartment with his elderly mother. He puts a Doris Day record, "Que sera, sera", and his life walks by in a flash. An hour-long filmed profile of Amos Vogel, 82-year old New York resident and Austrian emigre, founder of the New York Film Festival and America's most important film society, Cinema 16. When Ellen, the matriarch of the Graham family, passes away, her daughter's family begins to unravel cryptic and increasingly terrifying secrets about their ancestry. In 1630s New England, William and Katherine lead a devout Christian life with five children, homesteading on the edge of an impassable wilderness, exiled from their settlement when William defies the local church. When their newborn son vanishes and crops mysteriously fail, the family turns on one another. Reunited for the holidays, a group of friends raised together in a troubled Louisiana orphanage are stalked by a killer from Christmas Past. Aniket (Abir) and the editor of his late father's horror magazine, Kripadhar Babu (Supriyo), visit an eerie little village called Kushumpur with their mysterious companion Nandini (Sohini) to discover the sad truth about a haunted school there. In a rural Indian village, four ordinary women begin to throw off the traditions that hold them in servitude in this inspirational drama.  The duo caught on film during their Road To Graceland '93 tour. A long time ago... in the summer of 1981, a tragedy of epic proportions (a broken plastic bat) sends five friends on an epic adventure to the mall. All they have to do is follow The Stream and back. The second of Trier's films known collectively as the Europa trilogy. The other two films in the trilogy are The Element of Crime (1984) and Europa (1991). Co-written by Niels Vorsel, the film focuses on the screenwriting process. Vorsel and von Trier play themselves, coming up with a last-minute script for a producer. This story is intercut with scenes from the film they write, in which von Trier plays a renegade doctor trying to cure a modern-day epidemic. An aspiring filmmaker unexpectedly falls in love with a devil, following which chaos ensues in his life. Will he be able to come out of this trip? A ragtag gang of four have their problems in life and each of them needs money. One needs it for his father's surgery, another to close a loan he borrowed from an usurer, the third for his daughter's future and the final member to ensure that the lie of him being a rich businessman lives on. Marian is a factory worker determined to leave the assembly line behind and move up in the world. Leila, a lonely young soul spends the night partying with her friends Nancy, David and Nash in a warehouse. As the boys drink up and smoke pot all social barriers between the sexes crumble. Leila, hit on by both men, hides away from them. Alone she senses there is someone else who wants her and certainly he is not of this world. A 200 year old Dracula escapes from a crate and reveals himself to Leila and tells her that she is his lost love. For him to live again and be with her, she must bring him the blood of her friends to drink and make love to him. Hypnotized by his sexual powers, Leila does as she is told. Leila and a handsome young Dracula get away and live happily ever after.  A film created from the footage of the 2014 Mallane manslaughter case. Kaatteri is an upcoming tamil comedy horror movie, written and directed by Deekay, A bullied young boy befriends a young female vampire who lives in secrecy with her guardian.  A remake of the movie "Let The Right One In" which was an adaptation of a book. Ten years have passed since the alien war, and now the line between human and alien is blurred. The film follows two vagrants who were once subjects of a dangerous experiment involving the assimilation of alien and human DNA. During the day Paola is an ordinary primary school teacher, but at night, she turns into...The Christmas Witch, a magical creature who brings gifts to the good kids. One night, Paola disappears, kidnapped by Mr. Johnny, a cruel Toymaker who got his childhood ruined by the Witch and is now seeking revenge. A group of six brave pupils who found out their teacher's secret, will live an extraordinary adventure to rescue her. Will they be able to save Paola and Christmas? Devon and Moe meet at a house party. There is an instant connection between the two men, but after a night spent together their relationship begins to infect Moe. The couple go on frequent dates, all the while Moe can't seem to shake the fact that he views Devon as a pathogen. The relationship is strained as the two move in together and things come to a head after a bad drug trip at another house party. A lawyer, who defends criminals, wages vigilante justice against them in private. The movie deals with the murder of a girl who was ragged and brutally murdered by her classmates. The lawyer, through his own investigation arrives at the fact that she was brutally raped by college authorities and framed the students as culprits. A mad scientist unleashes three mischievous little creatures to spread terror on mankind in this loving homage to the little monster movies of the past.  A rainy night. Dazed and numb, Luz, a young cabdriver, drags herself into the brightly lit entrance of a run-down police station. In a nightspot, Nora seductively engages police psychiatrist Dr. Rossini in a conversation. Nora tells the Doctor about her old schoolmate Luz' rebellious past at a Chilean school for girls. Nora is possessed by a demonic entity, longing for the woman it loves - Luz. A story about a young girl (Jenny) who has a loving father (Johnson) and Boy friend finds her trapped in a situation more surreal and horrible, which suddenly dawned in her life. Johnson not knowing that his colleagues were trying a death plot for his daughter using the advanced technological skills of a psychopath scientist. One day an idol is bitten by a zombie and before she is taken into custody, she runs away. She only has 72 hours left until she becomes one, so she tries to find the zombie serum, but high school girl zombie hunter and zombies attack her. Will she make it to the destination within the time limit? Treasure hunters and campers wandering a haunted forest find themselves caught in a war between shotgun-toting ghosts and malicious supernatural baby dolls. A deranged serial killer known as "Clownface" terrorises the residents of a small town. CIA Analyst Jack Ryan is drawn into an illegal war fought by the US government against a Colombian drug cartel. Renegade FBI agent Art Jeffries protects a nine-year-old autistic boy who has cracked the government's new "unbreakable" code. An indefatigable district nurse crisscrosses her rural patch to tend to the sick at home and on the farm   A man falls in love with a ghost spirit of his girlfriend. Otavio and Gilda are a very wealthy couple of the Brazilian elite who have the habit of eating their employees. Otavio owns a private security company and is a notable member of The Cannibal Club. When Gilda accidentally discovers a secret from Borges, a powerful congressman and the Club's leader, her and her husband's lives are in grave danger. Doug, a dorky young mamma's boy, who is about to get married to his beautiful bride, Callista, when he notices a change come over her. He catches her sneaking around at night and lying to him, and she's begun to display flu-like symptoms. So naturally Doug thinks she caught a disease while cheating on him. In reality she has become possessed via an ancient stone and she's been eating his friends and family without him knowing. Ellie, a recovering drug addict, has just moved to a new city with her two teenage children. She has struggled to stay sober in the past and is determined to make it work this time, finding a stable job and regularly attending her meetings. Unfortunately, new friends, a new job, and the chance of a new life, can't keep Ellie from slipping once again. Her life changes when she meets Christopher - a different kind of addict - which forces her daughter and son to accept a new version of Ellie. Luly's fears of her dad being alienated from her after her parents' divorce results in a demonic creature entering her life and capitalizing on her fears by using her as a portal for murder. A pizza delivery girl making her last stop of the night is lured into a trap. While attempting to escape, she encounters a group of campers who are enduring a terrifying nightmare of their own. Believing that bad karma is keeping him from realizing his dream, hip clothing designer Amer Atrash (Philippe Caland) attempts to orchestrate salvation -- with unexpected results -- in this indie drama. Pushed to the edge of financial disaster and facing marital woes, Atrash resolves to right a wrong he committed years earlier when his car accidentally struck Philip Blackman (Forest Whitaker), leaving him paralyzed. Avanthika is Telugu Horror Comedy flick Made by Sri Raj Balla and starring Poorna, Dhanraj, Shakalaka Shankar, and Sayaji Shinde. The Story plot is about a haunted house where the hero comes and experiencing horrifying things. This is the first Vietnamese horror film set in the factory, the 13th studio introduces a new space that has never been seen on the screen.  Through the words of the people around the workshop:  "Hieu - he defended the dead in the workshop 13 has a strange hobby that makes everyone around the fear. Not touching or talking to people, he just likes to play with the cold hardened mannequins. Every day, dearly sing and confide in them. Dead for a year but at twilight people still hear Hien's voice pensive a song of singer Thuy Nhi as crying grievances. The mannequins who were friends with him in the past also often move for unknown reasons.  They believe that Mr. Hieu's ghost is not still in the factory 13.  Determined to have a clip to view millions, a group of young people broke into the factory to find the truth. Horror film. A mysterious Dark Horseman slays young girls near the village of Dikanka, and he has already butchered 11 ladies. Nikolai Gogol, a scribe from Saint Petersburg has to take charge of the investigation, but the closer he gets to solving the case, the more fits he has, causing macabre visions. When he learns the next victim is his beloved, Liza, he doubts that he can protect her and resist the murderer. Fortunately, he meets somebody who can help him: Khoma Brut, the witch hunter, martial artist and philosopher. Together they spend three dreadful nights in an old chapel reading the funeral service for Ulyana, the witch, and calling upon the ghastly evil spirit Viy. Tells the story of Jesus Christ at age seven as he and his family depart Egypt to return home to Nazareth. Told from his childhood perspective, it follows young Jesus as he grows into his religious identity. Things go badly for a hack director and film crew shooting a low budget zombie movie in an abandoned WWII Japanese facility, when they are attacked by real zombies.  The House on the Wrong Side of the Tracks is a Found Footage Film. Three low life punks commit a home invasion with plans to capture all the action on camera, but when the couples son comes home they soon discover they entered the wrong house. Lia and her two friends embark on a journey to an isolated village to know more about a dance form that is facing extinction. The three anthropologists would do anything to learn more about the dance until one day they discover that the dance might have supernatural connections. 2016 Movie A down-on-his-luck New Orleans private detective investigates the death of a voodoo charlatan, finding himself in the middle of a paranormal murder mystery. The Viral Demon recording is a wakeup call to understand the truth of what's happening to our world ever since the Viral Demon was accidentally released from its prison. Spread across the country, former college friends Kendra, AJ, Mar and Dwayne find themselves growing apart. Attempting to hang on to their good old Ohio State days, the gang gets together online for a night of stories, pranks and drinking via web-cam. As the evening progresses, they unknowingly release a deviously clever demon that had been trapped for centuries in Salem, Massachusetts. Since the demon can possess multiple people at once, the group of friends must determine who they can still trust in order to survive the demon's dark and twisted mission. A serial killer in a bunny rabbit outfit wreaks havok on San Antonio and finds love in the process. Based on a character created by Robert E. Howard, this fast-paced, occasionally humorous sequel to Conan the Barbarian features the hero (Arnold Schwarzenegger) as he is commissioned by the evil queen Taramis (Sarah Douglas) to safely escort a teen princess (Olivia D'Abo) and her powerful bodyguard (Wilt Chamberlain) to a far away castle to retrieve the magic Horn of Dagon. Unknown to Conan, the queen plans to sacrifice the princess when she returns and inherit her kingdom after the bodyguard kills Conan. The queen's plans fail to take into consideration Conan's strength and cunning and the abilities of his sidekicks: the eccentric wizard Akiro (Mako), the wild woman Zula (Grace Jones), and the inept Malak (Tracey Walter). Together the hero and his allies must defeat both mortal and supernatural foes in this voyage to sword-and-sorcery land. A man's life is altered unexpectedly after telling a lie to get out of work. Scientists discover a giant creature under the Earth that is wrapped around the entire planet. When the creature wakes all grumpy, it causes worldwide destruction. Two passionate entrepreneurs sink all their resources into a "haunted" house with the hope of turning it into a profitable horror attraction. The young couple soon realizes that the horrific stories surrounding the house's sinister history are not only true, but deadly. Panic and intrigue grip the lives of a group of hardened factory workers with the arrival of a man they fear is a head-office spy sent to rob them of their redundancy payouts. The ruthless baiting between top dog Jack and his men only intensifies when the pacifist of the group, Wesley, befriends the seemingly normal outsider, David. But when Wesley discovers David is hiding a much darker secret, the seeds are planted for an explosive finale that strikes like an emotional sledgehammer and seal the fate of The Nothing Men. When a huge snowstorm leaves everyone stranded, Mickey and all of his guests at the House of Mouse, including Pooh, Belle, Snow White, Cinderella, Ariel and many more of his old and new friends, break out the cookies and hot chocolate to help Donald mend his tattered Christmas spirit. A young couple gets kidnapped and treated like farm animals after stopping at a roadside diner to eat meat.  William has a simple job: he makes dead bodies disappear. His daughter Gloria has become used to rough-looking men dropping off corpses, and is even convinced that some of them are haunting their house.   A fantasy anthology of 15 segments each dealing with a specific neighbourhood of Montreal and its signature idiosyncrasies. This terrifying tour-of-the-town captures neighbourhoods, buildings and iconic locations from North America's Amsterdam, shedding the straightforward storyline for a narrative melting-pot filled with demons, shadowy humanoids and disgusting otherworldly beings. 6 Athiyayam is an anthology that has 6 stories helmed by 6 different directors. All the stories are based on different genres and are penned in a manner that the movie caters to all the sections of the audience with different artists playing the lead. The stories are correlated and the climax of each story is revealed only in the finale that will keep you on the edge of your seat. On the Eastern front in 1941, German troops attack a Red Army's field hospital destroying it and causing a massive loss of life. The surviving soldiers try to fight back but have to retreat, among them a young pilot , Vyacheslav with his dog Red. Having survived the German onslaught they are sent to the front line where Red will prove his courage... When the zombie apocalypse arrives, groups of survivors band together to defend themselves at any cost. Unfortunately for the remaining few, zombies have evolved into different species altogether and exist not just in this dimension but in a dimension of their own. With little hope, the humans gather strength for one last chance at saving their world in this intensely twisted anthology. Emma, a vegan cook who lives abroad, is forced to return to Spain to face the reality that is lived here. After coming in contact with an animal shelter, decides to carry out a hard and bloodthirsty revenge against animal abusers A patriotic doctor returns to his homeland with his family, seeking a long missing treasure. A series of weird things keeps happening and the doctor begins to behave oddly. Meanwhile, a madman is murdering the local citizens and the doctor's wife starts to have suspicions. Right before she is able to uncover the truth, another larger conspiracy quietly comes along. The most prominent heads of state in the world begin gathering for a conference that could have a major impact on global politics. When MI-7 receives word that the Chinese premier has become the target of some high-powered killers, it falls on Johnny English to save the day. Armed with the latest high-tech weaponry and gadgets that would make even James Bond jealous, the once-disgraced agent uncovers evidence of a massive conspiracy involving some of the world's most powerful organisations, and vows to redeem his tarnished reputation by stopping the killers before they can strike. Two rival "brothers-in-law" make a bet that they can stop smoking for 2 weeks. But, it's just not that easy... Set in the late 70s, this gritty and twisted film taps the physical and mental underpinnings of the meaning of the word "brother" in a way reminiscent of the best of late 70s grindhouse and early 80s slashers.   The film opens with the life of Risa (Prilly Latuconsina) a teenage girl who has the ability to see ghost and has three ghost friends, temporary lives with her sister Riri in the absence of parents. A harmless game of "Truth or Dare" among friends turns deadly when someone--or something--begins to punish those who tell a lie--or refuse the dare. An ugly duckling having undergone a remarkable change, still harbors feelings for her crush: a carefree playboy, but not before his business-focused brother has something to say about it. A wannabe Hollywood player sets out to Americanize an Indian girl from the Himalayas. Remington has escaped the evil cabin, but now the evil continues to follow him wrecking havoc where ever he goes. As Chloe and Revel look for a missing sister that went to the evil cabin in the previous installment. The two meet Vincent, a failing tv show host, to help psychicly contact the missing sister. That's when a gunshot rings out in the night and the three meet Remington. Now they all must battle for their lives against the evil that pursues Remington to once and for all lock the evil away for good. A mysterious creature is killing a farmer's livestock. Stenio, the nightshifter of a morgue, has the ability to communicate with the cadavers that are brought to him every night. A doctor whose colleagues a lady doctor (who fell in love with him) and another male doctor got murdered under mysterious circumstances, is happy to get back his ancestral house. But since an image of a woman keeps recurring in his mind, he's branded as mentally unfit and those around him decide to admit him in a hospital. What happened to the doctor in the end? Who's that woman he keeps getting images of? Secure within a desolate home as an unnatural threat terrorizes the world, a man has established a tenuous domestic order with his wife and son, but this will soon be put to test when a desperate young family arrives seeking refuge. Page 16 is a Supernatural thriller. It's a story about an ambitious builder Ajay, whose life turned upside down when he bought a book for his son Harsh. It all started with page 16 of that book where his past and present life gets entangled. After spending money like there is no tomorrow, Gab's parents decide to teach him a lesson by no longer sending him money. With no cash in hand, Gab is forced to work as a part time cashier at a convenient store. While there, he stumbles upon Som, at the same time every night. After finding her in a wet suit in the store, Gab learns that Som has been following him and that only he can communicate with her. Wanting to know what happened to her, Gab sets out to investigate Som's life and figure out how to help her. Seven gutter punks break into a seemingly abandoned warehouse only to find themselves hunted by its bloodthirsty owner. A sex, drugs, and gore throwback to the straight-to-video slasher movies of the early 90s. A wealthy couple from the Pacific Palisades discovers homeless young lovers have moved into their home. A group of friends decide to spend a weekend together at a country house, but an unexpected accident forces them to stop at a strange and remote estate.  In this abandoned and eerie place, a rare antique camera is discovered.  Slowly the camera draws them into a mystical and tragic chain of events that none of them could have seen coming.  Anyone who has their picture taken by the camera sees a photo revealing their death.  Many of them lose their lives in excruciating ways, as they race to solve the mystery of the camera. Dr. Burke Ryan is a successful self-help author and motivational speaker with a secret. While he helps thousands of people cope with tragedy and personal loss, he secretly is unable to overcome the death of his late wife. It's not until Burke meets a fiercely independent florist named Eloise that he is forced to face his past and overcome his demons. The film opens on a water-skiing accident - a girl (Delie) drives a speedboat and pulls a young man (Stan). They are both challenging their own limits when a crash occurs... Stan wakes up from a coma after this serious accident, to find out that genealogists are looking for an individual whose identity corresponds to his. Instead of asking himself questions about this testamentary filiation, he subscribes for Professor Starkov's legacy, and embarks for the country of Las Estrellas... Purging odyssey where intuition and telepathy accelerates the journey in time. Dharma Guns revisits the myth of Orpheus and Eurydice fighting with the tyranny of Time-God... Set in the futuristic Metro City, Astro Boy (Atom) is a young robot with incredible powers created by a brilliant scientist in the image of the son he had lost. Unable to fulfill his creator's expectations, Astro embarks on a journey in search of acceptance, experiencing betrayal and a netherworld of robot gladiators, before returning to save Metro City and reconcile with the father who rejected him. Jeff Bailey seems to be a mundane gas station owner in remote Bridgeport, CA. He is dating local girl Ann Miller and lives a quiet life. But Jeff has a secret past, and when a mysterious stranger arrives in town, Jeff is forced to return to the dark world he had tried to escape. It is not Tag. It is not Battle Royale. It is Battle Royale Tag. Sena walks up to the school rooftop to return Yudachi's handkerchief. Yudachi is not there and Sena falls asleep waiting. It is dark, she is confined and locked up at her school when Sena wakes up. The school has turned bloody red and the girls have to fight to the death. Who will survive the carnage is up to the girls. Young adults become fascinated by the events of the three missing filmmakers in Maryland, so they decide to go into the same woods and find out what really happened. As a preacher investigates the sudden disappearances around his town, a small group of teenagers arrive for summer vacation where they experience gruesome torture & are forced to survive alone. Zach sets out into the wildness of the Georgia Shoals to prove his survival skills for 60 days. Before too long, finding clean water and sufficient scavenged food are the least of his worries when disturbing noises and events disturb his lonely challenge. In 2009, six friends arrive at an isolated cabin to enjoy a long weekend in the snow. An epic snowstorm interrupts their vacation, trapping them on the mountain and resurrecting the haunting ghosts of the Donner Party. But, are they true 'entities' or is it simply 'cabin fever' that brings out their fears and darkness, causing friends to turn against each other as reality deteriorates around them. A young woman enlists in an underground game of pain endurance in the hope of winning the million dollar prize. She soon learns the real opponent is the man who's running the game, as he employs horrific methods to manipulate and defeat her. The film was supposed to be releasing end of 2017 or beginning of 2018 but got delayed due to cat-fight between two female lead Nusrat and Sayantika, which refused to work together. What many are saying is the most disturbing film of 2018, Watch if you Dare revolves around a series of horrifying incidents. If you press play, look away ;) A scanner discovers a plot by renegade elements in the city government to take power with the help of evil scanners. In 1928 a satanic cult is killed off and house burnt down, in a small PA town . The film pick's up in the camp they ran 90 years later. With the ruins near by and tales of disappearances, odd happenings. Story's seem to haunt Camp Hideaway, monsters, killers, even aliens... Are the owner, towns people, decedent's killing off the campers?  Or is it possible theirs truths to these horrific tales? As the body count continues , Dana ( Tina Krause ) hopes to find out while saving her friends. An entry-level employee at a powerful corporation finds himself occupying a corner office, but at a dangerous price--he must spy on his boss's old mentor to secure for him a multi-billion dollar advantage. A job monger, Shiva who ends up as a taxiwala only to realise his ride is a beyond what anyone can expect. Busi, a young destitute woman with dangerously repressed emotions, lands a job as a cleaner at a rundown hospital in the heart of Johannesburg. Desperate for the money so she can bring her younger sister to Johannesburg, she must cope despite the predatory and corrupt hospital manager. When Busi discovers an abandoned young girl in the hospital, who believes she is tormented by a supernatural force, Busi must face her own demons from her past in order to save the child from the abusive monster that pursues them both relentlessly. Anthology film consisting of 9 shorts featuring blood, action and horror. A 16 year old girl takes up with a charming young man who quickly shows his colors when he beats a friend simply for walking with her and then goes totally ballistic after she tries to break up with him. Investigation thriller revolves around a murder mystery which happened in a resort. FBI agent Joel Campbell, burnt-out and shell-shocked after years spent chasing serial killers, flees L.A. to begin a new life for himself in Chicago. But five months later, Joel's best laid plans are abruptly cut short when his new hometown becomes the setting for some particularly gruesome murders--murders that could only have been committed by one man: David Allen Griffin. One of Joel's most elusive and cunning nemeses, Griffin has followed his former pursuer to Chicago in order to play a sadistic game of cat and mouse. Taunting Joel with photographs of his intended victims and leaving his crime scenes meticulously free of clues in order to keep the police at bay, Griffin derives as much pleasure out of watching Joel react to every movement as watching his victims die. But when Griffin moves into Joel's inner circle, Joel must quickly find some way to stop him before someone close to him becomes the next one to die. After being part of a ritual, a nun will discover a secret that can endanger all those around her. EVIL BONG 777 leaves off where last year's EVIL BONG 666 left off. Our scowling weed-spewing Eebee is out of "Sexy Hell" and heading to Sin City with danger on her tail. She's joined by her whack pack of fabulous freaks: Faux Batty, Rabbit, Misty and The Gingerweed Man. Get ready for a tidal wave of smutty, skunky, surreal insanity as the gang gets into all manner of misadventures. Can Vegas handle this gaggle of ganja-fied weirdos? For years, the infamous Blackwood Forest was terrorized by the Camp Blood Killer. Now, the killer is back as a vengeful spirit seeking revenge from beyond the grave. A Killer Stalks and Terrorizes a group of Sorority Girls on a College Campus.  Venkat meets with an accident in which Divya loses her life. However, she starts to haunt him as a ghost. What does she want? The greedy Braylon owns the Just Rite Sugar Company and has hired the unethical scientist Sergei to conduct an experiment to make an addictive sugar stronger than heroin or nicotine to increase his sales. Sergei uses invisible people as test subjects, like beggars, addicted junkies and illegals, in the clandestine Shadow Rock Mill. When Braylon's men mistakenly kidnap Ryan, who is the brother of his secretary Erin and son of his security chief Griff, and Hannah, the youngster becomes an important non-contaminated subject. However, Erin receives some mysterious e-mails from the unknown Cinderella with a picture of Ryan and a hint that he might be in Shadow Rock and together with her father, they decide to seek out Ryan. A young couple looking for a gift enter a mysterious bookstore where they are magically transported into the worlds of the books. Princes who have been turned into Dwarfs seek the red shoes of a lady in order to break the spell, although it will not be easy. Remake of 'I Married a Monster From Outer Space' VHS Madman Victor McCoy is searching for the ultimate collector's prize in the form of an obscure release called THE FORCE BENEATH, directed by insane film-maker Verner Banks. Victor will go to any lengths to obtain the reclusive tape once he finds the sole owner. Meanwhile, in the town, a madman dressed as the Chainsaw Killer begins a terror-filled rampage, slaughtering anyone in his path with the roaring saw! What is the connection between the killer and the lost film? Can the local Sheriff stop the bloodshed? Ever since Vivek got married to college sweetheart Ann, he hasn't been in touch with his childhood friends. Four years later, Ann invites his friends for a surprise reunion to their pre-independence era bungalow which is rumoured to be haunted. Hitchhiking ghosts, haunted hotels, possessed dolls, famous graveyards and murder sites. Join the Haunted Routes crew as they map out the ultimate haunted road trip, stopping at such locations as Salem Massachusetts, Sleepy Hollow, Blood Manor, Troma Entertainment and many others, all the while sharing insight on the paranormal that celebrate the morbid and macabre. In the peaceful town of Snowfield, Colorado something evil has wiped out the community. And now, its up to a group of people to stop it, or at least get out of Snowfield alive. The "Amazon Livestock Project," a mysterious care facility, the Amazon extermination organization 4C (Competitive Creatures Control Center) pursuing Haruka Misuzawa . . . all come together in a tale of symbiosis and competition; the mortal combat between the carnivore and herbivore. And, finally, an end to the troubles and conflicts of the Riders, two beings confronting a fierce fate. During the liberation of India, an old-fashioned man must examine his priorities. A bachelor party becomes a savage fight for survival when the groomsmen unwittingly unleash a fabled predator upon the festivities. Feature film adapted from the V/H/S (2012) anthology segment 'Amateur Night.' Frank's had enough. A spirit medium whose unique and grotesque method of channeling the dead is putting his own life at risk, he wants out. But others, in this world and the next, have plans of their own. Part body horror, part crime thriller, part ghost story, The Stomach is a unique tale of Supernatural Noir. A trifecta of 80s throwback terror with mauling monsters, home invasions gone haywire and stomach-turning human sacrifice. A Manny Velazquez underground independent horror film about a teenager who visits a burial ground and finds a Egyptian cross that awakens an evil curse that takes on the form of demented looking puppets that kill. An internet broadcaster recruits a handful of people for their 'experience the horror' show at Gonjiam Psychiatric Hospital, a place selected as one of the '7 freakiest places on the planet'. They are to explore the haunted asylum and stream it live on their online show. Memento Mori is about a girl who's stuck in a dream circle, reliving key moments of a traumatic event. What happened to her? And will she survive this nightmare before time runs out? The party was supposed to start at 7:02 pm. It was election night 2008. The first African- American President of the United Stated was to be elected...but K.D, had other plans for the night...and the Devil had other plans for him. Over the course of the next 24 hours, six friends who thought they were coming over to have a good time, find themselves spiraling down the rabbit hole...to hell. When aspiring model Jesse moves to Los Angeles, her youth and vitality are devoured by a group of beauty-obsessed women who will take any means necessary to get what she has. When aspiring model Jesse moves to Los Angeles, her youth and vitality are devoured by a group of beauty-obsessed women who will take any means necessary to get what she has. Stranded on an island during a zombie outbreak, a polyamorous triad sit down for dinner, but little do they know the island is the only place affected by the virus and will be bombed by midnight. Four student filmmakers set out to explore an abandoned building famous for its connection with the occult, but as their journey becomes littered with strange behavior and unexplained phenomena, it becomes clear the horror they are attempting to document may already be lurking among them. Flatland is a two-dimensional universe occupied by living geometric figures - squares, triangles, circles, etc. A Square, Attorney At Law, finds himself in the middle of two upheavals: the rise of martial law by the circular leadership of Flatland, and the arrival of A Sphere, CEO Of Messiah, Incorporated, a creature from a hitherto-unknown third dimensional world. The breastplate of Attila the Hun is stolen as it has clues to the location of the Sword of Mars. It is said the Sword of Mars made Attila invincible and is guarded by Cerberus. When Rio Tard finds a magical box in the wall, all hell breaks loose. After another deadly shark attack, Ellen Brody decides she has had enough of New England's Amity Island and moves to the Caribbean to join her son, Michael, and his family. But a great white shark has followed her there, hungry for more lives. Shiva(Manoj Nandan) is a normal middle class guy who dreams of becoming an actor. He tries hard but does not get any break. Seeing his pathetic situation, Shiva's friend Madan(Anil Kalyan) decides to rent out his ancestral property. To his good luck a movie unit comes forward to shoot their film in the estate. Six eager students strike out to explore and record live footage of supernatural activity at an abandoned plantation, but one unsettled spirit gives them more than they asked for. A whimsical house goes up for sale. Who will buy it? And who created it? Based on the 1930's comic strip, puts the hero up against his arch enemy, Shiwan Khan, who plans to take over the world by holding a city to ransom using an atom bomb. Using his powers of invisibility and "The power to cloud men's minds", the Shadow comes blazing to the city's rescue with explosive results. Four girls find themselves in a reform school run by an evil woman that joins forces with her equally demented scientist brother who creates a serum to turn attractive rocker guys into lobotomized sex slaves for his underground porn business. The scientist brother laces Girl Scout cookies with the serum while his sister offers full pardons to the girls to sell them. They are aware that they aren't your average cookies and agree. The evil plan backfires and the rocker guys turn into flesh-eating zombies and terrorize the town. It's up to the girls to clean up the mess and restore peace before it's too late. The iconic creatures from two of the scariest film franchises in movie history wage their most brutal battle ever--in our own backyard. The small town of Gunnison, Colorado becomes a war zone between two of the deadliest extra-terrestrial life forms--the Alien and the Predator. When a Predator scout ship crash-lands in the hills outside the town, Alien Facehuggers and a hybrid Alien/Predator are released and begin to terrorize the town. A vampire, a nihilist, and a murderous dwarf with super powers, come together, aided by the powers of a young woman's magical penis, to fulfill an ancient prophecy and battle an ancient demon. Jonathan Harker receives a mysterious postcard in the mail summoning him to Transylvania. Upon his return, Jonathan's daughters Mina and Lucy are very apprehensive toward their prospective mother-in-law who goes by D. The true story of fraudulent Washington, D.C. journalist Stephen Glass, who rose to meteoric heights as a young writer in his 20s, becoming a staff writer at The New Republic for three years. Looking for a short cut to fame, Glass concocted sources, quotes and even entire stories, but his deception did not go unnoticed forever, and eventually, his world came crumbling down. An omnibus of tales of horror and adventure by the master of suspense Damon Packard A documentary that explores the power of cult film told through the lens of the Monster Squad and the impact it has on fans, cast and crew and the industry. A young boy murders his mother and her lover with a hammer. Ten years later, a wave of teenage murders plagues the same area. A found footage horror/thriller about strange happenings in an apartment block. Sounds familiar right? It is, but I assure you, this is not just another horror movie. We put our own spin on it as the same old formula is getting boring, it won't end predictably, nor will you see the film in the same way after watching it. For the best experience, watch in a dark room with headphones on. 5 students go to a school trip in Karantina Island for History class. But one of them will get lost into an abandoned hospital and her classmates will have to find her, facing paranormal threats along the way. Bonds are tested, wills broken and metal forged in this twisted thriller. Jack and Julia are a couple with secrets, Blanca is a tortured soul with a past and Olivia is hellbent on finding the truth. When four lives collide, there is no escape. From the creators of Bloody Drama comes a story of survival, trust and darkness. Every day, over 200 loving fans watch Scott Atkinson play horror games online. After a lifetime of failures and false starts, streaming games is the only thing he's good at...until it becomes a nightmare.  Enter Livescream - a mysterious horror game sent to him by an anonymous fan. At first, he thinks the game is a low quality indie title. But when his followers start dying one by one, he soon realizes the game is far more sinister. Now, Scott will be forced through nine levels of video game hell, each level representing a different horror game niche, in order to walk away alive. A supernatural horror movie While caring for his ailing wife, an American engineer in Pakistan stumbles upon a deadly pharmaceutical conspiracy. The first World War rages on when a group of American soldiers find a mysterious artifact that can summon the ancient evil of the Krampus. After the men are killed in action, the artifact is sent to the commanding officer's widow who is a teacher at a small-town orphanage. The orphans accidentally summon the Krampus and the teacher, and her pupils are forced to battle this ancient evil. Recently deceased, a white-sheeted ghost returns to his suburban home to console his bereft wife, only to find that in his spectral state he has become unstuck in time, forced to watch passively as the life he knew and the woman he loves slowly slip away. Passengers and crew on a flight are attacked by unseen forces that threaten all aboard. India, 1918. On the outskirts of Tumbbad, a cursed village where it always rains, Vinayak, along with his mother and his brother, care of a mysterious old woman who keeps the secret of an ancestral treasure that Vinayak gets obsessed with. The journey of a woman scientist who, at the end of times, discovers that true Faith can bring Miracles. Six paranormal ghost hunters are competing to stay in the most haunted house in New York , the winner gets one million dollars. Little do they know they are being set up to be tortured and killed by a ghoulish soul - a bloody nun . Three close friends Fuad, Fadli and Fendi stumble upon a lifeless body by the roadside and, in their panic, have tampered with the crime scene by touching the knife next to the body. They decide to wrap and bury the body. Instead of tying a knot at the top of the wrap, they tie it sideways so that they can easily identify it as the body they have buried if the police ever discover it. However, things do not go well for them after that night as they are haunted by the spirit of the dead man. They seek for help from Mimie to look for the body again, hoping that the spirit will not disturb them anymore after getting a proper burial. Two estranged sisters are forced to rob a bank in order to save their brother. But this is no ordinary bank. Following the death of their mother, an identical twin pulls away to establish her own independence, while the other unravels and plots to end her sister's new beginning. Inspired by true events. On The Doll is a story of the victims of child abuse, and the pain it visits upon their later lives. With interweaving stories following victims and victimizers, the film depicts the variety of experiences of abuse. American professor John Holden arrives in London for a conference on parapsychology only to discover that the colleague he was supposed to meet was killed in a freak accident the day before. It turns out that the deceased had been investigating a cult lead by Dr. Julian Karswell. Though a skeptic, Holden is suspicious of the devil-worshiping Karswell. Following a trail of mysterious manuscripts, Holden enters a world that makes him question his faith in science. Brad, a local has-been rock star, spends his days balancing married life with his partying friends. Then he meets a mysterious woman who ignites a dark turn of events. Two gangsters kidnap a psychic to find out where the man they murdered buried the loot. As Lakshmi learns to accept the setbacks and begins a new chapter in her life, her daughter, Thara goes missing. She embarks on a journey in search of her daughter and comes across four strangers - a paranormal investigator, a photographer, and two local thieves. The film is the mysterious tale of five strangers who come together to find a missing child. In the course of a demonstration in Rome against the opening of a refugee center, an apocalypse of zombies breaks out. Enrico, an ultra-rightist young man lying on his identity, finds refuge in the center. The only safe place for him is this refugee camp that he did not want, while the dead are walking outside. University students investigate a noise phenomenon in haunted woods known as 'th'rattlin'. A vegetable vendor marries a girl against her father's wish. The couple, with the help of their respective mothers, manage to hide it from the girl's father till she gives birth to a child A pansexual, polyamorous trio kidnap a 'pray-the-gay-away' evangelical conversion therapist and torture him until he sees the light. A 17 year old girl is torn between her religious parents and free spirited friends and can't seem to please either. Hoping to reconcile the two sides of her life, she invites her friends to her parents church - only for all hell to break loose. Weird apparitions and ghostly creatures drive the teenagers to breaking point, leaving the confused adults with no alternative but to saving the their souls via exorcism!. Scares, screams and laughs abounded in this original horror comedy. When a zombie named Euphrosyne awakens after a century-long slumber, she finds herself coming face-to-face with a group of five university students - a stand-off that leads to a bloody battle for all concerned, revolving around a secret stone hidden in the depths of the campus' archives. The undead are former militia soldiers that are now indestructible snipers. A widow goes looking for the body of her husband but comes across a corpse that wants to end his new unjust life. Kids in a red forest are stalked Set in a 19th-century european village, this stop-motion animation feature follows the story of Victor, a young man whisked away to the underworld and wed to a mysterious corpse bride, while his real bride Victoria waits bereft in the land of the living. After being hypnotized by his sister in law, Tom Witzky begins seeing haunting visions of a girl's ghost and a mystery begins to unfold around her. After their father died, a family is being haunted by an unknown spirits. Wanting to save the house of her beloved grandmother from being sequestered, paranormal expert Carmel Monseratt (Kim Chiu) and her "bebest" best friend Jerald "Jeje" Zee-Yan (Ryan Bang) have decided to form a squad of ghost busters with their misfits buddies Bagang (Pepe Herrera), Ponzi (Lassy Marquez), and Basha (Moi Bien) in order to meet both ends. Chandra Mukhi is an angel who lands on earth in search of her magic wand. She must get it before a devil named Dhola lays his hands on it. Alyssa moves into a luxury apartment complex but is unaware she is being watched by her disturbed landlord, Robert, via hidden cameras. Robert will do anything to fill the void left by his estranged daughter-even if that means replacing her. Suzanne wasn't always this confused. She wasn't always dead either - When an ex-con takes a job as a handyman for an unstable elderly woman to avoid a parole violation, it becomes a choice he may regret. A rural police officer investigates the bizarre case of a headless woman's body. The prime suspect blames the crime on the appearance of a legendary monster. Passengers on a murder mystery train that crashes into a river must decide whether to risk waiting for help in the wreckage or take their chances in the murky depths below. Late one night, a mysterious car is brought into the Chicago police impound garage after a deadly traffic accident. The on-call mechanics soon discover the car has a mind of its own. With hundreds of horsepower and two tons of reinforced steel at its command, it's a seemingly unstoppable killing machine capable of outrunning -- and outwitting -- humans. When children start disappearing, a rebellious teen under house arrest starts to suspect that a legendary evil, a boogeyman known as the Cucuy, might be responsible. A re-imagining of the old mystical folklore that follows a woman and a tight-knit Jewish community that is besieged by foreign invaders. She conjures a dangerous creature to protect them but it may be more evil than she ever imagined. A man being investigated for his girlfriend's murder sets out on a two-day journey to explore their debauched city in the back of a rented limo. A horror-comedy slasher set in the 80's about a woman wrongfully fired from her office job and forced to take on a temporary job on a crime scene cleanup crew. With a maniacal serial killer on the loose leaving them lots of work, did he ever leave the scene of the crime? Tune in and DIE. The Collector's midnight Halloween special comes once a year. Sink your fangs into four tales of TRUE terror, each more horrifying than the last. Follow the story of a group of teens in search of a missing body, a babysitter's horrifying night, a vampire porn star, and two girls as they uncover what may be the end of the world as we know it. This is - WEIRD FICTION.  --Jacob Perrett A retelling of the Greek myth of Phaedra. In modern Greece, Alexis's father, an extremely wealthy shipping magnate, marries the younger, fiery Phaedra. When Alexis meets his stepmother, sparks fly and the two begin an affair. What will the Fates bring this family? Alexis's roadster and the music of Bach figure in the conclusion. A trio of young film-makers shooting a survival video in the woods are menaced by a strange creature. Sixty years ago an unimaginable tragedy struck the Ruth Lee Elementary School when a little girl named Rosa Leigh was killed along with her teacher and the school's janitor. Now, four paranormal investigators seek to debunk the claims which surround the abandoned school. However, they inadvertently release the darkness which dwells within the school. A quaint Australian fishing village is overcome by meteorites that turn its residents into the ravenous undead, leaving a small group of those unharmed to find a way out. A family of cannibalistic pilgrims attacks a restaurant that stays open for Thanksgiving. "Signal Cross Over is about assisted love suicide and the noisy transition into the afterlife. He is dead and, with his guidance, she will join him via a ritualized live cremation process. Shot on an old studio tube camera from 1983, all effects were done live with alcohol, glass, fire, and lights. The sounds were also created using old technology: a burning ear cone/candle, a police scanner, and a Theremin. The music of the afterlife consists of old-time Gospel, Hindu devotionals, an Islamic call to prayer, and pre-Christian Celtic folk singing. The songs were shredded, performed, and then remixed to signify all of the souls passing on." - Kristie Alshaibi Young dancers gather in a remote and empty school building to rehearse on a cold and wintry night. The all-night celebration soon turns into a hallucinatory nightmare when they learn that their sangria is laced with LSD. A young camgirl discovers that she's inexplicably been replaced on her site with an exact replica of herself. Best friends Alice and Darlene take a trip to Thailand after graduating high school. In Thailand, they meet a captivating Australian man, who calls himself Nick Parks. Darlene is particularly smitten with Nick and convinces Alice to take Nick up on his offer to treat the two of them to what amounts to a day trip to Hong Kong. In the airport, the girls are seized by the police and shocked to discover that one of their bags contains heroin. An opportunistic Texas gambler and the exiled Creole daughter of an aristocratic family join forces to achieve justice from the society that has ostracized them. At the end of WWII, Hitler ordered operation Scarecrow to a small SS outpost in the Seelow Heights of Germany. Nobody knew of the existence of this clandestine operation until 70 years later when FBI agent John Fox runs across a vilgiante known as the Red Wolf. After killing the Red Wolf, Agent Fox learned the shocking secret of operation Scarecrow. Fox then travels to Germany and meets Pastor Gabriel who unites Fox with a group of outlaws stuck on an SS outpost fighting the remnant Scarecrows of the Third Reich. Only they can save the world from this new evil that if undefeated could bring about a 4th Reich.  --Timothy Scott Wimer Jr When the moral values of a longtime wetwork black ops agent is tested during his last operation, he receives an unfavorable psych evaluation. Now he is given a break and a seemingly uncomplicated assignment of simply protecting the security of a young female code announcer, code resources and remote station they are assigned to. After an ambush and one phone call later, it becomes a complicated fight for their survival. John Pinette has been cracking up audiences around the world for more than 15 years. He was named Stand-Up Comedian of the Year by the American Comedy Awards in 1999 and he received a Gemini Award nomination for his superb televised performance at The Montreal Comedy Festival in 2000. This Traveltalk series entry highlights the architecture, monuments, and tourist sites of Quebec. We also hear some of the city's history and visit the nearby Plains of Abraham. A few college friends, who go on a fun trip to a forest, get trapped there. One of them who possesses supernatural powers help them fight against an evil force which trouble them throughout the journey. The three offerings in Pelita Bangsa high school is a mystery. Rumors say the offerings is a school effort to soothe the souls of the students who commit suicide for being bullied. Alanda (Amanda Manopo) attempts to break the bullying chain at school. Unlike the other students who are resigned when Bianca (Steffi Zamora), Davi (Jeff Smith) and their gang act arbitrarily, Alanda dare to fight. Alanda's mission makes her two best friend, Riza (Angga Yunanda) and Keyra (Chantiq Schagerl), anxious. One night, Alanda is framed. Due to depression, Alanda decides to commit suicide. Alanda's anger makes her spirit uneasy and encourages her to take revenge on the people who have destroyed her. Because of his lover's refusal to come to the name of Vu - his best friend, Su Su too heartbreaking suicide. Since that tragic event, Vu Yen has always been in his heart, even often dreaming of nightmares. A badly injured fugitive explains to a priest how he came to be in his present predicament.  As a killer named Cinderhella stalks the student body at the high school in Grizzly Lake, a group of co-eds band together to survive while they're all serving detention. The Great Dante, a prestigious magician, accidentally dies during a risky magic trick. Thirty-five years later, his son Lorenzo, also a magician, presents a show at one of the city's most important theaters. From this point on, a series of murders will begin to occur that someone tries to pin on him. Lorenzo will have to find out who it is and why this person wants to implicate him The spoiled daughter of a well-to-do plantation owner is forced to use every means at her disposal to claw her way out of poverty, following Maj. Gen. William Sherman's destructive "March to the Sea," during the American Civil War. An American woman is stranded in a German airport when she witnesses someone sabotaging a plane. After thirty years of marriage, a middle-aged couple attends an intense, week-long counseling session to work on their relationship. A carnival knife thrower hopes to marry a scantily clad carnival girl. A modern range war -- modern for 1928 -- complete with oil derricks in the backyard, horsemen being pursued by motorcyclists, and there's stunt flyer Al Wilson to save the day. The new horror ensemble from Five Star continues the journey into the darkest and scariest hour of the night: 3AM. When man and spirit, the living and the dead, find each other again. What happens when the undead return to life? In a world ravaged for years by a virus that turns the infected into zombie-like cannibals, a cure is at last found and the wrenching process of reintegrating the survivors back into society begins. An eccentric millionaire and his grandchildren are embroiled in the plights of some forest gnomes who are searching for the rest of their tribe. While helping them, the millionaire is suspected of being crazy because he's seeing gnomes! He's committed, and the niece and nephew and the gnomes have to find him and free him. When an ambitious sorcerer summons three eldritch spirits from the darkness between the stars and they mistakenly transform into vampires straight from the 1980's, it's up to three fast-talking slayer sisters to put a stake in the lost boys and silence the sorcerer before the town gets bled dry. Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon is recruited by the Vatican to investigate the apparent return of the Illuminati - a secret, underground organization - after four cardinals are kidnapped on the night of the papal conclave. Yeh, a gifted student, transfers to Edison Junior High, a private school renowned for its academic performance. Disturbed by the gloomy atmosphere and distorted institutions, the rebellious Yeh begins to challenge everything he sees and feels. Little does he know that he is slowly falling into the treacherous trap of the mysterious "Dorm 420". A woman uses her magic powers and a vicious Rotweiller dog to murder her relatives. Five friends who loves to upload extreme videos to YouTube, went to Alas Pati also known as the forest of death. Eight unsuspecting high school seniors at a posh boarding school, who delight themselves on playing games of lies, come face-to-face with terror and learn that nobody believes a liar - even when they're telling the truth.   After getting into a cemetery to take pictures for his website, Ludovic is caught by the old grave keeper. Waiting for the police, he shows Ludovic his book of tombs inside which are the most bizarre and intriguing stories he's witnessed. Two married couples set out to go on a trip to a marriage retreat to enhance their marriage, but is faced with dark evil along the way. As darkness falls upon them, secrets are revealed. Trust is no longer among them and what was supposed to be a moment of beautiful memories becomes a nightmare. Bella & Rama once again have to save their family from evil spirits that haunted them. A group of kids agree to explore an abandon house in order to win a reality show contest, which requires them to prove that the stories of the evil Kuntilanak are real. They soon discover that the ghost is very much real when it appears from an old mirror and starts haunting them. There's a killer on the loose and there strangling hookers mostly from an escort service called Tasty Chicks. Police are on the case and are trying to track down the killer. Meanwhile a drifter is picked up by one of the hookers after he saves her from an abusive john. He is brought back to there whore house after he was shot by the john and is nursed back to health. He is offered a job to protect the girls from the killer targeting them. But he soon discovers something is strange going on in the house and there is more of a threat than just the strangler on the loose.  Langgir Janaka is hated by her mother. Langgir had three best friends. One time they went to vacation on a villa. Their friendship was tested there. David ans Sarah didn't meet together since the murder of their both parents. The young woman receive a weird book from her uncle displaying misunderstanding contents. Sarah asked David to go with her to their uncle to find some answers. At the same time three mobsters flew to the border to escape authorities after a bank robery. All of them will be trapped in a freaky situation who led them to the depths of Hell. Death, destruction, awakening of the Beast will follow. This entry in MGM's "Crime Does Not Pay" series deals with shady companies selling fake merchandise. In a small town in Massachusetts, four high school girls perform a ritual in an attempt to debunk the lore of Slender Man. When one of the girls goes mysteriously missing, they begin to suspect that she is, in fact, his latest victim. Darren, Lou, Jo and Mas live a meager existence on the fringes of poverty. Indebted to the criminal kingpin of their social housing development, they routinely fear for their lives. On the other side of town, the already wealthy Marcus and his disabled brother Clive receive a windfall in the form of a winning lottery ticket. When their worlds collide following a botched robbery, the would-be criminals get more than they bargained for, and will be tested to their limits in a desperate attempt to survive a predator of monstrous proportions. An American family on holiday in Africa becomes lost in a game reserve and stalked by lions. The classic story of English POWs in Burma forced to build a bridge to aid the war effort of their Japanese captors. British and American intelligence officers conspire to blow up the structure, but Col. Nicholson , the commander who supervised the bridge's construction, has acquired a sense of pride in his creation and tries to foil their plans. A man with partial blindness and a young pregnant police officer must work together to escape a deadly virus that has spread across Grey County. A comedy/horror mockumentary that chronicles the unravelling of a production team who are attempting to produce the ultimate reality TV show pilot "Extremely Haunted Hoarders". The team consists of a Professional Organizer, a Psychologist, two ghost hunters, and a crew of junk removers. They arrive in Rockford, Ohio, the hoarder capital of America. There they meet Murph Evans, a legendary hoarder with three crammed and condemned mansions. In their efforts to de-clutter the properties and reform Murph's habit, the intervention unearths a literal house of horrors. Twisted horror segments intertwined with cute, fluffy, family-friendly hamster videos. The filmmakers were so preoccupied with whether or not they could, they didn't stop to think if they should. A reality show team encounters a group of deranged killer clowns. Nick Greene is a documentary filmmaker recording his move from London to a smaller city. As he films his life he starts to notice paranormal activity in his new house and a possible demonic presence. The House on Mansfield Street is a chilling found footage to keep you awake at night. (IMDB) Xiaogin transferred to the third school during his fifth year at high school. During the winter vacation, his grandparents tricked him into returning to the hotel which was founded by his parents. Xiaogin's classmates Little Princess and Lu Qun tagged along uninvited to escape being bullied at school.  While the three boys were temporarily staying at Xiaogin's family hotel, they quickly found out that the hotel was in terrible shape and was also haunted. Xiaogin and his friends have developed an extremely close friendship while they are trying to step closer to the truth. Will they find out the secret that hides underneath the steaming hot springs? Eight friends are being haunted online after one of their friend died. God's Country and the Law is a 1921 American silent drama film produced by Pine Tree Pictures and distributed by Arrow Films. It was directed by Sidney Olcott with Fred C. Jones and Gladys Leslie in the leading roles. It was adapted from the 1915 novel God's Country and the Woman by James Oliver Curwood,which had been previously filmed under that title in 1916. After a freak accident kills one of her friends, Clover discovers that a group of elves have been scattered throughout town, each representing the seven deadly sins. It's a race against time to survive the elves' wrath before Christmas ends... Three strangers from different backgrounds find themselves trapped inside a confined mansion and as they run lows on resources they soon figure out the only way to escape is for one to kill the other two.  The Secret Of Immortal Code A community in the Brazilian countryside has its order disturbed by the arrival of outsiders: a group of teenagers who find out, the hard way, that the Devil exists. Rendy returns to Indonesia with his wife Laura and his two children because his father, Dharma died of suicide. Rendy is shocked by the behavior of her mother who could not speak and act like a madman as if her mother does not want Rendy and his family in her home. A group of friends have theirs whilst visiting a horror experience. On Gary's first day of being homeless, he delves into his new situation with charming resilience--from an attempt at urban homesteading that is at once inspiring and absurd to some creative financing in the name of SunnyD. But it's not until a mysterious goth girl, Tara, inadvertently leads him into a dreamlike world of sinister forces that he is truly challenged and realizes sometimes you've gotta go down in order to rise up. Gary and the Underworld is a super-stylish, no-dialogue feature that speaks through an awesome original soundtrack and immersive imagery to tell a tale of human kindness that addresses--and grapples with--the assumptions we make about what it means to have and have not. This film tells a city that has been surrounded by zombies. In the city there is still a man who still lives with his baby child. His father used a remote control car to get milk and food at a convenience store. They live in an apartment. In the apartment there are a lot of zombies that make him unable to go out to look for food in the apartment. A character continuously carries out attacks for his self satisfaction, after an incident occurred at a festival. An inspirational true story about how a rural community rallied around a distraught family to search for their missing two year-old boy and through doing so changed the lives of many of those involved. A young girl sent to live with her father and his new girlfriend discovers creatures in her new home who want to claim her as one of their own. A nostalgic journey to the universe of cinephilia and the passion for fantasy, told by its specialists, fans and world stars. Barbara Hershey stars as Carla Moran, a hard-working single mother until the night she is raped in her bedroom by someone - or something - that she cannot see. Despite skeptical psychiatrists, she is repeatedly attacked in her car, in the bath, and in front of her children. Could this be a case of hysteria, a manifestation of childhood sexual trauma, or something even more horrific? When scientists discover something in the Arctic that appears to be a buried Pyramid, they send a research team out to investigate. Little do they know that they are about to step into a hunting ground where Aliens are grown as sport for the Predator race. Two women navigate the challenges of life on a wintry day in 1980s Belfast. While Ruby has a cold and gets caught in the rain, Iris is job-hunting but feels lost in the traffic. Based upon the true story of Kimberley T. Zulkowski's Grandmother, Margie Ree Harris. "Grandma's House" gives a compelling insight into how the Executive Producer's life changed when she moved into her Grandmother's home, and their generations became one under the same roof. Chock-full of passion, Faith, and Family, the Film demonstrates the trials and tribulations she faced living with a Grandparent who stood as an inner-city Matriarch and Pillar of Strength to selflessly serve her Family, and surrounding community. Days before the November mid-term Elections, three young girls who are a Muslim, Mexican and Haitian, are stalked by a deranged killer dressed as the POTUS. The greatest horror film ever made. As you've never experienced it before. NOSFERATU RE-ANIMATED Gialli is a blood drenched slasher movie throwback to 70's gore films. Set in the future the world has been split into sectors, humans have captured deviants and force them to fight to the death. Madman Dominion Harvey hosts the immortal wars and televises the show to the entire planet. Trikalypse and fellow deviants will not only fight to survive, but to bring down Dominion Industries. After self righteous rockstar Jonny Splatter puts a bullet in his own head, only five people are chosen to attend the reading of Splatter's will. The manager, the shrink, the guitarist, the lover, and the groupie. Will they get what they came for or what Splatter thinks they deserve? Recruit Tommy - a socially awkward individual, is the subject of teasing and bullying by his army mates. He seeks comfort from the compliments left by his readers on his blog that features fictitious army horror stories he writes in his free time.  Tommy's articles were well-received by his readers, from the story of a sinister spirit that haunts the pioneer batch of National Service cadets enlisted in 1967; to the strange encounters of a commando unit in 1983, believed to be the doings of a vengeful, seductive python spirit...  Among the messages received, an attractive reader who praised Tommy for his article caught his eyes. Mesmerized by her looks, Tommy imagines being in a relationship with her and even doctored pictures of them together.  One day, he received a text message from her and things started to go awry... Add the plot. Furious after getting rejected by a famous dangdut singer Elena, Dirga resorts to using black magic "Jaran Goyang" from his aunt in order to get her love. In the latest chapter of the chilling horror franchise, The Invoking 5: phantoms, paranormal events are captured around the globe in what might be the largest scale haunting ever recorded in human history. A shopping mall underground garage has a cursed parking spaces, parking all suffered all kinds of rare cruel accident, it is said that they died before invariably see a pair of deadpan ghost in the garage. Security Luo Kun (Alex Fong decorated) witnessed all this, although colleagues (Lin Jiadong ornaments) do not believe, but this supernatural thing is constantly coming. On April 19th, 2016, Deputy Leo Cole vanished.  The next morning, his body camera was found. A bunch of rich kids gets envy by two vloggers named The Jackals. They competed to make a horror vlog in a haunted villa. A road trip turns into a spooky nightmare as a family of four is attacked by strange entities  Two families go on holiday together to Europe. Whilst the children enjoy their new found freedom, little secrets start to unravel from within the quartet of adults, sparking conflict. The sequel picks up eight years since the opening night tragedy of HELL HOUSE LLC and still many unanswered questions remain. Thanks to an anonymous tip, an investigative journalist is convinced that key evidence is hidden inside the abandoned Abaddon Hotel - evidence that will shed light on the hotel's mysteries and many unsolved deaths and disappearances. She assembles a team to break into the hotel in hopes of discovering the truth. But the source of the tip and the secrets of the Abaddon Hotel are more horrifying than any of them could have imagined. A stand up comedian with a brutal alter-ego is interrogated by police about the contents of his hard drive. In her celebrated video art serial, Whispering Pines, video and performance artist Shana Moulton tells the ever-evolving story of Cynthia, an anxiety-ridden hypochondriac whose constant search for health and happiness leads her towards fad cures and new age kitsch, creating situations in turn comic, contemplative, and surreal. The mundane objects in Cynthia's world act as portals into her own overactive subconscious, wherein hallucinatory sequences explore the nature of material and spiritual concerns in contemporary culture A suicidal young singer named Reni (Cecilia Bengolea) is about to get kicked out of her band when she meets a male gigolo, Andres (Leonardo Brezicki), at an ATM after he picks her pocket. They begin an affair, and she decides to become a hooker so she can spend more time with her newfound love. Suicide's beginning to look good! Filmed in Buenos Aires. Imagine if David Lynch made plays instead of films, that's FRANKENSTEIN'S CREATURE. You've never seen anything like it. Five strangers who met online decide to shoot a short film in an old mansion but instead experience paranormal activity during their activities. A dysfunctional family seeks vengeance on the townspeople who they feel are looking down at them. The twisted family paints their faces and takes to the street to exact vengeance. An unsuspecting couple and their infant son confront the psychotic family who follow them back to their home. Six ambitious forensic undergrads are pitted against one another on a scientific expedition to a remote island, vying to win an esteemed trainee position with the FBI. Unbeknownst to them, the site was formerly used as an illegal biological testing ground for life-term criminals who were then left for dead. The arrival of the students disturbs the resting place, unleashing a pack of zombie criminal convicts who systematically hunt them down, one by one. Hiromi Nonoyama is a 2nd grade high school student. She finds herself confined in a strange place with nine of her classmates. They are forced to take part in a game that risks their lives.... Bring the feel of the Drive-in home with this Grindhouse anthology. Featuring three tales of horror delivered in a format that's sure to quench the thirst of any fan of the 70's and 80's Drive-in classics. Scientists investigate mysterious disappearances at a research base where it has been reported a savage creature was spotted. Eun Ha, a high school student who can hear the voice of her dead friend, goes on a graduation trip with six of her classmates, and they come across a haunted house. Dong Il takes a wrong JR Productions is proud to present Ticket Zer0 - a feature length horror from the makers of the Clear Skies trilogy.  It's nightshift at a deserted industrial estate.  A troubleshooter is sent in to fix a mysterious long term problem, but the cause is far more sinister than any of them could have imagined.  If you're on nightshift tonight, your number's up... A group of three youtubers who call themselves experts in supernatural beings decide to win public recognition once and for all. For this they plot a plan to capture a being known to all. It is the spirit of a light-haired woman who died in an unknown way and who haunts the bathrooms of schools across the country: the blonde in the bathroom. Husin has been working in Singapore for some time and decides to return to his hometown, Banana Village. Upon returning, he feels that his neighbour Mak Limah is strange as she does not speak nor sleep. He then tells patrons at Pak Munawer's coffee shop that Mak Limah might be a ghost. Pak Abu decides they should investigate further but when they go to her house, she is already a rotting corpse! However, things get more interesting when the village is haunted by a strange occurrences, despite the burial of Mak Limah. A band accidently summons an evil from hell after playing a possessed guitar A D-Day rescue mission turns ugly when a band of Allied soldiers battle with horrific experiments created by the Nazis. Patrick, Jeff, and Justin go to the lake to fish, and their day is ruined when zombies overtake the city. Hoping to find answers to her estranged father's mysterious illness, a young woman visits his old villa and uncovers a horrifying truth from the past. Me and my girlfriend have killed dozens of people over the last years, worthless pieces of filth that won't be missed by anyone.  We also captured some of our murders on video for a small group of like-minded people.  But killing started to get boring, and so I decided to make my last dream become reality and have my girlfriend video tape it.  For ages, I have been dreaming of inflicting actions of hatred and lust on a corpse, and then getting buried next to this last victim. So I kidnapped a 21 year old whore yesterday. I will kill her, bleed her, then let her ripen for four months, in order to commence with my final masterpiece.  These are the videos leading up to my last, most depraved act A depraved scientist falls madly in love with a young woman and turns her lover into a hideous monster for meddling in his diabolical plans.   Jealousy flares after the headmistress of an elite boarding school for girls becomes obsessed with a new student. After barely surviving a furious shootout with the police, Baby Firefly, Otis Driftwood and Captain Spaulding are behind bars. But pure evil cannot be contained. Teaming up with Otis' half-brother Wilson, the demented Firefly clan escape to unleash a whole new wave of murder, madness and mayhem. coming soon After a family went bankrupt and lost their house, they have to move to a haunted hotel. TerrorTales is a collection of 6 tales from the macabre. Featuring a guy who prefers to hang out with the dead, a maniac who likes to play with his victims, an undead abomination wrecks a Christmas party and people are eaten by a deadly fog. Plus more chills and spills.  The widow of a wise professor stumbles upon one of his inventions that's able to record and play a person's memory. In 1630s New England, William and Katherine lead a devout Christian life with five children, homesteading on the edge of an impassable wilderness, exiled from their settlement when William defies the local church. When their newborn son vanishes and crops mysteriously fail, the family turns on one another. When a mysterious "John Doe" wakes up in a morgue and wanders into a psychiatric ward, a devoted doctor and curious medical examiner must slowly uncover dark and sinister secrets about the man that reveal a more horrifying truth than they could have ever imagined. A businessman goes home early to surprise his family and is treated with suspicion, mostly by his wife's bridge club. On August 5, 1947 an astounding announcement was made: Dr. F. Bruce Russell, a retired doctor from Cincinnati, had found a cave with giant mummified remains and artifacts from a lost civilization. Fifteen years earlier a miner broke through a mine shaft and into a tunnel of caverns, which he claimed led to the remains of an ancient people. And before that, one of the men who hauled borax in the big wagons also stumbled upon a cavern with remnants of a forgotten and lost race. All of these accounts take place in Death Valley, the deepest, driest, hottest place in America's Mojave Desert. Filmmaker and Historian Ted Faye takes you on a journey to discover whether there really are caverns of gold and mummies in this most famous desert valley. Included is spectacular scenery, aerial photography, archival footage and photographs, historical reenactments and interviews. The wickedly funny story of three sisters' coming of age in a wildly dysfunctional family, set against the backdrop of the 60's, free love, the Cold War, LSD and the dawn of feminism. Affectionately dubbed "Little Women on acid", this is a story about the destructive effects of secrecy and the bonds of duty between parents and their children. An apartment kitchen: a man and a woman discuss Little Red Riding Hood, their voices hushed, mindful of waking the little girl sleeping next room. Waste land on the city outskirts: behind a line of abandoned trailers, the man silently watches what seems to be a family. The same city, the same man: driving through traffic with two hand-made firing pins for a hunting rifle. The man is 42 years old, his name - Viorel. Troubled by obscure thoughts, he drives across the city to a destination known only to him. Featuring cannibals, zombies and other funny creatures, Blood Clots consists of seven carefully curated, bloody horror stories by seven different filmmakers. An undead projectionist guides the audience through 6 different horror films set in Texas. A fatal oil spill, an explosion and toxic waste collide in the Gulf of Mexico and the results spawn a noxious mutation that terrorizes a beach community. Police sergeant (Devon Hughes)leads the investigation against an unscrupulous CEO (Michael Milhoan), but it's a quirky detective (Brian Edward Kahrs) and a tenacious environmental researcher (Wendi Hughes), who confront the zombie nightmare. The Jiuxian Witch and her Bloody Ghouls Clan (somehow you just know that these aren't the good guys) are planning domination of the Martial Arts world. Standing in their way are two clans who posses a magic mirror each. The two clans enjoy friendly relations, but when one mirror is stolen and the blame seems to rest with the other Clan, suspicions and tempers run high. It's left to the young renegades from each Clan to find the true culprit or culprits, and to ease the tensions of their families. Not to mention ridding the world of the evil Jiuxian Witch. In the quaint little village of Qala, Gozo, Emily Edevane was abandoned with her three little children by her husband. Four decades later, a Maltese documentary crew agrees to spend a day at their now desolate and decaying House to find out why nobody seems to have heard of them since. A photographer's life becomes dangerous when one of his models is murdered. Three sets of tenants in a live/work building have daily lives and/or current stories acutely involving one or more of the five senses. "All I'll share about A SELF-INDUCED HALLUCINATION is this: it's about the internet, and it's quite strange." -Dir. Dan Schoenbrun Nany's mother was killed by an unseen force. 8 years later, Nany went to the school her mom used to be in to study. And then, something is disturbing her. coming soon.. Lady Belladonna is back with another round of suspenseful tales from Pandora's Box, including a vengeful vampire, a misplaced curse, an alien invasion and more tantalizing trips beyond the veil. A nature field researcher is investigating the strange extinction of small animals and insects in the area, which indicates that something is wrong. His suspicions are soon to be proven right when he meets May, who lives in a cabin in the forest nearby. May says that her house is infested by small creatures that she thinks are mice or rats. When the couple search the house further, they notice that they're not rodents or insects. They are fast evolving lizards that have the appetite for animals and humans, no matter what size their prey are... A community in the Brazilian countryside has its order disturbed by the arrival of outsiders: a group of teenagers who find out, the hard way, that the Devil exists. An in-depth look at John Carpenter's 1978 horror classic Halloween. During a weekend in a place with an obscure past, Sergio and Marcos face supernatural threats that reveal a dark destiny. Evan values family above all else, and anyone who gets between him, his wife, and newborn son learns that the hard way. But when it comes to violent tendencies, it seems the apple doesn't fall far from the tree. Sri(Varun Sandeh) is brought up by his grandmother (Sri Lakshmi) after the death of his parents. Sri's grandmother is very protective and she keeps him away from beautiful girls. As a result, Sri is very uncomfortable near women. One fine day, a young and rich girl named Anjali comes up to Sri and proposes to him. Sri blindly refuses. James Bond must investigate a mysterious murder case of a British agent in New Orleans. Soon he finds himself up against a gangster boss named Mr. Big. A young man on the way to meet friends at a train station is derailed into a world full of zombies, homicidal gangs and serial killers in this Niagra of gore. Fun Size Horror Presents "Dark, Deadly & Dreadful", an anthology of short films from Fun Size Horror's community of filmmakers. Each film explores different themes in the horror genre all from the unique perspective of its creator. Featuring work from a diverse group of filmmakers, shorts include submissions to Fun Size Horror, world premiers, and festival winners.  An American girl, Daphne, heads to Europe in search of the father she's never met. But instead of finding a British version of her bohemian mother, she learns the love of her mom's life is an uptight politician. The only problem now is that her long-lost dad is engaged to a fiercely territorial social climber with a daughter who makes Daphne's life miserable. Directed by Jeff Hall; starring Rett Terrell, Alissa Rose Ford, Liam Rose, Laurie Cummings, Christian R. Black, Philip W. Paz, Justin Hendrix, Bill Brewer, and Briana Looby.  A chronic sleepwalker reads from a mysterious book that foretells his impending demonic possession. He then struggles to hold his family together as the ancient evil threatens to consume everything he holds dear. Monsters from space attack earth, two scientists and a couple of teenagers try to stop the extraterrestrial invaders.  The world - devastated by the Great Epidemic - is governed by hordes of living dead. Three men - Igor and Alen, two hunters of dead and a scientist, Gyno - try to give an answer to what has happened to the human race. Alen and Igor leave for two days of hunting to find new "guinea-pigs" for Gyno and meet the most varied characters: a crazy painter, neo-Nazis and a mysterious girl, daughter of the feared Plague-Spreader, supposed craftsman of the epidemic... A bizarre, nihilistic voyage, full of evil, death, drugs, religion and immorality. A filmmaker decides to turn the camera back on and returns to his investigation of the Blackwell Ghost in this sequel documentary. After being provided with new information from someone who knew Mrs. Blackwell personally, the filmmaker begins to follow clues that ultimately bring him back to the haunted house for one final stay. A documentary that shows actual ghost footage captured on camera. Asih gone mad after she killed her own baby and commited suicide. Not far from there, there's this happy couple who just had a baby. But Asih is ready to terrorize them. A small group of Catholics led by an ailing priest believe that Satan intends to become man, just as God did in the person of Jesus. The writings of a possessed mental patient lead them to Peter Kelson, a writer who studies serial killers. They think it's his body Satan will occupy. The youngest in the group, a teacher named Maya Larkin, goes to Peter to investigate further and to convince him to believe in the possibility of Evil incarnate. Other signs come to him as he and Maya them take a journey full of strange occurrences, self-discovery, and an ultimate showdown Camille is heading to the west coast to start new life. Camille has one last night in town and she is house sitting for some extra cash. Question is will this be her last night in Telford, or her last night on this earth? Shortly after a young couple reopen a hotel, a string of cult-like murders begin to unfold around them. Meanwhile, their daughter Chloe finds what appears to be a harmless doll named Tommy and instantly develops a strange attachment to him. The truth behind the murders is quickly revealed and a race to save Chloe from the potential threat of satanic forces begins. The Focusing Effect is a faux-documentary/horror film about three film students who make a doc about breakups, only to push one of their subjects too far. After their airplane crashes behind enemy lines, four soldiers must survive and try to find a way back to their battalion. However, when they come across a local peasant girl the horrors of war quickly become apparent. Rootwood follows two students who host 'The Spooky Hour', a podcast about paranormal phenomena and urban legends. When they are hired by a Hollywood film producer to shoot a horror documentary about the curse of The Wooden Devil, they smell their chance to become famous. Together, with their friend, they enter Rootwood Forest and investigate the area to find out the truth about The Wooden Devil and his victims. After being thrown out of his home by his wife for being promiscuous, Mark finds himself back at Dumpling Farm, a place of youthful memories and parties, but things aren't quite right. His old buddy Ian, who has never left the place, is possessed by a group of demonic, flesh-eating Witches. Using Ian and his farm, these beautiful Witches honey trap Mark and his friends to consume their souls. Come for Tunisia's first horror film, following three students' filmed investigation of weird rumors in a remote village, and stay for the sickening madness, macabre witchcraft, ghastly beheadings, and gory cannibalism. Carl returns to document the strange occurrences that continue to take place on the farm. A traumatized, alcoholic Dan Torrance meets Abra, a kid who also has the ability to "shine." He tries to protect her from the True Knot, a cult whose goal is to feed off of people like them in order to remain immortal. Melina loses one of her twin children. Her surviving child, Flora, grows into a moody and mysterious child. When Flora turns five years old, Melina's family got an unseen disorder and the death of the closest people. Melina herself is threatened with death. Daniel, Melina's husband, finds out what happen to his family. It turns out to be related to their dead baby. The more Daniel reveals the veil of mystery, the greater the danger that lurks the life of his family. Counselors are being killed off at summer camp, and Sam (Fran Kranz) is stuck in the middle of it. Instead of contacting the cops, he calls his friend and slasher-film expert (Alyson Hannigan) to discuss his options. The Freeling family move in with Diane's mother in an effort to escape the trauma and aftermath of Carol Anne's abduction by the Beast. But the Beast is not to be put off so easily and appears in a ghostly apparition as the Reverend Kane, a religeous zealot responsible for the deaths of his many followers. His goal is simple - he wants the angelic Carol Anne. Set in the 70s, 7ujuh tells a tragic story of a group of seven friends who are on their semester break when they decide to take a road trip to a remote bungalow tended by the village head and his daughter, Suri. With a rollicking "frat party" in mind, they request Suri to stay on to help them with serving and cleaning. However, the wild party goes out of hand. A rich businesswoman is murdered and her body goes missing, putting her husband high on the investigating cop's suspect list. The sequel to "A Meowy Christmas" pits Ms. Whiskers and Chuck against supernatural evil! Or something like that. This muti-award winning film is Based on true events, CALLOUS is an unpredictable and violent ride on the shoulders of Garrett Blackfoot. Based on true events. On the edges of Las Vegas, 17-year-old Andrew's life is spiraling out of control. Unable to cope with the loss of his father, Andrew's descent into drugs and violence is gaining momentum, and the once promising young man is now headed for self-destruction. Andrew's mother, helpless to control her son and fighting an addiction of her own, refuses to watch idly as her only child destroys himself. As a last resort, she hires a private company to forcibly kidnap and confine him in a locked-down and corrupt psychiatric hospital. As Andrew is subjected to the secret physical and emotional abuses of the program something inside him is re-awakened. He must somehow get free to save what's left of his life, but to do that, he knows he must first face his own demons head-on. The full feature-length documentary about filmmaker Adam Green / ArieScope Pictures' (HATCHET, FROZEN, "Jack Chop") 20 year tradition of making Halloween short films just for fun in between the real feature films and television shows. In October of 1998 Adam Green and Will Barratt threw together a short film called "Columbus Day Weekend" to screen at a Halloween party. Little did they know that it would give birth to an annual tradition that would span two decades and spawn a feature film and television production studio that would become a leader of the indie horror scene. FOR THE LOVE OF HALLOWEEN is a walk down memory lane with all of your favorite key players from the ArieScope family as they share the candid stories behind 20 years of Halloween shorts. A group of drunk students kills a person in road accident and disposes the body. The ghost of deceased starts to get revenge. A young-wife desperate to give her beloved comatose and dying husband a child considers her only option: cloning.  Giving birth to a son fulfills her dream of having a family. But the arrival of the baby awakens a supernatural presence unleashing unexpected results.  The family must make an impossible choice and live with a secret forever. (DCIFF)  Private investigator Azman is requested to handle a case involving a neglected house. As he works on the case and tries to solve it, he comes to realise that the house has its own horrifying history. Satria's employees intend to rob his house when he is out of the country but their robbery turns into murder when they find Suzzanna in the house as they bury her body in the backyard.  On New Year's Eve, Qingyi (Athena Chu) and her son, Dawa, were waiting for her husband to come home from work but he never showed up. Meanwhile, Dawa keeps seeing a stranger who is invisible to Qingyi. Leaving Dawa under the care of her neighbour, she heads to the village to find out her husband's whrereabouts. Qingyi returns home and sees a stranger hiding in her house... A group of former computer University colleagues and their partners meet for dinner after several years only to share one of the most secret files on the Internet. Two alluring young ladies live with their beautiful widowed aunt on a secluded wooded estate. The women have earned themselves quite a reputation in the surrounding towns and men from all over the region are frequent visitors to the small countryside home, hoping to encounter one, or preferably both, of the seductive nieces. Of course, the aunt has equally strong desires and refuses to be outdone. Soon all three are offering the many courters the chance to Come Play with Me! Emmy who lives in the UK, comes to India to organised a real life game. The game is launched in India. 5 players from 5 states participate in it to win Rs. 2 Crore. Three young boys and two beautiful girls become the part of the game. During the slavery period in Brazil, a sugar cane farm was the stage for the darkest kinds of horrors. Years later, the place's cruel past is still stained in its walls, even if unnoticed, until a series of strange events starts happening and death returns to the farm. The film is divided in five short horror stories. Death By Fire World Tour  A mysterious warrior teams up with the daughter and son of a deposed Chinese Emperor to defeat their cruel Uncle, who seeks their deaths. After the death of her father, Little Voice or LV becomes a virtual recluse, never going out and hardly ever saying a word. She just sits in her bedroom listening to her father's collection of old records of Shirley Bassey, Marilyn Monroe and various other famous female singers. But at night time, LV sings, imitating these great singers with surprising accuracy. One night she is overheard by one of her mother's boyfriends, who happens to be a talent agent. He manages to convince her that her talent is special and arranges for her to perform at the local night club, but several problems arise.  Rachel has lived for years with the guilt of accidentally letting her younger sister Hannah drown when they were children. But sometimes guilt is not enough. Now, on Hannah's birthday, the ghost of the dead girl returns to haunt and torment her older sister. A distinctive thrill-ride in the company of David Hoyle as Uncle David. Following the passing of his father, Aaron Hammond returns to his hometown to help his devastated mother and to confront his past demons. Sifting through his father's belongings, Aaron comes upon a mysterious item that is far more than it seems. After suffering the recent loss of his wife, David Reynolds decides to take his family on a cathartic trip to her home village in Columbia. While en route, they get into a car accident and seek refuge in a secluded inn. While there they find a mysterious young girl, Ana Maria, locked up with cryptic symbols painted on the walls of her cell. Shocked by the treatment of her caretaker, the family sets Ana free only to realize that she is possessed by an evil spirit from centuries past. What's worse, the spirit can jump from person to person, creating a deadly dynamic amongst the once loving family. Now, David must figure out a way to lock the spirit up for good before it destroys him and his family. A look at the lives of  several struggling L.A. musicians. Gwen, a singer-songwriter, is on a quest for the big-time. Working as an assistant to a film production designer, Gwen tries to steal her boss' boyfriend, a veteran rock producer. The producer, meanwhile, is trying to orchestrate a comeback for an '80s band. Mila is a nurse, could not refuse when assigned to take care for Sulastri  at her house. When she arrives at Sulastri's house, it turns out that Sulastri has died. In a world where zombies rule humanities only hope is a rag-tag fighting group who is looking for the cure to end the zombie threat. But will they get to it in time before another group uses it to gain power over the world? It's the return to a world of bloodthirsty zombies: Lt. Colonel Sawyer and the residents of the last survivor camp face more and more severe undead attacks.  The film consists of three stories that are interconnected with each other. It starts off at an old school where the guard on duty keeps experiencing spooky happenings during his shift. This prompts the school authorities to call a medium to perform an exorcism to drive the spirits away from the school. In the following story, the medium and his assistant, Saad, is returning from the school when their car crashes. The medium dies from a heart attack. Saad dies when a car hits him. In the final story, Jo, Mansur and Akim are looking for their friend, Rose, who has been possessed and has gone missing. They encounter many strange happenings until they find Saad's and the medium's lifeless bodies by the roadside. An old woman's voice recalls a terrible event from her distant past: on a summer night in 1996, five teenage girls meet in a suburban house, absent of parental supervision. To pass the time, they begin to tell morbid stories of the world outside, trying to best one another in a grim competition. A husband was declared missing during a rock climbing accident. Later, he returned home and strange things began happening around the house. A underground Klu Klux Klan cult plans their attack upon the small town of 'Kellerton' on the night of All Hallows' Eve to fulfill a long term ritual and take full control of the town. After waking up in a hospital with amnesia, professor Robert Langdon and a doctor must race against time to foil a deadly global plot. Troubled artist Cassie suffers with reoccurring visions of murder, which she copes with by committing the violent acts to canvas. But when her visions begin to manifest in real life, her friends and family begin to turn up dead. Realizing her visions actually provide a direct link to the killer, Cassie must now confront her own past in order to stop the murders and save herself. Stan Harris is a procrastinating horror novelist who gets a call from his publisher warning him that he's only got until the end of the night to complete his latest work. As paranormal events start unfolding around him, Stan finds all new inspiration, and danger, while completing his stories. Seven Angels, a famous girl band consists of 7 members from Indonesia is vacationing in Melbourne Australia and getting to know a local singer, Mark Moore. Mark takes them to Aradale Lunatic Asylum, a haunted former psychiatric home that stores a dark and terrible history. In the midst of critical conditions full of weirdness, one by one the secrets behind the thick wall that has existed since 1866, is revealed. There is a vampire who has been quietly stalking the streets of New York City for a hundred years. When she saves a young woman from being sexually assaulted on the stairwell of her building, she has cause to reminisce on a life spent in shadows, fearing the daylight and everyone who walks in it. Admiral James T. Kirk is feeling old; the prospect of accompanying his old ship the Enterprise on a two week cadet cruise is not making him feel any younger. But the training cruise becomes a life or death struggle when Khan escapes from years of exile and captures the power of creation itself. Hoping to make a viral video by streaming a mysterious rope ritual, a couple falls into a deadly curse instead that turns their lives upside down. On a cold December night Logan's babysitter tells him three tales of unspeakable horror. But the most terrifying tale of all is lurking right outside their door. When a Foster Home is stricken by tragedy the few remaining children make a pact to always keep in touch. The year is 2101. South America has become the dumpster for rotten and infected corpses from all over the world. In the middle of this wasteland a man will wake up with no recollection of his past, his present or why was he dumped there in the first place. A masked killer wreaks havoc in a small Italian village, and the police have no leads as the murders get worse with every passing day. A blogger steps up and tries to solve the case, and when he finds a pattern, people around him start dying. Shirley is a caregiver and finds herself working for a strange family living in fear of her father. Doc McCoy is put in prison because his partners chickened out and flew off without him after exchanging a prisoner with a lot of money. Doc knows Jack Benyon, a rich "business"-man, is up to something big, so he tells his wife (Carol McCoy) to tell him that he's for sale if Benyon can get him out of prison. Benyon pulls some strings and Doc McCoy is released again. Unfortunately he has to cooperate with the same person that got him to prison. Rumored to have been lost, Antrum appears as a cursed film from the 1970s. Viewers are warned to proceed with caution. It's said to be a story about a young boy and girl who enter the forest in an attempt to save the soul of their recently deceased pet. They journey to "The Antrum," they very spot the devil landed after being cast out of heaven. There, the children begin to dig a hole to hell. Initially, Dulung knows Aurel and Sky, who have relative science, or unlimited knowledge between the real and unreal worlds. Aurel's beauty, courage and intelligence make Dulung fall in love. That is not favored by Dira, his friend since kindergarten. Friendship in the Dulung Squad community is almost disbanded, because Dulung spends more time with Aurel. Dulung and Aurel are trapped to complete Erzia's affairs, ghosts in a violent school, and Michele, the occupant of the Haunted House. 15 years after the murder of her mother and brother, Rasty (Ardina Rasti) invites four friends to his parents' villa. The visit that is originally just for vacation, ends up far from their expectations. They meet a mysterious little girl named Lily (Rizka Maharani), who befriends an astral figure named Arumi (Rebecca Tamara). Lily and Arumi unlock the secrets of what actually happened 15 years ago. When a virus leaks from a top-secret facility, turning all resident researchers into ravenous zombies and their lab animals into mutated hounds from hell, the government sends in an elite military task force to contain the outbreak. Alice and Rain are charged with leading the mission. But they only have three hours before the pathogen becomes airborne and infects the world. Japanese pink film about a woman being kept captive, first part Japanese pink movie about two women being abducted and kept captive, part 2. A cursed house is host to several generations of terror after a witch casts a spell on it for eternity. Over the ensuing decades, deadly paranormal happenings haunt the home's various occupants, as the evil in the walls grows stronger with every victim. Halloween. Four friends, beautiful girls and an alien invasion that will force them to face monsters of any kind...including the ones from their past. Students begin fighting for their lives when a mysterious virus breaks out. Every year, hundreds of people go missing after using online classified ads. No case is as bizarre and unexplainable as this. In November of 2017, a broken video camera and smart phone were recovered from a recycling centre. The camera houses a memory card that contained disturbing and unexplainable material. This is that material. The following is not for viewers of a sensitive disposition. Vaira Nenjam is a 1975 Indian Tamil film, directed and produced by C. V. Sridhar. The film stars Sivaji Ganesan, Padmapriya, R. Muthuraman and K. Balaji in lead roles. The film had musical score by M. S. Viswanathan This omnibus film tell six stories about the terror of six Indonesian ghosts: Ustaz (Kiky Armando) who is tested by Pocong terror; A woman (Putri Ayudya) is visited by Bajang after abortion; The trick of Sundel Bolong against a pregnant woman (Marya Supraba); Investigation of reporter (Gandhi Fernando) about the mysterious Begu Ganjang legend; A woman (Dea Ananda) who finds her father keeping Genderuwo; and a girl (Btari Cinta) who performs the forbidden dance caller Lehak, a damned creature from legend. Sequel to SUPER Horrifying Story. Cosimo is Italian, Nicole French. They meet in Genoa during the G8 protests and immediately fall in love. Swept off their feet by an overwhelming and uncontrollable passion, they decide never to part. After much wandering they decide to return to Genoa, where they start working for a friend of theirs who organises concerts. Things seem to be going well until a tragic accident almost sours their relationship, as a result of which they're faced with two options that can change their future. Forever. Four new tales of terror:  First up is "The Tattoo" in which Chip wakes up from a blackout with a hangover and a mystical tattoo on the back of his hand. His one-night stand from last night has more information, but something is amiss.  Next is "The Neighbor", where a young widow is woken up with a late night call from her neighbor Ken. A light on in Renee's cottage sends her out in the storm to investigate.  "Planet of the Monkeys" finds four survivors of the ape-pocalypse struggling to cope with the inherent cuteness of their simian overlords.  Finally, in "Number Nine" a downtrodden security guard has taken an interest in the exploits of infamous serial killer, and struggles to stay sane as his murderous daydreaming brings him to attempt to live out his dark fantasies. Sue Ann is a loner who keeps to herself in her quiet Ohio town. One day, she is asked by Maggie, a new teenager in town, to buy some booze for her and her friends, and Sue Ann sees the chance to make some unsuspecting, if younger, friends of her own. After the death of her grandmother, Rosmalina feels that there were supernatural beings living in her house. Reno, Rosmalina's boyfriend, tells her to move to other house. After moving, it turns out that the supernatural creature comes to the cinema where Rosmalina works and always terrorizes her. Finally Rosmalina knows that the supernatural being who always terrorize her to be in close contact with Nayla, her daughter. Rosmalina asks Nayla to expel the supernatural being but Nayla is angry and refuses to be separated. A young Greek photographer boards and an elevator of a very very very very tall building and goes up. A guy gets more than he bargained for after entering into an affair with the wife of an investment banker. Soon, a suspicious death and substantial life insurance policy embroil him in a scandal. Plagued with guilt over the recent murder of his mother, Father Harris takes a desolate country road on his way home from a night of heavy drinking. Startled by a crippled woman in the middle of the street and with no help in sight, the priest follows her deep into the woods where a mysterious cult surrounds him but inexplicably lets him go. Haunted by visions, Father Harris further questions his faith and delves deeper into investigating the demonic cult to satisfy his own morbid curiosity. What he finds is a maelstrom of unmitigated chaos that sends him into insanity and slowly pushes him face to face with pure evil in this chilling horror thriller. Dora, raises her two children with the help of her eccentric family, free-spirited best friend, and a charming poet-turned- nanny. It's "deadtime" again, so turn off the light and enjoy 4 more tales of horror, gore and supernatural mayhem. Sexy vampires, an evil network, a sadistic doctor and an ancient custom are the subjects of tonight's Deadtime Tales that will keep you up with the lights on and door locked. Make tonight a real fright night! Add the plot. A movie featuring four stories.  First is about a psychotic killer clown stalking a young woman. In the second a scream queen gets more than she bargained for when she is interviewed by a TV talk show hostess. The third is a nature run amok tale and the fourth tells the story of an FBI agent investigating a series of brutal murders in a small town. Yeong-cheol is a totally incompetent man in his 40s. He runs a small chicken restaurant, but his fried chicken is the worst-tasting chicken in his village. He loses all his money, which is actually a paltry amount, in the stock market and leads a pathetic life. Worse, he gets bitten by a zombie and becomes one.  One day, his family is plunged into a serious crisis because of the money that Yeong-cheol borrows from loan sharks. Yeong-cheol, who sees himself as totally powerless, fights them to save his family. Baskara, he always experienced bad treatment at school and at home, by his own biological mother Fina. Because he could not stand it, he decided to run away to the house of Om Anton who was his father's twin brother. Taman Lubang Buaya, which is famous because of its creepiness has been choosen for the next vlogging location. Out of the plan, Sisi dissapeared after "Calling" an evil spirit for being famous on social media. Can Sisi finally espace? In an unknown dystopian future, a drifter with an unusually high tolerance to pain is held captive in a horrific hospital by The Circle of Psycho Surgeons, a clandestine crew of medical deviants experimenting with human suffering. Suddenly, our shackled hero hears the call of "The Gore Collector," a sadistic curator of carnage who is well past his prime and now seeks an heir to take over his evil operation. Escaping from the lurid lab, the drifter enters the underground lair of The Gore Collector and there, the perverse programmer pops in a vile videotape and begins the process of trying to warp the man's mind with the goriest moments from Full Moon's most iconic film franchise. A demon is unleashed into the world after a failed ritual. Newlyweds David and Madeline Middleston have just purchased a historic hotel near the town where Madeline's estranged mother Dianne resides. When Dianne comes to visit she brings with her an uninvited guest. A supernatural thriller set in a cozy Tennessee town where Sheriff Jimmy Muldoon and younger brother, Deputy Lloyd Muldoon, have a firm grasp of law and order until a stranger, Denny White, comes to town and horrible things begin to happen. Larry the Reindeer thinks he can fill Santa's shoes, but he's about to get more than he bargained for! When Mighty Bunion, the wicked wizard, casts a spell causing Larry to switch places with Santa, the future of Christmas rests on one simple-minded reindeer's hooves! Santa's number one elf, Benny, and three of his trusty reindeer fleet - Tinker, Terry, and Barry - set out to search for their missing boss and rescue their favorite holiday from disaster! With the clock ticking down to Christmas Eve, these North Pole heroes brave a snowy wonderland of friends and foes alike in a race against time to rescue the world's most famous sleigh-driver! A sheriff's son is falsely accused of murder, and a friend determines to clear his name and find the real killer. Strange Battle 2016 is based on a strange incident happened in Xiangxi in 1945, the film was first lift the veil of secrecy horrific truth about the arrival of vampire and a poisonous insect ethnic Cats. Film is a creative combination mystic by many factors mainly explore the mysteries of insect poisons, reveal hidden in the vampire legend, the appearance of bells evocation, the Vampire West of the mountains Like dragons and ancient villages Meo will attract viewers from beginning to end.  - See more at: http://kissasian.com/Drama/Strange-Battle#sthash.oMsxVzbx.dpuf Harry, a famous scientist, is mistaken for an escaped lunatic. Almost 150 years ago, a terrible evil occurred in an officer?s house in an historic military fort. Fast forward to current day, and five best friends have just moved into the same house for their senior year in college, unaware of the dark history and lingering evil that surround them. Based on the legend of the Woman in White, one of the most famous ghosts ever documented, The House Behind the Wall is the thrilling tale of dark forces affecting both the living and the dead. What begins as the best time of five friends? lives soon leads to infidelity, accusations, and betrayals. But just how far will people devolve when overcome by pure evil? Can they survive the supernatural presence inside the house, and each other? Or will they completely lose their souls, and their lives, to the ancient evil spirit? It centers on a group of friends who dares each other to stay in a haunted house This stunning collection of audiovisual masterpieces showcases the remarkable work of digital artists Ruth Jarman and Joseph Gerhardt, known collectively as Semiconductor. One of the field's most intriguing acts, Semiconductor have been electrifying fans for years with their brand of experimental animation. With four live cinema pieces, six short films, three music videos and more, this cutting-edge compendium will not disappoint. A young girl play an augmented reality game and end up in an abandoned building. She took a picture to celebrate her winning. When she got back home, the picture has someone in there who did not belong. The girl in the picture come out to haunt her The terror continues as two icons of horror face off for a second time. The terror continues as two icons of horror face off for a second time.  Two psychologist try to demonstrate that a man is a pedophile and has abused many children. In 1970, British stage and film director Peter Brook created the International Centre of Theatre Research in Paris. In the autumn of 1973, the Centre conducted a five week work period at the Brooklyn Academy of Music, performing and giving demonstrations of exercises, in which members of the audience participated, and exchanged ideas with the New York theatre community. This is a film of one day's work. Nard, a high school girl falls in love with Mac, a senior in the same school. They are in a relationship and Nard gets pregnant. Mac's mom forces him to cut contact with Nard and study abroad while Nard's mom persuades her to have an abortion. Nard didn't survive the abortion; however, she isn't done with this world and starts haunting the apartment complex where she used to live... A mother (in her Minivan) stops at nothing to recover her kidnapped son. Megan, a successful Irish artist, lives in Dublin with her husband Leo, an Italian who emigrated there several years ago. After receiving the news of the death of Leo's uncle, Monsignor Domenico, a powerful catholic priest whose death has prompted a campaign for his beatification , the couple travels to Apulia, in southern Italy, to handle Leo's unexpected inheritance. This is Litost, a Taxi Driver inspired dark drama psychological horror that focuses a lot on the social alienation/isolation, tedium, frustration and problems people my age experience in the U.S. and how the everyday frustrations people in their 20s face can seem crushing in the moment. This comes to a head with the results of letting problems, tedium and frustrations pile up on a already unstable mind. Six greedy people are invited to join a party at a villa and to become the rightful owner of this villa, but little do they know the dark story behind the villa. After three katoey siblings (lady boys) have succeeded in freeing the ghost of an ancient lady in the previous sequel, they become famous and are now asked to run a haunted all-male apartment. More ghosts are waiting for these fun-loving katoeys and their cohort of amusing sidekicks. On a train headed for England a group of travelers is delayed by an avalanche. Holed up in a hotel in a fictional European country, young Iris befriends elderly Miss Froy. When the train resumes, Iris suffers a bout of unconsciousness and wakes to find the old woman has disappeared. The other passengers ominously deny Miss Froy ever existed, so Iris begins to investigate with another traveler and, as the pair sleuth, romantic sparks fly. A newlywed fears she's going mad when strange things start happening at the family mansion. In a woods filled with magic and fairy tale characters, a baker and his wife set out to end the curse put on them by their neighbor, a spiteful witch. The actress Ming Yi (Xue Jianing) is a blind single mother who runs her own flower shop with her daughter Huanhuan. After being treated by ophthalmologist Gao Mu (Chen Haomin), Mingyi is able to see the light again. In order to make her and her daughter have a new beginning of bt4k.com, Mingyi moved into a centuries old house with the help of Takagi, but did not expect that the mother and daughter were also involved in a series of strange things. . Can not keep true love when blindness, eyes can not tell when true, this heavy door hidden behind what is what Juan (Roland ornaments) want to keep secret secretly? Anglo-Indian Victoria Jones seeks her true identity amid the chaos of the British withdrawal from India. When a zombie outbreak strikes London, a group of American friends must escape the chaos and destruction as they fight for their survival and try to make it out of the city alive. Five people find themselves in a tomb. The Crypt keeper explains why they are there through a series of frightening stories. Based on the classic comic book. This story is divided in three chapters.  1) "The Visitor": The drifter writer Tran Thanh Loc arrives in an old house and is lodged by the gorgeous Hoa. Along the days, he falls in love for her and discloses the truth about the hostess. 2) "Only Child": Loc is sick, totally disconnected of the world, but his nurse Linh heals him. He writes the best-seller The Visitor about his relationship with Hoa and becomes a successful writer. He proposes and marries Linh, but when he decides to have a baby, Linh is haunted by her hidden obscure past. 3) "The Diviner": Linh's parents send the fraudulent diviner Lan to use her pretentious knowledge of Feng Shui to help Loc, and she sees ghost in the house. Her son and aspirant writer Bao does not believe on his mother until he finds a surprising secret about Loc.  Cashier and part-time starving artist Christopher Cross is absolutely smitten with the beautiful Kitty March. Kitty plays along, but she's really only interested in Johnny, a two-bit crook. When Kitty and Dan find out that art dealers are interested in Chris' work, they con him into letting Kitty take credit for the paintings. Cross allows it because he is in love with Kitty, but his love will only let her get away with so much. Rachel Watson, devastated by her recent divorce, spends her daily commute fantasizing about the seemingly perfect couple who live in a house that her train passes every day, until one morning she sees something shocking happen there and becomes entangled in the mystery that unfolds.  When a young man becomes possessed after playing an Ouija game, a ghost hunter investigates the evil spirit dwelling within him. Ashlee Fridenberg and Natalie Hansen are two college students. On a crazy week, they decide to take a Ryan Air flight to spend the weekend in the forests in a famous camping reserve in Spain. Expecting other students and party, they find themselves alone until they discover there's a peculiar resident. Christensen Jacobson, will help them around to discover what the mountains have to offer. What they don't really know is that there's something going on on those mountains. 