Chooriyan is the story of Simran (Gracy Singh), an orphan who has always dreamt of being a part of a family. Her dream finally comes true when Army Office Aman (Sudanshu Pandde) asks her to marry him and she lives happily as part of Aman's family. Aman and Simran cherish every moment before he returns back to his army duty. When her father unexpectedly passes away, young Ella finds herself at the mercy of her cruel stepmother and her daughters. Never one to give up hope, Ella's fortunes begin to change after meeting a dashing stranger in the woods. With "Totally Crazy", the glamor, daring, and impertinence that are the very DNA of Crazy Horse Paris are showcased into a different, more immersive format. The driving desire of this show it to invite the audience to experience fabulous moments of complicity and sharing around iconic acts that have contributed to the Crazy Horse Paris legend. The movie follows three directors, three group of students, three stories, who all aim at the upcoming National Students' Talent Competition, where all the students training hard to perform on stage to win the game. A closeted boy runs the risk of being outed by his own heart after it pops out of his chest to chase down the boy of his dreams. Join Melchior, one of the Three Wise Men, (voiced by Andy Griffith) as he narrates the story of his travels in search of a magnificent star pointing him to a newborn King. Journey with the three wise men on their adventurous quest to find the Newborn King. This documentary by Paolo Fazzini revolves around the birth of italian rap music movement in early 90's. Captain Adams and the crew of the Starship C57D travel to planet Altair 4 in search of the spaceship "Bellerophon" that has been missing for 20 years. To their surprise, they are expected. A moral tale. 'Franky, Frankly' follows a young man (Mikandrew Perdaris) drifting about the city, struggling to share something of meaning between Madison (Allan Hyde) and the beautiful, mysterious Chantal (Bella Dayne). A television movie set in Rockville, Georgia, in 1972. Major Kendall Laird, a Survival Assistance Officer, arrives in this sleepy little town with the body of Lieutenant Dwyte Johnson, a Vietnam war hero. It's Laird's job to help Johnson's parents bury their son. But since the dead hero was black, his parents are turned away by the white racists who maintain the town's "all-white" cemetery. Christmas music performed by Celtic Woman. Tom Bosley hosts a tribute to the American musical theater taped before a live audience featuring dozens of stars recreating their original performances. Among the show-stoppers are Chita Rivera's Spanish Rose dance in "Bye, Bye, Bireie," Ray Walston as the Devil in "Damn Yankees," Nell Carter singing the Fats Waller classic "Cash for Trash" from "Ain't Misbehavin," Glynis Johns with "Send in the Clowns" from "A Little Night Music," Barry Bostwick from "Grease," and many more. Ugly Betty's Eric Mabius stars in this upcoming festive favorite. Linda Watt is a sheltered but brilliant young scientist who is plucked out of her company's lab and sent to India by her CEO to sell "Rice 9," a genetically modified rice she's created. However, unbeknownst to her, the rice will destroy the Indian farmers she thinks she's helping. Ryan and Kevin and their crew from Los Angeles are hired by U.S. Interpol to be matched up against the notorious Gambler Crew from South Korea, known to the b-boy world as the best of the best. Their mission is to gather information about Tony Kai, an "ex yakuza" member who controls the Asian underworld in the United States. Tony Kai is in South Korea planning a worldwide monopoly on drugs, sex, and gambling. Ryan and Kevin struggle as they go deeper into the Asian underworld. Ryan falls for a beautiful Korean girl named Esther who happens to be the sister of "Kicker", the leader of the mafia-run Gamblers crew. Their love is put to the test as the rivalry between the two crews escalate. As reality sets in, the crew from LA is no match against the world champion Gamblers crew in the Mach 1 competition. Ryan, Kevin and the crew go into hiding where they meet an underground b-boy legend... The lives of 19 rather disagreeable people momentarily converge in a Brooklyn heat wave one Friday afternoon in director Cinque Lee's (Spike Lee's brother) collection of urban character studies. After a terrible air disaster, survivor Max Klein emerges a changed person. Unable to connect to his former life or to wife Laura, he feels godlike and invulnerable. When psychologist Bill Perlman is unable to help Max, he has Max meet another survivor, Carla Rodrigo, who is racked with grief and guilt since her baby died in the crash which she and Max survived. A small town girl and a city boy meet on the Sunset Strip, while pursuing their Hollywood dreams. Set in rustbelt Buffalo circa 1980, Queen City follows the gritty struggle of two flawed detectives from both sides of the tracks whose private and public lives cross as they cope with strain in search of redemption and forgiveness. The story of American showman P.T. Barnum, founder of the circus that became the famous traveling Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus. In a cold French city where suicide is a common urge, there is a colorful shop, managed for many years by the Tuvache family, where it is very easy to obtain the necessary tools to satisfy the sinister desires of so many depressed citizens. An audio-visual essay, which reflects upon &amp; compares metro systems around the world. It is an exploration of a world inside the world as well as feelings, fascination, obsession, fear and themes - of survival, control &amp; silence. Low Movie (How To Quit Smoking) follows the entire career of the iconic band Low and their relationship with director Philip Harder. For twenty years they made music videos and short films together, filming on ice, in railroad yards, and in rapidly disintegrating rooms. Low formed in 1993. After standing in as best man for his longtime friend Carl Petersen, Randy Dupree loses his job, becomes a barfly and attaches himself to the newlywed couple almost permanently -- as their houseguest. But the longer Dupree camps out on their couch, the closer he gets to Carl's bride, Molly, leaving the frustrated groom wondering when his pal will be moving out. A single mother in London's Camden Town hears music when she meets a handsome stranger with a past. But she's not sure she's ready to open her heart. A musical dramedy about a guy named Joe and his girlfriend Evey.  They dream of hitting it big on Broadway. When Joe lands an opportunity to write for an Off-Broadway musical, he is forced to cast either the love of his life or Summer, his newly discovered muse. The realities of show business prove to Joe that writing is easy, living is hard. Miffy, her friends Melanie and Grunty and her dog Snuffy set out on a treasure hunt through the zoo. Father and Mother Bunny give them five riddles through a Treasure Hunt Song, about a color, a shape, a movement, a number and a sound. While discovering animals that answer to the riddles, Miffy and her friends learn how to work together, find creative ways to collaborate and to reward each other for a job well done. And in the end, they are rewarded with a big surprise. An adaptation of the successful stage musical based on Victor Hugo's classic novel set in 19th-century France, in which a paroled prisoner named Jean Valjean seeks redemption. fter killing the owner of a B-rated strip club, Burt, an indulgent vampire with a zest for life hides out (and dopes up) at an upscale drug den, until the strippers seeking revenge...and ... A truly mad concoction, blending 1950s juvenile delinquents, sci-fi melodrama, song-and-dance, and a touch of horror, everything in just the right combination to create an engaging big screen spectacle! This curious and curiously entertaining story involves one Jonathan Xavier and his devoted misfit gang who, incidentally, have been exiled to Earth from the far reaches of outer space. Johnny's former girlfriend Bliss has left him and stolen his Resurrection Suit, a cosmic, mind-bending uniform that gives the owner power over others. Along the way, there will be several highly stylized musical numbers, lots of genuinely humorous dialogue, and a wacky plot-twist or two, all beautifully captured on the very last of Kodak's black-and-white Plus-X film stock. In KING FOR TWO DAYS, filmmaker Noah Hutton chronicles drummer Dave King's (The Bad Plus, Happy Apple) two night concert at the Walker Art Center in Minneapolis, MN, featuring five of the groups he drums in. Through rehearsals, interviews with the musicians, and concert excerpts, a world emerges where the concept of the band is held above the need for individual showmanship, a rarity in jazz. A vulnerable teenager with a deep perception of the world and no idea how to live in it. Ricky Rapper and Nelli Nuudelipaa leave the island, where Elvi Rapper operates the resort's wife. There will also Risto for Nelli and slightly older Wendy father Uolevi Horsma Niemi. Venla input confuse Ricky and Nell intervals, as Nelli begins to enjoy more and more Venla company. At the same time old friends the Freezer Elvi and Uolevi converge. The whole family musical comedy Ricky Rapper and Cool Wendy tells of friendship, loneliness and accepting differences. Tony de Guzman is an anti-hero. Life, according to him, is short, brutal. It's never on your side. Grab what you can, when you can. Settle scores. Be randy. Defy the rules. Cheat the system. Toughen it out. Tony knows nothing but tough times living, as he does, in the bleak circus of the slums he calls home. This is his story and the story of the world he lives in: a hopeless, closed-in decrepit world gone to seed. MONDOMANILA is an unflinching and unflinchingly funny look at life in the underbelly of the urban diaspora ... with songs. A pair of star-crossed dancers in New York find themselves at the center of a bitter rivalry between their brothers' underground dance clubs. Part memoir, part city symphony, part noir-ish B-movie adventure, the new feature from critically acclaimed film-making duo Joao Pedro Rodrigues and Joao Rui Guerra da Mata (To Die Like a Man) is a sensual, shape-shifting ode to one of the world's most mythic, alluring and exoticized cities. In answer to an orphan boy's prayers, the divine Lord Krishna comes to Earth, befriends the boy, and helps him find a loving family. Elspeth Dickens dreams of finding her "voice" despite being stuck in an isolated farmhouse with her twin toddlers. A web-cam becomes her pathway to fame and fortune, but at a price. Michael Delaney is out of prison and back on the streets. He makes it to Harlem where things are not as peaceful and quiet as it seems. A group of 40-somethings in Hollywood juggle their frustration with the movie business and upheaval in their personal lives. They also burst into song. It's freshman year and Cooper has a distracting crush on his hot TA Bianca, devastating his grades. With the help of his college-mandated tutor and cadre of wacky friends, Cooper discovers that true love is more than meets the eye, and reveals some shocking truths about Bianca that will rock the school. The Nightingale of Tibet is a musical biopic about the life of opera singer Yiga Gyalnang, played by Tibetan singer Namgyal Lhamo. The movie follows the perilous journey of the singer as she escapes illegal detention in an underground Tibetan prison cell to make it across the border to Nepal and eventually to Europe where she finds international acclaim and success. Tomas and Sofia have been married for five years. He works as a cartoonist in the local newspaper. She works in a hotel. Tomas dreams of being an artist. But he lacks the inner strength to achieve it. Raul, his best friend and his "Guardian Angel" insists on the highest quality of his paintings. But when everything seems to be happening, Tomas enters in an emotional crisis that keeps him increasingly apart from Sofia into a point that she does not recognize him anymore. Sofia begins to lose her mental sanity. She starts living in an unwanted isolation. In her dormant mental state, she begins to feel bad about what she discovers inside of her...She feels something evil coming closer and closer to her. Sofia realizes that her life became something that now she can not control anymore. Two parallel stories about two persons that look for each other but simultaneously fear one another. Only life as itself  Imaginaerum tells the story of an elderly composer, Tom, who suffers from severe dementia. As he has had the disease for years and has regressed into childhood, he remembers practically nothing from his adult life. His music, friends, all his past including the memory of his daughter are a blur in his fragile mind. All he has left is the imagination of a ten year old boy. As he drifts away into coma, it seems impossible to get back what he has lost. Or is it? Devdas (Saigal/Barua), son of a zamindar, and Parvati (aka Paro)(Jamuna), his poor neighbour's daughter, are childhood sweethearts. Status and caste differences prevent their marriage and Devdas is sent to Calcutta while Paro is married off to an aged but rich widower. In Calcutta the hero meets the prostitute Chandramukhi (Rajkumari/Chandrabati Devi) but remorse drives him to alcohol and (after a long train journey in which he attempts to run away from himself) he comes to die in front of his true love's house. The Hindi version. A lonely woman struggles to reconcile her relationship with a man and the talking fruits, vegetables, and evil ham that occupy her house. A little boy, Kolya, accidently meets his father for the first time in his life. Father and son rediscover each other, overcoming inner misunderstandings as well as numerous obstacles in their life path. Trained in the skills of sea power, Pi the fish can fight a shark, sink a squid or batter any random predator that ever threatens his friends and neighbors on the reef. Unfortunately, being the only hero in town can take its toll, especially when a group of sharks declares that the end of the reef is soon at hand. For Love's Sake is a faith-based drama based on a true story. After the tragic death of her husband, Mary Walker falls into a spiral of suicidal depression and subsequently loses custody of her two boys. Through the intervention of her church community and a caring therapist, Mary regains her faith, experiences emotional healing, and finds the strength to fight a skeptical bureaucracy for custody of her children. Housefull 2 is an upcoming Bollywood action comedy film directed by Sajid Khan and produced by Sajid Nadiadwala. It is the sequel to the 2010 Bollywood commercially successful movie Housefull A wandering neo-vaudvillian becomes smitten with his motel neighbor, a slightly stubborn young woman who is on her way to the state capitol with a unique agenda. A love letter to Hollywood and Broadway musicals of the past. While participation in a scientific experiment, a young woman falls through a wormhole and winds up in Wonderland! This is not the Wonderland you remember, but a brand new world where all fairy tales exist and they are finally all grown up! On her journey to find her way back home, Emmanuelle encounters The Mad Hatter, Goldilocks, The Big Bad Wolf, Dorothy, The Scarecrow, Humpty Dumpty, Jack and Jill, Snow White, The Frog Prince, The Evil Queen and many more! What follows is the most outrageous, sexy musical comedy of the year featuring 12 original songs! It's naked 'Glee' meets Disney on acid! For children of all ages... Over 18! A young businessman hires an instructor to turn a group of misfit kids into a team on the underground dance competition circuit. Seven-year-olds Michael and Rachel are best friends who do everything together and who have vowed to remain friends "forever and ever and can't be parted for never and never."  Unfortunately, the society that Michael and Rachel live in is one of religious intolerance.  The fact that Michael is Irish Catholic and Rachel is Jewish is a point of conflict for just about everyone in the community.  When the two young children are made aware of their ideological differences, it begins to tear apart their friendship, and they decide to test whose God is stronger. What they discover is that at the core, their religions really aren't that different from one another: both worship a God of love, not vengeance. As Ishaan, a music producer who takes advantage of the women in his life, feels a connection with Gauri, his new next-door neighbor, he begins to learn the importance of friendship - causing him to work to repair his relationships. George Taylor returns from the WWII with amnesia. Back home in Los Angeles, he tries to track down his old identity, stumbling into a 3-year old murder case and a hunt for a missing $2 million. The 1954 musical film based on the play by the same name. Actress Grace Kelly won an Academy Award for Best Actress. The film tells the story of an ex-theater actor who is given one more chance to star in a musical yet his alcoholism may prevent it from happening. A comedy centered on the life of Kate Reddy, a finance executive who is the breadwinner for her husband and two kids. Edgar thinks he finally has a plan that will force his lazy, mooching brother-in-law to get a job. First, Edgar has some friends help him to stage a fake heart attack. Then, while he is supposed to be recovering, he taps into a source of mystical will power to do the rest. Set to the music of popular hit songs from the 1980s. A beautiful coastal village, present day Italy. After a whirlwind romance, Maddie is preparing to marry gorgeous Italian Raf, and has invited her sister Taylor to the wedding. Unbeknownst to Maddie, however, Raf is Taylor's ex-holiday flame, and the love of her life...  Barbie as Odette, the young daughter of a baker, follows a unicorn into the Enchanted Forest and is transformed into a swan by an evil wizard intent on defeating the Fairy Queen. AT LAST, the long-lost film inspired by Australia's first rock festival - The Pilgrimage For Pop Festival - at Ourimbah, near Sydney in 1970. We believed in a better world, we decided to make it come true Shakespeare's tale of teen love reimagined as a rock opera set in a beachside caravan park. A triumphant blast of style and 21st-century Kiwi trailer trash pop. Classic tragedy probably shouldn't be quite this much fun. Bunny and Naina meet when they graduate from college and again in their late 20s. Soledad is a folclore singer and Larguirucho a beloved cartoon character; both from Argentina. The movie follows both in their adventures accompanied by numerous songs. This movie adaptation of the popular theatre musical "Gerimis Mengundang" tells the story of a young man who is a pilot, played by Malaysian newcomer Kamal Adli. A chance meeting with the daughter of the Indonesia embassy officer who is played by Olivia Jensen Lubis, leads to a romance sparking between the two. However, with their different societal standings, will the two star-crossed lovers end up together? What if Columbine happened again? What if someone believed the false rumors and prejudice against "goths" enough to continue the cycle of sick-minded violence? Pam Morrow (Kesta Graham), beloved girlfriend of Reed Larson (Morgan Blackbryne), is gunned down while dancing, sending Reed on a darker journey than anyone would wish for. Reed contemplates revenge against Pam's acquitted killer, while sweet memories of their love challenge him to make a choice; love or hate, malice or forgiveness, revenge or redemption. As they celebrate their high school graduation, four friends are involved in a hit-and-run accident when their car hits and apparently kills a pedestrian on an isolated roadway. They dispose of the body and vow to keep the incident a secret, a year later somebody starts sending them letters bearing the warning "I Know What You Did Last Summer". A struggling actress tries to help a friend prove his innocence when he's accused of murdering the husband of a high society entertainer. Jodi Breakers is a Hindi film directed by Ashwini Chaudhary featurring R Madhavan and Bipasha Basu in the leading roles with Omi Vaidya and Dipannita Sharma in supporting roles. After a fishing boat is attacked by a giant monster, the sole surviving crew member realizes the monster is a new Godzilla.  A reporter's efforts to bring the story to light are thwarterd. A musical Neo-Noir drama where a patsy is set up to take the fall for a kidnapping that leads to murder.  When the money he is paid is stolen, he embarks on a rampage of revenge. All singing, all fighting - FLOST is a throwback to the crime films of yesteryear mixed with the music of Kevin Quain. Something Like Summer traces the tumultuous relationship of Ben and Tim, secret high school sweethearts who grow over the years into both adulthood enemies and complicated friends. Desi Romeos is the story of six boys who are popular in college for their music. It describes  their journey from the days of the hostel to house no. 55, where they stay on rent and where romance blossoms between them and the girls (JULIET) staying as PG (Paying Guest)in the house opposite them to the jail. Desi Romeos' is a fun filled story of a normal group of boys with lots of action, romance and music, keeping you entertained throughout Shakespeare's comedy of gender confusion, in which a girl disguises herself as a man to be near the count she adores, only to be pursued by the woman he loves. Performers in Believe are three vocalists Chloe Agnew, Lisa Kelly, Lisa Lambe, and fiddler Mairead Nesbitt  All songs on this album are re-releases from their previous albums. Their only new song, entitled 'Princess Toyotomi', is featured in the film of the same name. This is the first album where nine members (both current and previous) appear together.  Another album of the same title was released on January 24, 2012 Both this album and DVD (live performance from the Fox Theatre, Atlanta, Georgia) feature new music from Agnew, Kelly, Lambe and Nesbitt. The performance was broadcast on PBS stations in December 2011 Some of the songs performed but not available on the CD are A Tribute To Broadway, sung by Agnew, Lambe and Kelly, and Mna na hEireann, played by Nesbitt. European and North American dates for the 2012 Believe tour have already been set, but Lisa Kelly will not join this tour due to her pregnancy, and will be replaced by Susan McFadden. Rahul is a singer, who loses his career due to his drinking habits. He meets Arohi in a bar in Goa, where she works to earn a living. Impressed by her singing, he promises to take her to Mumbai and make her a star, where they fall in love with each other. Will they stay together accepting their success, or will their egos break them apart? Sinners are invited to a theme park where they endure the repetition of their transgressions. What chances do a conniving kleptomaniac, a gullible teenager, and an obsessed father stand when facing their own moral failings? Lucifer and his colorful cast of singing carnies invite you to grab a ticket to The Devil's Carnival to find out! A Swedish peasant family, ravaged by poverty, privation and misery in mid-19th century Sweden, set out on a perilous journey to America in hope of a better life. A talented artist struggles to cope with the pressures leading up to her first solo exhibition. A tribute special featuring some of the biggest names in comedy reminiscing about the late, great stand-up. It's a great way to celebrate and remember Greg, but if you want to do more than just celebrate and remember him, you now have an opportunity to help out his family too. Ram and Leela, passionately in love with each other, realize that the only way to stop the bloodshed between their respective clans is to sacrifice their own lives. The story of Aiven Raula Pai Gaya has shown the issues which are relatable to common people's life in modern days. Its the story of three college friends, enjoying their young life but mostly it revolves around Rajveer (Ravinder Grewal). Rajveer is the commander of a short army of three friends and leads them to find fun every time. But with his fun loving life, he has to go through some real difficulties at his family level, friendship level and in his love life. When everything is going right in his life suddenly he gets hit with a big shock which changes the motive of his life. Then he decides to take turn towards rectifying all the problems caused because of him. Arashi mixes Japanese rock, Noh Masks and the weird volcanic landscapes of Sado Island in a radical reworking of The Tempest. In this Tempest the storm has gone badly wrong and ruined the island, Caliban is now in charge and Miranda has gone crazy. Prospero is missing, presumed dead. When a singer arrives on the island, exiled to the brutal prison that Caliban overseas, he escapes into the interior where he encounters a crazed older exile, and starts to become intrigued by the ancient Demon songs of the island. The singer tries to recreate the songs of the Demons, which he learns have the power to bring Spring back to the island, or once again to bring the terrible Storm Set 10 years later, the Phantom has escaped from Paris to New York where he lives amongst the joyrides and freak shows of Coney Island. He has finally found a place for his music to soar, all that is missing is his love Christine Daae.  In a bid to win back her love, the Phantom lures Christine, her husband Raoul, and their young son Gustave from Manhattan, to the glittering and glorious world of Coney Island... they have no idea what lies in store for them...  You truly haven't experienced Andrew Lloyd Webber's Love Never Dies until you see this spectacular new Australian production, filmed at Melbourne's iconic Regent Theatre. A collection of live performances and a glimpse of the road from the American leg of Bill Callahan's 2011 Apocalypse tour. As the devoutly single Don Johnston is dumped by his latest girlfriend, he receives an anonymous pink letter informing him that he has a son who may be looking for him. A Hindu boy falls in love with a Muslim girl. The story of the Indonesian girlband Cherrybelle. A group of mysterious villains known as 'The Alliance' sets a trap for the Taxpayer. They imprison him, torture him, and make plans to publicly crucify him. Local janitor Richard Randolph rounds up retired Superheroes, and hatches a plan to rescue the Taxpayer. The villains stage a public rally, where many citizens come to watch the Taxpayer's crucifixion. The heroes invade the bad guy lair, and a large battle ensues. Various comedic and action-packed musical numbers are intertwined throughout the madness. In the midst of the big political debate and battle for mankind will the heroes save the day? Poverty stricken lovers Eden and Matilda have enough trouble just getting through the days, but when Eden buys a pet spider the real troubles start. Based on George Bernard Shaw's PYGMALION, the story concerns a professor of phonetics who attempts to teach a zombie woman to be a proper English Lady. "Aku Ada, Kau Ada???" is a Malaysian musical comedy romance set in Korea, starring Yana Samsudin and Shaheizy Sam. Directed by Rahila Ali, the film tells the story of two archenemies, Tina and Nordin, who constantly clash with each other as the leads of a musical. However, amid their constant bickering, the two eventually fall in love, bringing a whole new set of complications as they each refuse to believe that it is possible for the other to reciprocate. This musical tells the story of a girl named Nurul Aiman who possesses a chubby body, less-than-desirable physical features and a naive but kind heart. Despite her looks, she is as much a lady as other girls her age. Her best friends are Lana dan Azadan, whom she has known since childhood and she lives in a backwater village with her mother Lia, her father Hairil and her grandmother Nenda Zaimah. In school, Aiman is friends with a guy named Johari, who is good-looking and smart, and who also secretly harbours feelings for Aiman. At the same time, Lana and the most popular girl in school, Rita, fancy Johari. All-American couple who try to bridge the generation gap with their free-spirited son on a trip, frisky business and misunderstandings galore ensue, all funny, vibrant and charming. How can emotion come to light on the opera set? Does it come from singing, acting or music?  How can someone become the incarnation of Verdi's masterpiece? Following world famous French soprano Natalie Dessay from the first repetitions until the premiere under the direction of Jean-Francois Sivadier, we meet a very special woman, a piece of art, a myth: LA TRAVIATA. A young professor has become a shell of a person following the death of his wife. Crippled by a numbing grief, he's shut himself off from the world. At the same time, a young singer-songwriter has lost faith in the struggle to make a name for herself as a musician. Bogged down by the pressures of turning her art into commerce, she's lost sight of why she wanted to make music in the first place. This deeply moving film chronicles the budding friendship between the professor and the singer, as the energy and beauty of her music begins to bring him back to life, and the value of her music to this man reawakens her to the merits of making music.  Sacrificial Youth is a Hardcore Punk musical that tells the story of TJ, a teenager caught at the crossroads. When a multi-national corporation hatches an evil plot of biblical proportions to destroy The Scene, TJ is forced to accept his fate as the chosen one to stand up and fight back. Misfit Heights is a film about an apartment building populated by puppets who have to struggle for survival when a mad scientist's plan to rule the world with an army of undead goes awry. It's up to the last few survivors to fight their way into his secret lab and put an end to his evil plan before they are eaten by the undead. Or, before the buildings superintendent returns from vacation and evicts them. Big Hair. Guyliner. Someone lamenting by crashing waves on a beach or to their reflection in a fountain. Yes, we're talking about the 80s! Todd and BJ, two lonely wannabe artists, find one another and create the not-so-dynamic R&amp;B duo "Eternity." Middle-aged Ohio secretary Jane Hudson has never found love and has nearly resigned herself to spending the rest of her life alone. But before she does, she uses her savings to finance a summer in romantic Venice, where she finally meets the man of her dreams, the elegant Renato Di Rossi. But when she learns that her new paramour is leading a double life, she must decide whether her happiness can come at the expense of others. The Lives of Hamilton Fish is a film whose story is told through songs. Two men both named Hamilton Fish were pronounced dead on the front page of a Newspaper in 1936, one was a famous statesman and the other, a notorious cannibal. Indie folk heroes Edward Sharpe &amp; The Magnetic Zeros, Tennessee's Old Crow Medicine Show, and Britain's acclaimed Mumford &amp; Sons, climbed aboard a beautiful vintage train in California, setting out for New Orleans, Louisiana on a "tour of dreams". The resulting film from this journey is nothing short of magical.  Part road movie and part concert film, BIG EASY EXPRESS bears witness to the birth of a new musical era. With poignancy and beauty, Malloy documents these incredible musicians as they ride the rails and wow the crowds, from Oakland... to New Orleans. Surayavanshi Ram of Ayodhya, the greatest warrior king that ever lived, was forced to send his beloved wife Sita into exile, thus leading him and his kingdom to despair and towards an empty future. Unknown to Ram, far away in sage Valmiki's hermitage, Sita lives as Vandevi, raising their twin sons, Luv & Kush. Though not aware of their lineage, the twins imbibe wisdom, compassion & combat skills that would put any royal prince to shame. Sita teaches Luv -Kush to always work as a team, secretly hoping that her estranged family would find a way to come together one day. Jiaming, a free spirited teenager, has never taken school seriously. However, he is forced to confront his future when he flunks his O level exams and drops out of school. While deciding his future, Jiaming decides to help out at his parents music pub, Meng Chuan.  Jiaming's buddies Caogen, Haoban and Xiaopang pass their exams and move on to Junior College. But they are caught renting porn magazines by the principal and are suspended for a month.  During this month, the boys join a local music competition, have a taste of first love, and work hard to bring business back to the struggling Meng Chuan. In this coming-of-age tale, Jiaming and gang realise the harsh realities of the real word. In growing up, choosing to follow your heart is never easy in the face of societal expectations.  A driving instructor must use her other-worldly gifts to save a lonely man's daughter from a rock star looking to use her for Satanic purposes. This movie is a story of Liquior shop with bar attached. Feelings will be before going to the Liquor shop and after consuming coming out of the bar and its in &amp; out matters. A film is not encouraging to have drinks and not to have drinks and no lesson out of it. It is only in and outs of the liquor shop according to the Director Kamalakannan[8].  A small village and a Kalyana Mantap was made as a liquor shop atached with a bar and local peoples been engaged in that and asked them to stay there for twenty days and all shots taken there and night itself editing ad shown to them with the training given to them as per Kamlakannan Director of the Movie. Cameraman Sumee Baskaran handled N7 camera and shots has come out excellent as per his speeches. Eight iconic performers of the first generation of Brazilian transvestite artists go on stage to celebrate their 50th career jubilee. The film depicts the human, personal dimension behind these icons, deconstructing gender stereotypes. Rock Polotan (Concepcion) and Tracy Fuentebella (Dos Santos) are teenage sweethearts and both nursing students in a university in Manila are in love and full of dreams. A youthful indiscretion leads them to early parenthood, a situation they face squarely, and quite maturely, by planning to get married. They shortly realize, however, that the problem behind their wedding plans has less to do with themselves than with their own parents. A kaleidoscopic musical road trip down a million mile highway of poetry, philosophy and life featuring Nashville hit songwriter, Danny Darst. A darkly intelligent teenage girl struggles to overcome her past and the restraints of suburban society while trying to come to terms with the present. Best friends Mark and Gary write, cast, and rehearse a musical about marriage equality that's set to open a major theatre festival in six short weeks. On the advice of a 65-year-old stripper, Peaches makes music that is sexually forthright. Her popularity grows and she becomes what her fans expect her to be: transsexual. She falls in love with a beautiful she-male, but Peaches gets her heart broken and has to realize who she really is. Described as an anti-jukebox musical. Peaches writes, directs and plays the role of Peaches herself. Three young men try to escape the reality of their everyday lives and succeed in ways they had least expected. Tori is a blonde princess who is bored of living her royal life, and has dreams of becoming a popstar. Keira, on the other hand, is a brunette popstar who dreams of being a princess. When the two meet, they magically trade places, but after realising it is best to be themselves. Based on the life of Indian guru Shirdi Sai Baba (Nagarjuna Akkineni), who taught love, forgiveness, charity and devotion. The life story of Italian violinist and composer, Niccolo Paganini, who rose to fame as a virtuoso in the early 19th Century. In the spring of 2010, a church lock in at First Baptist Church was organized by Pastor Chris.  In the first hour of the lock in, one of the students, Justin, had an unusual "incident" and was "inconsolable."  It was reported that he calmed down and kept to himself for the remainder of the event.  Two days after the lock in, Justin reportedly broke down to his parents that he experienced something "evil" at the lock in.  He also claimed he captured everything on tape.  After watching the footage, the parents met with church leaders to discuss criminal charges they were considering filing against the church for child endangerment, neglect and torture. Martina and Lupita are two housemaids who steal shoes and clothes from their boss Marcela, trying to impress Lupita's boyfriend. When Marcela founds out about the robbery, she and her friend Marifer go looking for them to retrieve her stuff and bring them to justice. "What did you tell God?" is a comedy that uses Juan Gabriel's songs. Ron Douglas has no luck in women, and when his bride runs away on their wedding day, he goes on holiday up in the mountains, only to be reminded more of his misery when placed in the honey-moon wing of the hotel. However he finds love with Cynthia, a beautiful blonde, and his self esteem improves. Cynthia invites him for Christmas dinner, and he accepts, only to meet Cynthia's eccentric cannibal family, and finds out HE is the main course. Antonio and his friends find the way to make a movie in a bohemian city of the Third World full of dream and hopes. A teenage boy is hired along with the music group of his father by a Zamindar (landlord) for entertaining him until the annual flood is over in the Haor region of East Bengal. But the boy finds out that he has to do something more than the rest of the members of the group are required- he has to satisfy the landlord sensually as well. The wife of the landlord cannot stand this new 'rival' of hers and conspires to kill the boy. An eccentric theater artist struggles to stage an OJ Simpson musical with the help of his childhood friends. The film is based on the life of Malayalam poet P. Kunhiraman Nair and is particularly based on his autobiography, Kaviyude Kalpadukal. When a huge blizzard (that doesn't show signs of stopping) hits, Gracetown is completely snowed in. But even though it's cold outside, things are heating up inside, proving that Christmas is magical when it comes to love. When Queen Elizabeth's reign is threatened by ruthless familial betrayal and Spain's invading army, she and her shrewd adviser must act to safeguard to the lives of her people. Youthful Father Chuck O'Malley led a colorful life of sports, song, and romance before joining the Roman Catholic clergy. After being appointed to a run-down New York parish, O'Malley's worldly knowledge helps him connect with a gang of boys looking for direction, eventually winning over the aging, conventional Parish priest. Just like the changing colors of the Blue Mountains through the changing seasons, the film explores changing human emotions and journeys beyond mere winning or losing in life. It is a world without language. A world where one is raised to respect the rules. Only one Boy questions the verity of what he has been taught, and he must decide whether to continue living in a society of fear or choose his own destiny. China's top drama academy stages the American musical "Fame," China's first official collaboration with Broadway, as the graduation showcase for its senior class. During the eight-month rehearsal, five students compete for roles, struggle with pressure from family and authority, and prepare to graduate into China's corrupt entertainment industry. After losing his job and the end of his marriage, Junior returns to his father's house. But that is not his childhood house anymore. His old room has been rented by a young woman and the place feels unwelcome and oppressive. Junior develops and obsession for his family history, as strange things start happening in the house. In New York, a struggling actress and a successful writer sing about their failed marriage from two perspectives. Davy and Ally have to re-learn how to live life in Edinburgh after coming home from serving in Afghanistan. Both struggle to learn to live a life outside the army and to deal with the everyday struggles of family, jobs and relationships. Sunshine on Leith is based on the sensational stage hit of the same name, featuring music by pop-folk band The Proclaimers. Chuyin Venegas and Cornelio Barraza were the biggest stars of popular music and cinema of the 80's. "The Goldfinches of Rosarito" had no equal as musical superstars, but after ten years of success, they parted ways. Now held in a mansion in Paris, Chuyin is launching  a new album and international tour. But the ghosts of the past and the loneliness will make him change his solo plans and return to the seaside village where he and Cornelius met as children, to live the last musical adventureof  "The Goldfinches of Rosarito". Leftwings is a film muzikal rock. Tells the story of four young people setting up an indie band to make rock band WINGS as their idol. They want to fight for the ideals aspiring muzik track "rock" and Cuba also create a name in the mainstream industry. They also want to put dreams into coatings to their idol band, WINGS by naming them as LEFTWINGS bands, namely the band's "left wing" to WINGS. By helping Doctor Proctor getting recognition for his amazing invention in a world quite different from ours, two lonely children gets help to stand on their own two feet. EDSA XXX takes us on a wild ride through the ups and downs, twists and turns in the life of one man's downfall and the rise to fame of another. The present leader KULOG NEGRO has led the country to progress; his rallying call is championing poverty for the benefit of tourists and film festivals. But the well-meaning leader is a mere puppet in the political arena and someone has just decided that he has to go. A young girl spends the summer in a country resort under the vigilant supervision of her mother. There her attention is drawn to a guy whose past is shrouded in a secret. The girl does not suspect that after this meeting her life will change forever, and her feelings can fly high above... A captured performance by Parisian nude cabaret Crazy Horse, in a surreal show directed by French footwear designer Christian Louboutin. Louboutin calls Crazy Horse "an iconic monument of Paris, a monument to dance, a modern, dream- like idea of the celebration of women for women". Lukas, 20, is a prisoner in his own body. As a pre-op transgendered person, he is constantly finding himself trapped in uncomfortable, compromising positions. His best friend, Ine introduces him to the gay scene in Cologne where he meets the confident and gorgeous, Fabio. The two develop a romantic relationship that tests the boundaries of love. ROMEOS forgoes stereotypes and conventions to offer an honest and humorous examination of the most basic of human conditions: friendship, sex, and love. Official entry to the first Metro Manila Film Festival in 1982 directed by Ronwaldo Reyes and starred Fernando Poe, Jr., Criselda 'Dang' Cecilio, Lito Anzures, and Bentot, Jr. This coming of age Dance Film, in the spirit of Dirty Dancing, Karate Kid, and High School Musical - is about a young girl from Beverly Hills, Jennifer who is visiting her Father's Panama City Beach Hotel during Summer Break, and falls in love with a Young Boy, Ken who works as a Dishwasher. Even though both are from different backgrounds, they share the same passion... DANCE and partner with each other to enter the 2nd Annual Florida State-Wide Dance Contest. While preparing for the contest, Jennifer and Ken must overcome scheming dance partners, a meddling father, and their own doubts for their love to prevail. This 3D animated opera deals in a socially critical manner with the topic of illegal immigrants fleeing from Africa to Europe and it is also a story of impossible love between orange boy Maroc, a singing boat refugee, and lemon girl Lisa, who collects singing seashells and dreams about love. Maroc is the brave hero-type, bound by prejudice and poverty. Lisa is the daughter of a rich businessman and tomato ketchup plantation owner. Here we have the fruitier version of Romeo and Juliet - a 3D animated operatic extravaganza! "The film is a rollicking Afrikaans musical set in the 50s. In the small, bright and vibrant town of Pretville, anything is possible and lots of interesting things happen all the time." A young boy uses his video camera that he got for his birthday to spy on his mother's boyfriend, who's plotting a crime. Mix in a nosy neighbor, jealous fiance, shady maintenance man, a UPS driver with a heist gone horribly wrong and you're bound to have some drama. A drug-addicted doctor who works in an asylum discovers that one of his patients is a gifted writer. Four men are gathered in a theatre where they enact a twisted version of Peter Pan, singing songs to tell their stories, their wishes and their fears. They are aided by a talented but mysterious cast. It becomes apparent that the men are engaged in a dangerous game with their own mortality. When one of the men falls in love with the leading lady, the rules of the game are threatened, but the men's overarching desire to transcend their worlds and feel complete - once expressed - can never be controlled. Three of the men must experience what it is like to die, and for the other, the opposite.  Shelly, a young dancer who dreams of becoming a singer, and Jaqueline, an experienced singer who has had some successes and bitter the decline of her career, are partners in a brash band in a scenario that It mixes the romanticism and the sensuality of the Brazilian periphery. Inserted in the universe of show business, between nightclubs and local TV shows, they discover that everything is disposable, like success, love and other human relations. Together, they seem to form a single trajectory of life, where Shelly represents the past of Jaqueline, while this figure like the probable future of the colleague. A corrupt cop approaches four convicts from a juvenile correctional institution to kidnap the daughter of a minister, for whom he is the benami. Little does he realize that the youngsters have their own axe to grind with the minister! A small town teenager in the 1960s believes her dreams of becoming a famous singer will come true when her rock star idol gets stranded in town. But a leak in a nearby chemical plant that is believed to be causing mass mutations threatens to turn her dream into a nightmare. Silvio Rodriguez learned to play guitar secretly during his military service. After 45 years of career, he's still in full musical activity and maintains his commitment to culture through their studio, Ojala, and initiatives such as "La gira por los barrios", in which Silvio, barely advertised, performs in the most disadvantaged neighborhoods of Havana. Love Thing captures the emerging multicultural spirit and personal freedom of the late 1970s with an outrageous attitude and experimental style. A work in progress now finally completed it's the last American musical comedy from that era which can be viewed today as a prophetic satire. Through its provocative, entertaining storyline highlighted by song and dance, the movie answers the burning question of our time, "What happens after the marriage? JK was a successful singer, writer and music producer many, many years ago. As a Cambridge undergraduate he was also recruited into one of Britain's biggest and most secret services. In 2013 he is asked to go back and find a killer who is planning to destroy parts of the establishment. Under cover for the BBC he travels Europe and North Africa, searching for the assassin whilst filming a travel series. There are murders, dramas, exotic locations and delicious food as he meets a variety of characters and gets into situations during this comedy of catastrophe. Broadway Idiot follows Green Day's Billie Joe Armstrong from a punk rock concert at Madison Square Garden to the opening of his musical American Idiot on Broadway - only ten blocks away, but worlds apart. From behind the curtain share in the crazy journey of turning the mega-hit album into a punk rock musical - and ultimately see how the world of theater transformed Billie Joe. The Vargas Brothers are the cornerstone of rock and roll music in Costa Rica and Central America. Not only is their music genuine and creative, but it is the only rock band that has survived over the years, with close to five decades on the scene. Along with the great variety of groups that have stepped on the stages and dance halls of Costa Rica, The Vargas Brothers have left an indelible mark, not only across several generations, but also on the popular music of Costa Rica. Two entertainers destined for the big time are mismatched in a casting office from two very different online contests. Tony, a stripper from New York, is cast in an Off-Broadway musical and needs to trade in his tear-away trunks for tap shoes and tights. Anthony, a naive musical theatre enthusiast from Montana, needs to decide if he can strip all the way down just to stay in town. Hilarity ensues as they realize that "to make it" they're gonna have to learn some new tricks. Follow the adventures of Belle, a bright young woman who finds herself in the castle of a prince who's been turned into a mysterious beast. With the help of the castle's enchanted staff, Belle soon learns the most important lesson of all -- that true beauty comes from within.  Explores the music scene in Greenwich Village, New York in the 60's and early 70's. The film highlights some of the finest singer/songwriters of the day. Kurt Gerstein--a member of the Institute for Hygiene of the Waffen-SS--is horrified by what he sees in the death camps. he is then shocked to learn that the process he used to purify water for his troops by using Zyklon-B, is now used to kill people in gas chambers. Faces, looks, desire, love, drama, tragedy, shooting. A poor and wronged woman's son returns from the big city to avenge his father, a honest school teacher.  In an alternate Japan, territorial street gangs form opposing factions collectively known as the Tokyo Tribes. The simmering tension between them is about to boil over into all-out war. In this one-woman film, international mezzo soprano Linn Maxwell embodies the extraordinary life of 12th century German prophetess, healer and composer, Hildegard of Bingen, who was canonized in 2012 and named a Doctor of the Church. Far ahead of her time and in a male-dominated world, Hildegard challenged the established authority of the Church, both philosophically and musically. Accompanying herself on authentic medieval instruments, Linn performs six of Hildegard's original songs and through the mystic's actual letters and writings transports us to the turbulent times of the Crusades of Western Europe. Hildegard's timeless message of spiritual truth, holistic healing and caring for the earth is more urgent today than ever. In February of 2013, the Barnes Brothers attempted to shoot a documentary about the lives of Todd Snider, Elizabeth Cook and other touring songwriters residing in the burgeoning East Nashville neighborhood.  They failed.  Instead, drugs and booze took over.  They ended up with: East Nashville Tonight An upper class young Frenchman meets an African girl from Mali. Their friends and family put pressure on them to break up. Set in Paris and Bamako with an all-star cast, this musical explodes with 9 original songs and 27 African hits. An ex-pastor, whose church was destroyed during Hurricane Katrina, loses his faith and becomes a homeless wanderer. After surviving a near death experience, he mysteriously awakens in a church that is in desperate need of a pastor. In this sometimes disturbing documentary, the drugs and alcohol problems of the American working class are studied from the perspective of an Irish redneck. Traveling along the path of a labyrinth, the viewer passes through a series of extremely diverse landscapes, which are created through lush animation, evocative orchestral music, and rich dialog, in which words are used as much for rhythm and texture as they are for meaning. A man and woman guide us on this trip, taking us past gently falling Mondrian paintings, violent car crashes and bombing raids, and a pair of dancing, multicolored boxes, among many other settings. Based on an improvised performance, 'Suggestive Gestures' leads us gradually and indirectly towards a mysterious animal, hiding in the center of the maze. For as long as she can remember, Haruko has wanted to be a geisha. Eager to start her career, she approaches a teahouse in one of Kyoto's famous geisha districts to become an apprentice geisha, or maiko--only to be rejected due to her lack of references, country bumpkin dialect and uncultivated demeanor. By chance, her accent catches the interest of Professor Kyono, a linguistics specialist and regular patron at the teahouse. He strikes a deal with the teahouse proprietor, promising to transform Haruko's strong dialect into ladylike speech within 6 months. But becoming a maiko is no easy feat: have the professor and Haruko underestimated the task ahead?  Based loosely on the Audrey Hepburn classic My Fair Lady, Lady Maiko is a musical comedy that provides a window into the world of geisha and the dedication it takes to achieve your dreams. Set in beautiful Trinidad and Tobago, BAZODEE is a Bollywood style Caribbean musical about being true to yourself and honest in love at all costs. The film is a narrative starting from the story of Pierre and Syl, a couple that experiences the conflict between possession and freedom in a troubled relationship. Pierre is insecure and jealous, while Syl can't even imagine that spending time with her friends will affect her boyfriend's emotions - and also her own in a tragic way. A musical in tribute to Brazil, the garden of the Atlantic Ocean. Three families, in three different situations, have to deal with a sudden change in their lives, caused by a loss or a re encounter. Three mothers sing their love for their children while facing difficult times. A film about affection on the borders of painful happenings. Two free-spirited stoners find themselves catapulted into 2016 after smoking some top secret pot created by the CIA in 1986. With 30 years of their lives lost, these now balding and overweight friends use their uncomplicated enthusiasm to get their lives back on track and figure out the modern world. Elvi ja Rauha-aunt gets an brilliant idea: they need to find a Man, that is suitable father figure for Risto. Risto does not like this idea at all, neither does the neighbour Lennart who happens to have a thing for Rauha. In order help Risto to get off this ordeal Lennart tries to create a perfect Man that might fulfill Rauha's constantly changing ideas what a perfect Man is suppose to be. On July 31, 2010in Brooklyn, New York, the first ever American Beatbox Championship took place. Contestants of all races, from the north, south, east and west coast of the United States competed. Now it's down to the final eight! This film documents one of the most neglected genres of Hip Hop Culture and places it in it's rightful place in Hip Hop History as well as an American art form The love story of a young man and the singing, suicidal femme fatale who leads him on a topsy-turvy search for his long lost-evil brother. As he gets closer to finding the truth he must decide who to trust and what to believe. Cool Cat is the coolest cat in town. All the kids love him. Except for the bully Butch, who hates Cool Cat for his coolness. He terrorizes Cool Cat, his friends and family with threats, taunting, and the internet. Can Cool Cat face his fears and defeat the bully Derrick? A ridiculous 360 road gap in the woods of the North Shore, a 7000' descent in Costa Rica, an epic Oregon coast session, and huge big mountain lines in Kamloops. Places you have been and some that will remain secret. Riders you know well and some you have never heard of! Bits 3, CKD, our 3rd full length DVD is about an ongoing passion for mountain biking and the lifestyle surrounding it. It's a journey with some of our closest friends who inspire us everyday on and off the bike. So grab a fresh copy of CKD and enjoy one of the finer films out there. From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia  Chandra is a 2013 and 2014 Indian fantasy film, simultaneously made in Kannada and Tamil languages. Directed by Roopa Iyer, it features Shriya Saran and Prem Kumar in the lead roles. The film deals with the life of a last generation princess and her love story. Chandra is a joint production of India Classic Arts and Narasimha Arts. The film was released on 27 June 2013 to positive reviews and emerged as a commercial success, also becoming one of the highest grossing kannada films at its time.  Description above from the Wikipedia article Dan Duryea, licensed under CC-BY-SA, full list of contributors on Wikipedia. Three actresses/waitresses at a showbiz diner in New York chase their dreams and battle to preserve love, inspiration and dignity. When the diner hits financial headwinds, stakes rise and suppressed tensions and feelings surface. Atchoum is happy to be home after being on the road with her show, but is horrified when she sees the chaotic and dusty state or her room. Despite her parents request to clean her mess, Atchoum embarks on a series of adventures that take her on a colourful and musical adventure to a universe that is full of lively songs from her recent musical album 'Le grand menage'. It's a story of Coboy Junior's (Bastian, Iqbal, Aldi, Kiki) struggle to participate in the biggest singing and dancing competition in Indonesia. The competition is not only the arena to prove oneself as the best but also a crucial process of a coming of age, character-building, and priority-learning for each of the member's lives.  Bastian has to be a figure who strengthens ties among his friends. His dancing skill is an important point. Iqbal has to learn to determine priorities when his father questions his activities. Aldi has to divide his focus between his relationship with Lovely and Coboy Junior's team spirit. Kiki, meanwhile, has to produce suggestions to advance their group, including when a disaster emerges and threatens his band's participation in the competition.  Their biggest rivals, Superboyz and The Bangs, remain determined to undermine them in every way. Kaanchi movie is a musical thriller with a love story. It is a story of the inner power of a woman who represents millions of suppressed youth against unjust in the country. It is also the story of an innocent rural beauty and her fight against power. Filmed at the Celebrity Theatre in Phoenix, AZ on February 15th and 16th, 2013, Oh My God is Louis C.K.'s fifth stand-up special, his first for HBO since 2007's Shameless, and his first since winning a Emmy Award for writing on his acclaimed show on FX, Louie.  Performed in the round in front of a live audience, he discusses such topics as the food chain, animals, divorce, strange anecdotes, broken morality, murder and mortality. Everybody has one--the sibling who is always just a little bit behind the curve when it comes to getting his life together. For sisters Liz, Miranda and Natalie, that person is their perennially upbeat brother, Ned. When Ned's girlfriend dumps him and boots him off the farm, his sisters each take a turn at housing him, but Ned's unfailing honesty creates more than a few messes in their comfortable routines. But as each of their lives begins to unravel, Ned's family comes to realise that Ned isn't such an idiot after all. The wife of a pastor who preaches against homosexuality embarks on an affair with a female writer. After gallantly rescuing his love from her would-be groom, the protagonist embarks with her on the trip of a lifetime. An intelligent and affecting drama that follows lives of three couples living in three worldly cities, Sway reflects on the excitements and struggles of immigrant experience in the age of globalization when individuals have become more mobile but also more rootless than ever. In Paris, Arthur tries to convince his girlfriend to return to Asia together with him before his visa expires. In Bangkok, June ponders her future with husband Palm in America. And in Los Angeles, Amanda tries to fit into the family of a Japanese widower still haunted by their loss. Konecki works here with none other than Andrzej Saramonowicz who makes his debut as a film writer with this film that one could view as a spoof of today's cinema, focusing mainly on the part of "O Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art thou Romeo?" A man's thirst for a frozen beverage leads to chaos on a lonely desert highway. This joyous celebration of frontier life combines tender romance and violent passion in the Oklahoma Territory of the 1900s with a timeless score filled with unforgettable songs. Rodgers and Hammerstein's hit Broadway musical. Josh Selig -  Jasper Newell When big news comes in for the constant bachelor Shawn, he makes it a mission to visit everyone who has shunned him for years. This includes his old friend Greg - a children's musician living in the cozy, domestic confines of Brooklyn. After the two old friends hit some hilarious re-acquainting pains, they soon hit the American road for a trip that will show them the gifts and the costs of real friendship. On a rainy night, a dead body is fished out of a lake and brought to a local morgue. The details of who she is or what happened to her are unknown. What drove the girl to such a grisly fate?  In religion and football-obsessed Alabama, a group of actors bond while producing an original drag musical. In the winter of 2012 a community theatre in Birmingham, Alabama mounted an original musical, 'Skanks in a One Horse Town.' 'Skanks' follows the actors and creators from rehearsal through performance and after, at work, at their homes, and with their families. The cast of amateur performers bond to form a family of sorts while creating the unconventional show in a conservative Southern city. A musical love story set in an apartment building in Oslo, based on songs by the acclaimed Norwegian singer-songwriters Jan Eggum and Halvdan Sivertsen. Are trust and loyalty ever possible, when success and power are on the line? Big C and D-No (Shake Da Mayor &amp; Diego Redd) are childhood friends from different blocks who could always agree on one thing: getting money. Every day is the same paper chase, until D-No's cousin accuses Big C of murder. At night, during the Persian new year celebrations in Spring, the inhabitants of Los Angeles become the hosts to memories of Tehran. They no longer speak English, but a Persian idiom. Neon lights fill the streets with psychedelic colors. During this interval, like the old roman technics of the memory palace which used space visualisation to memorize information, the material space of the ephemeral and mutant territory of Los Angeles streets are used to host the memory of Tehran one last time before disappearing. When the mysterious band The Dryads moves into the crumbling old house next door, Hilde suddenly finds excitement in her dull suburban life. She falls under the spell of the band's charismatic singer, only to learn that being cool has a price. Whether you love him or hate him, there is no question that George W. Bush is one of the most controversial public figures in recent memory. W takes viewers through Bush's eventful life -- his struggles and triumphs, how he found both his wife and his faith, and of course the critical days leading up to Bush's decision to invade Iraq.  Four nobodies brought together by a quirk of fate decide to rob the house of a rich man. But things turn crazy when they arrive at his doorstep and find that the man is actually bankrupt. Lionel Essrog, a private detective living with Tourette syndrome, ventures to solve the murder of his mentor and best friend -- a mystery that carries him from the gin-soaked jazz clubs of Harlem to the slums of Brooklyn to the gilded halls of New York's power brokers. In this invigorating, music-filled drama, young Cuban dancers struggle to achieve fame and fortune on the world stage. An out-of-work actress moves back in with her parents and directs a production of Gilbert and Sullivan's "The Mikado" to try and save the community theater. Former couple and pop music duo Averie and Jesse unexpectedly reunite at her inn during the holidays. As they spend time together, they rediscover long-buried feelings and must decide if they are meant to live their lives solo or in harmony together. Gyu-Jung (Choi Yoon-Young) is a 29-year-old fledgling writer. She also works part-time at her mother's side dish shop and still asks for money from her parents. Her personal life isn't in much better shape as she is seeing her best friend's boyfriend (Lee Jae-Yoon). Gyu-Jung then decides to write a novel about a vampire. This is most likely her last shot at writing a successful novel. A strange man named Nam-Gul (Park Jung-Sik) appears and rents a room at her father's lodging home. The strange man stops by the side dish shop at night and requests custom made dishes from Gyu-Jung. He specifies that all of the side dishes must not contain garlic. Gyu-Jung becomes convinced he is a vampire. The Fantastic Four return to the big screen as a new and all powerful enemy threatens the Earth. The seemingly unstoppable 'Silver Surfer', but all is not what it seems and there are old and new enemies that pose a greater threat than the intrepid superheroes realize. Four young men who belong to a supernatural legacy are forced to battle a fifth power long thought to have died out. Another great force they must contend with is the jealousy and suspicion that threatens to tear them apart. Gitaz Bindrakhia &amp; Priyal Gor Movie A famous girl band is being asked by their Producer to create a new choreography to improve their new image. Their management contracted a new dance choreographer, Andre, a cute and well-known dance choreographer. The appearance of good looking and charismatic Andre caused all the member of Cherrybelle to lose concentration especially Kezia. Andre was very disappointed and decided to leave. Meanwhile, Angel was struggling with her own problems. Her sister, Karen, gave Angel a hard time for wasting her time with the "Circus". Angel was very angry and depressed. Losing a battle dance challenge, made the girls determined that they had to find Andre and get him to come back. While on their journey, they realized that their weaknesses were that they never expressed, projected and enjoyed their feelings to find the soul of dancing. NITSA 94/96: ELECTRONIC PIONEERS IN BARCELONA How a scene is born? A portrait of the pioneers of electronic music in Barcelona. A club that opened the door to Darren Emerson, Laurent Garner, Jeff Mills, Derrick May, Slam, Carl Craig and has become the mainstay of the scene in Spain. And the seed of one of the most important festivals in the world, Primary Sound. Monica is the former lead singer of the three-girl group "Illicit" who were once an R&B powerhouse. She went on to have a less than stellar solo career but now feels there is something missing. When she reunites with her former group members, they try to show her that God is the answer to her plaguing questions and also the power in gospel music. Monica, on the verge of ending a loveless relationship, must decide if she is ready for the upheaval that her girlfriends suggest. The movie soars with love, gospel music and redemption. Written by Paul D. Hannah Merrily We Roll Along follows Franklin Shepard, a talented Broadway composer who abandons his theater career in New York and all his friends in order to produce movies in Los Angeles. The musical begins at the height of his Hollywood fame and moves backwards in time, showing snapshots of the most important moments in Frank's life that shaped the man he is today. A hip hop dance film featuring Filipino world class dance champions and inspired by the music of Francis Magalona. I'm Still Here is a portrayal of a tumultuous year in the life of actor Joaquin Phoenix. With remarkable access, the film follows the Oscar-nominee as he announces his retirement from a successful film career in the fall of 2008 and sets off to reinvent himself as a hip-hop musician. The film is a portrait of an artist at a crossroads and explores notions of courage and creative reinvention, as well as the ramifications of a life spent in the public eye. Love Project despicts the lives of young adults developing within the artistic community around a production by director Touga. These Millennials are living in an era where everything seems transient, torn between their dreams of absolute freedom and anxieties about their uncertain future. They live in the fast lane and have difficult choices to make. DANCE-OFF is a tongue-in-cheek family comedy set in the world of competition dancing starring talented dancers and choreographers from TV's "So You Think You Can Dance!" Two rival studios pick their stars Jasmine  and Brandon  to compete against each other for a $25,000 prize. Jasmine and Brandon have history. They were dance partners and mutual crushes as children. But Brandon quickly moved away not allowed to say goodbye to the heartbroken Jasmine. Luckily, both kept up their dancing. Years later Jasmine shines at the well-funded Diamond Dance Studios and deals with her crazy "dance mom" Jo-Ann . Brandon leads rival Shockwave Studio that desperately needs the $25,000 to stop it from closing. Unable to deny their feelings and both wanting to win, the star-crossed lovers feel pressure from Jo-Ann, competition owner Mary , and her son JT to triumph at all costs. How can they compete against the person they love? Comedy about a woman suffering from low self esteem who gets breast enhancement surgery, unaware that her surgeon worships H.P. Lovecraft's elder gods, and the surgery is part of a diabolical plot to rule the world. An apathetic man-child, Ron, goes on a journey to restore the spirit of his catatonic mother. Artist Daniel Crook unpacks masculinity one painting at a time.  Members of rival families eventually realize they are falling in love, much to their parents' consternation. Richard Trevelyan was convicted of murdering his wife, given an 11th-hour Death Row reprieve and freed under unusual circumstances after a retrial. But his past does not matter to Shelley Carnes, an actress visiting the Texas ranch land that Richard calls home; she has fallen in love with him. But after she marries him, Shelley is beset by doubts and fear. After illegally entering the UK with a group of friends, a young man becomes implicated in the murder of a Londoner. A small-town politician falls for an idealistic zookeeper. The film is about a young trumpeter Nicholas Shevchenko. He's a talented musician, who also writes his own music, attracting the attention of the world famous musician Eugene Gaisin, who tours the city. A secret love affair between a southern Baptist preacher and a young drifter challenges the equilibrium of a growing church. Cinema verite film about individual erotic perception featuring soundtrack by electronica sound artists. After a man's family dies in what appears to be a murder, he gets a phone call from one of the dead, his niece. He's not sure if she's a ghost or if he's going mad - but as it turns out, he's not. Instead, her calls help him rewrite history. The Flemish harmony Sint-Cecilia from Staaikerke and the Walloon harmony En Avant are both selected for the big European finale. The Walloon En Avant comes up with the great trumpeter Hugues. Hugues is so amazing during his solo that Willy, from the Flemish Sint-Cecilia, has to give everything he has, the highest note, the lowest note, the last note... Willy falls dead on stage. Surprising everyone, both harmonies get selected for the finale. But what will the Flemish do without their best player? Elke, the daughter of conductor Jozef, has an idea. A transfer! What works easily on a football field seems to be more difficult in the music world. The young, handsome Hugues generates a lot of emotions in the quiet village of Staaikerke. His transfer drives the conflict between En Avant and Sint-Cecilia on. A young women attends a mysterious Job Interview intertwines with a VHS tape of an 80s Popstar. Parth,a young ambitious film director struggles with his career but in his struggles lies his confidence and belief that success will surely come his way.His search for a successful path breaking film makes him team up with Eric,a student of anthropology. Their subject ' Waari ' is a religious pilgrimage which is collectively made by millions every year in Maharashtra,India.It has kept pace with modern times but has retained its core values as it did many centuries ago. Through Parth the viewer is taken through a soul searching journey.His struggle with his conscience and his lover lead him eventually to a state of belief. 'Mokssh ' narrates a modern love story.Its not only spiritual it gives direction to the youth of the modern world who is lost in greed,lust,ambition.its a realization that everyone is connected to their roots ,culture. beauty of relationships,humanity,simplicity has been depicted &amp; high lightedthroughout the film. We Are Kings is a rock and roll/blues fable, a group of down and out musicians breaks through against all odds, with a little help from a friendly ghost. Starring Sammy Blue, Rita Graham, Bianca Ryan, Pryce Watkins, and Jonathon Boogie Long. Rulia, a local hood who finds Ishq-e-Khuda , after he is 'privileged' by the prayer of a Sufi Dervish. In a parallel unconnected arc Ashan Khan - playing Ahsan, an engineer from Karachi - falls for Iqra, while Kulsoom, Iqra's best childhood-bud, falls for Ahsan. A new teacher, Uma (Anasuya Subasinghe), arrives at a school with her first appointment in a remote village near Dambulla in Sri Lanka. The school has few students, with only the principal (Lucian Bulathsinghala) and Uma as the teacher. With the help of Uma the pupils gradually start to dream of bigger things than they ever imagined.  One day Upuli, a blind girl, shares her unseen dream with school friends Sukiri and Ukkun. It gradually becomes the dream throughout the village. The children and Uma encounter perils in their venture to realise this dream. The children of the school start to focus on something they have never seen before. This target gives rise to a small revolution. This documentary tells the story of great love, bitter disappointments and self-doubts - but most of all of courage. The courage to take risks, try something new and be yourself - no matter what age. The film dives deeply into the exceptional and heart-warming stories of a group of transsexuals and drag queens in their sixties and seventies, who summon up their bravery to take to the stage one last time. For two years they have been touring in five continents, basking in the success of a spectacular show called "Gardenia", directed by Alain Platel and Frank Van Laecke. Now, as the show comes to a close, the glamorous aging performers must leave the limelight and go home to the quiet lives they left behind. London Road is a musical drama that documents the events of 2006, when the quiet rural town of Ipswich was shattered by the discovery of the bodies of five women. The residents of London Road had struggled for years with frequent soliciting and kerb-crawling on their street. When a local resident was charged and then convicted of the murders, the community grappled with what it meant to be at the epicentre of this tragedy. This is a story of two gifted dancers, Arturo and Rosario and their journey to make their dreams come true, under the beat of the marinera. This is a hilarious mockumentary about the travails facing film school graduates as they try to find money to mount their first features. A rather talentless would-be hack substitutes his own script for the work of a deceased roommate who actually has some financing in place, and the result is a hilariously tasteless film within a film High School Shootings -The Musical. Over a hundred Vancouver area film school graduates, friends and musicians worked on this film. Every youth's imagination of love that relates the story of Adam & Eve, known since ages and shot very first time in the Hindi Language in India. Natures own creation Adam and Eve believed to be in heaven, were incited by a python to eat a fruit. Eve ate the fruit and then fed it to Adam. They were forbidden to have it and on eating it were exiled from Heaven. A painter, Karan, who is getting blur images of a girl is trying to produce it on canvas, he writes at the bottom of all the portraits 'Kahin Hai Mera Pyar' as a sign of his belief that his love exists somewhere! A businessman buys all portraits this provokes Karan's feeling and he opts to search for his love more vigorously as the story unfolds further. Punjabi Action Movie While recovering from an assassination attempt four days before his coronation, a stern prince is replaced by a romantic lookalike. In the summer of 2018, on the Serpentine in London's Hyde Park, world-renowned artist Christo created his first public work of art in the UK. Inspired by ancient Mesopotamian tombs, the Mastaba is constructed from 7,506 painted oil barrels and weighs six hundred tonnes. It is the latest work in a career spanning half a century and stretching across the world. His work to date have included surrounding 11 islands off the Florida coast with pink polypropylene and wrapping Berlin's Reichstag and the Pont Neuf in Paris.  This programme charts the creation of the Mastaba - from the first barrels being put on the water to its final unveiling - and paints a portrait of Christo as he looks back on a life spent making provocative works of art with his wife and partner Jeanne-Claude.  Two men answer the call of the ocean in this romantic fantasy-adventure.  Jacques and Enzo are a pair of friends who have been close since childhood, and who share a passion for the dangerous sport of free diving. Professional diver Jacques opted to follow in the footsteps of his father, who died at sea when Jacques was a boy; to the bewilderment of scientists, Jacques harbors a remarkable ability to adjust his heart rate and breathing pattern in the water, so that his vital signs more closely resemble that of dolphins than men (he even considers a school of dolphins as his extended family).  As Enzo persuades a reluctant Jacques to compete against him in a free diving contest -- determining who can dive deeper and longer without scuba gear -- Jacques meets Johana, a beautiful insurance investigator from America, and he finds that he must choose between his love for her and his love of the sea. A timid officer worker becomes both pariah and Pied Piper when she unleashes her confessional, scathingly honest pop compositions upon friends and co-workers, in this hilarious comedy from Vancouver's Kris Elgstrand (Doppelganger Paul). In this mind-bending 'Sci-Fi Noir' a daring physicist folds time to travel into the past, trying to stop a mysterious woman from stealing his invention. But once there, he uncovers a surprising truth about the machine, the woman, and his own fractured reality. Tatiana is a smart and demure young woman who moves with her mother and brother to their aunt's house. In her new neighborhood Tatiana meets Santiago, a quirky young man of Latin origin who can't take her diva attitude. When they discover secrets about each other, a beautiful love grows. This love, however, brings new challenges. Abo So features memorable songs by Padu del Caribe, Aruba's most celebrated musician. A brief encounter with a beautiful woman causes a middle-age man to question not only his love-less marriage, but the pre-defined life society expects of him. His search for fulfillment leads him into Chicago's exciting but often dangerous night life of dance clubs, known as 'Steppin' clubs. 5 Seasons The Movie Musical, Drama, Comedy, Jennifer is looking for her path in life she is super sexual and gets involved with Jim and Earl. Jennifer dreams of being an adult entertainer and along the way she goes through many wild and sometimes dangerous situations. Madea's neighborhood takes a turn for the worse when a foster mother moves in with her unruly kids. Suspicious activity leads Madea to take justice into her own hands. With Aunt Bam by her side, Madea uses her unique wit and wisdom for unforgettable results. A young woman commits a hit-and-run, then finds her fate tied to her victim. Lucy Chadman (Shelley Long) chokes to death and is resurrected by her loopy sister Zelda (Judith Ivey) on the one year anniversary of her death. Lucy, of course, does not believe she has actually been dead and thinks it is an elaborate hoax until she goes to her apartment and discovers her husband (Corbin Bernsen) married to her gold digging best friend, Kim (Sela Ward). The Cocksure Lads arrive in Toronto on the morning of their first North American tour.  At the age of 17 Inge falls in love with her teacher. Grace is excited for the summer so she can start a business with her friends, but things take an unexpected turn when her mom announces a trip to Paris. There, Grace must learn to get along with her French cousin, Sylvie, and she finds unexpected inspiration for her business. Then, Grace finds out her grandparents bakery, that inspired her to start a business, is closing. Can she and her friends find a way to save it? Phil and Colin Beverly are two inept small-town brothers with big dreams, and a song-and-dance rock group to take them there. When they learn of a 'performance competition' in Austin, Texas called South by Southwest, they set out on a cross-country journey, followed by a camera crew of student filmmakers who document their quest to the top! The top of what, they have no idea. Hugh Jackman plays Curly, a street performer who finds himself in a dilemma when he must choose the life of Acting or his True Love 7 brothes who has transformed into swans President Lincoln's mother is killed by a supernatural creature, which fuels his passion to crush vampires and their slave-owning helpers. Franco Zeffirelli's magnificient staging of Puccini's final opera - a fairy tale set in a mythical China - is one of the most popular in the Met repertory. In this Live in HD production, Maria Guleghina takes on the title role and Marcello Giordani is Calaf, the unknown prince. Marina Poplavskaya and Samuel Ramey co-star, and Andris Nelsons conducts in his Met debut. This sumptuously casted performance undoubtedly has the best singing of any "Madama Butterfly" recording . . . Domingo was in a class by himself at this point in his career . . . the vocal richness and orchestral splendor will sweep all criticism away for most listeners. The final scene is overwhelming . . . this is probably the best-sounding "Madama Butterfly" ever recorded, and the Blu-ray audio disc is the sonically preferred version.  New Model Army have been one of the biggest underground music artists for over quarter of a century. To their global community of fans they mean everything. Yet mainstream success has so far eluded them. This film is the story of the band and in particular their charismatic and unconventional lead singer songwriter and founder Justin Sullivan. Based on the best selling autobiography by Irish expat Frank McCourt, Angela's Ashes follows the experiences of young Frankie and his family as they try against all odds to escape the poverty endemic in the slums of pre-war Limerick. The film opens with the family in Brooklyn, but following the death of one of Frankie's siblings, they return home, only to find the situation there even worse. Prejudice against Frankie's Northern Irish father makes his search for employment in the Republic difficult despite his having fought for the IRA, and when he does find money, he spends the money on drink. A songwriter from Oklahoma, Beau Jennings spent the last few years writing songs about his boyhood hero and 'Oklahoma's favorite son' Will Rogers, the legendary Cherokee-Indian cowboy, vaudeville performer, newspaper columnist and movie star. As songs accumulated, Beau realized the need to further explore the source of his inspiration, and a plan was hatched to travel the U.S. retracing Will Rogers' footsteps, performing songs about Will at locations where significant events in his life took place. Beau decided that the performances should be filmed for the creation of a feature-length documentary film and accompanying album with the working title The Verdigris - a reference to the river that runs through Will's hometown of Oologah, OK and through Beau's hometown of Inola, OK. With a sense of fun and playful naivety, My America challenges the anti-American rhetoric of the last decade to discover what America stands for in 2010 and what it means for billions around the world whose lives it impacts.  On a business trip to Nashville, Brennan finds himself reunited with the "Girl" who had previously broken his heart. Now, for one weekend in the city's music scene, a past and present romance will be reborn and challenged. is a 2015 documentary about a girls' soccer team that overcomes all the obstacles to play soccer finally attaining glory in it. It stars local girls of Mugu district of remote Nepal which also lies in a mountainous region I am aged 7, I fear for my life. I run to a convent door. Cry for my Mother and Father. But they are no more... Now I am 21, locked in a swirling mist. Music is the only key that will unlock. My Lonely Me Celebrate the last night of the Pythons on the big screen! - With John Cleese, Eric Idle, Terry Gilliam, Terry Jones and Michael Palin. A documentary about danish director Nicolas Winding Refn, winner of the Best Director award at the Cannes Festival in 2011 for Drive. From his childhood to the shooting of his next Movie, Only God Forgives, in Thailand, discover the whole carrier of a truly visionary filmmaker. With Ryan Gosling, Mads Mikkelsen, Alejandro Jodorowsky, Gaspar Noe, PeterPeter and Zlatko Buric. The Cal Crew (Caucasian Love Returned) Music Videos: 1. Leo's Club (Caucasian Love Returned) 2. Shayda (Caucasian Love Returned) 3. The Cal Crew (Caucasian Love Returned) (Orgy Mix 2) 4. Jeanie Say Vassup (Caucasian Love Returned) 5. Pain to Penelope (Caucasian Love Returned) 6. The Cal Crew (Caucasian Love Returned) (Electro Mix) 7. The Cal Crew (Caucasian Love Returned) (Orgy Mix 1) 8. The Cal Crew (Caucasian Love Returned) 9. Jeanie (Caucasian Love Returned) (Boyband Mix) 10. The Cal Crew (Caucasian Love Returned) (Club Medley) 1 11. The Cal Crew (Caucasian Love Returned) (Club Medley) 2 12. The Cal Crew (Caucasian Love Returned) (Club Medley) 3 13. The Cal Crew [MAIN EDITION/MIX] (Caucasian Love Returned) 14. Leo's Club (Caucasian Love Returned) Version 2 Abhishek, a photographer, is on a journey from Auckland to South Island to stop the marriage of his lover Julie, with his childhood friend Sherin. But little does he realize that Sherin is travelling with him with the intention of murdering him! In Alleluia! The Devil's Carnival, Lucifer (Terrance Zdunich) incites Heaven's wrath by dispatching train cars of condemned souls a-crashin' through the pearly gates. As God (Paul Sorvino) plots to put an end to the rebellious deeds, a fable is told, and the midway gets set for a fateful reunion between God's Agent (Adam Pascal) and Hell's Painted Doll (Emilie Autumn), promising to make sinner and saint alike scream Alleluia! In the city of Sao Paulo, the routine of gravedigger apprentice Deodato changes when a new working girl arrives at the cemetery. Together, they must re-register the abandoned tombs, but strange events make the apprentice wonder about the consequences of messing with the dead. Tommy Silver stands trial in an epic musical fantasy where he must reckon with the guilt of his mother's death before it destroys him and the one he loves. Part nightmare, part daydream - as if Kafka and Gondry made a musical. A horror musical. Clips from Horror Films. Musical - Terry Gilliam's inexhaustible imagination is unleashed on the outrageous autobiography of celebrated 16-century goldsmith and sculptor Benvenuto Cellini. -  Michael Spyres, Corinne Winters, Willard White  The road-show troupe of a top Broadway show go cross-country while taking the audience along on the on-stage scenes as well as what happens and is happening back stage of the production. The spectacular dancing ensembles and colorful costumes and pulchritude on-stage offers a contrasting background to the drabness of the backstage, where joy, sorrow, tragedies, deception, and romance are intertwined. The Cal Crew is a tribute based on Pasha's friends particularly from the US: Arizona, Wisconsin, California, Arkansas, Alaska, Florida, Massachusetts and New York. The main song "Sitemail (Midnight Explanation)" gives a final message to his friends that its ok to be a pornstar, all judgment is wrong when the love is so strong and the bonding of the souls on a chat and cam show is so amazing. An aspiring actress navigates the musically comedic underbelly of Hollywood in search of fame fortune (boys) and herself. Hint: she finds one. Electro dance is all what these high school students are really into. Every period, whether class, meals, recess, exams, workshop or sports, any activity they find at school leads them into wild choreography. Derived from the ElektroKif stage show choreographed by Blanca Li, which has extensively toured around the world, Elektro High School is an urban dance musical unlike any you have ever seen. Full of humor, sensibility and without any dialogues, it is a statement about what it is to be at school today, and how be an electro dancer. Electro Dance, the first dance genre to be born in France since Can-Can, is one of the most original urban dance styles, getting hot among high school students from around the world. After ten years, an aging musician returns home to try and find his son. With the help of a new friend, he begins his journey to confront his past and find redemption. Many middle school students focus on their everyday anxieties unaware of the impending end of the world, until an Army staff sergeant announces a campus lockdown at an emergency assembly. Dr. Sheri Myes survives the bombing of her home by protesters, but is changed forever by this traumatic experience. Isolated by her obsessions, she functions in a reality of her own creation. She is on the verge of a scientific breakthrough, grafting animal senses to her brain to regain the profundity of her near-death experience. Just when Dr. Myes is poised to succeed, she loses everything and must climb back up from the bottom using unconventional means. This hybrid of animation, songs, and live-action narrative follows the research of Dr. Sheri Myes and her attempts to expand human consciousness. Verdi's IL TROVATORE again storms the Met stage in a star-studded, anvil-wielding cast , including Sondra Radvanovsky, Dolora Zajick and Dmitri Hvorostovsky. Marcelo Alvarez sings Manrico, the troubadour of the title. The story is well-known already: The gypsy Azucena has harbored a grudge for thirty years, but she is about to have revenge at last. Meanwhile, her son Manrico is in love with Leonora, but so is his arch-enemy, the Count Di Luna. A pot-boiler, where every tune is a hit. How happy and proud they are those two ladies back in Oporto! Thanks to them, their bright nephew can study medicine in Lisbon and may already have become a doctor. Little do they know, not only Vasco wastes all his time drinking, dancing and picking up girls but he has just failed his final exam! And in that same day, he receives an email from the two aunts announcing their visit to Lisbon! Will he be able to make them believe he is such a good student as they think? The composer's opera buffa transcends the spirit of Beaumarchais' comedy and combines the absurd with a touch of satirical realism in a score where rhythm and virtuosity place the comic effects in an ongoing dramatic narration. As a result, the characters - Rosina in particular - gain a new degree of realism and break with the usual archetypes. Damiano Michieletto's giddying production embraces this perpetual motion and carries in its wake the happy couple formed by Lawrence Brownlee and Pretty Yende. Commissioned by The Common Guild as part of the Commonwealth 2014 celebrations, Phil Collins's film is both a modern day city symphony and a love letter to Glasgow. Through musical numbers, animation and a uniquely Glaswegian cable TV station, the film conjures up a distinctive vision of a city. Collins met people in maternity hospitals, schools, community groups and social clubs for the elderly, asking them to sing songs, make predictions for the future, debate the status of freedom in today's society, guide us through the city's most famous prison and dance like there's no tomorrow. With animation by Matthew Robins, stellar songs from Welsh singer-songwriter Cate Le Bon, soundtrack contributions from Mogwai's Barry Burns, local voodoo ravers Golden Teacher and the Royal Scottish National Orchestra, Tomorrow Is Always Too Long will take you on a trip deep into the heart of the city and beyond. It's 'Footloose' meets 'Mean Girls' as high school freshman Bloom moves to a town where there's no place to dance - except the school dance team! But when the boyfriend of the team's lead girl falls for her, she'll have to fight to win her place amongst these venomous girls. Breaking Legs is sure one to kick your boots off and pull up your heels, as these kids dance the field away to compete for the homecoming crown at R. Murray High School. Will it be newbie Bloom, or her arch nemesis and Dance Team leader, Harmony? Watch as the two square off in this fun but odd match to the finish. Someone is doomed to 'Break a Leg' on the dance floor, or rather, the football field! Two journalists and a photographer are sent to stake out a woman's house and told not to return without a story. When the woman shows no sign of appearing, they take matters into their own hands. Actress Myrtle Gordon is a functioning alcoholic actress who is a few days from the opening night of her latest play, concerning a woman distraught about aging. One night a car kills one of Myrtle's fans who is chasing her limousine in an attempt to get the star's attention. Myrtle internalizes the accident and goes on a spiritual quest, but fails to finds the answers she is after. As opening night inches closer and closer, fragile Myrtle must find a way to make the show go on. A girl moves to the beach and spends a lazy summer exploring the ramshackle town and falling for the wrong boy. Inspired by films like "People on Sunday" rather than Frankie and Annette, BEACH TOWN is a rock and roll beach movie of the mind - an unabashedly romantic look at the lives of young people in a low-rent coastal community, where the art life is ineffably linked with their surroundings. Ani Skywalker is in the dumps. His wife is dead. He's stuck in a bogus government he hates. He spends most of his time staring out into space, thinking about the good old days. But things are about to change for Ani as he sets off for adventure in the galaxy's biggest come-back... Cal Weaver is living the American dream. He has a good job, a beautiful house, great children and a beautiful wife, named Emily. Cal's seemingly perfect life unravels, however, when he learns that Emily has been unfaithful and wants a divorce. Over 40 and suddenly single, Cal is adrift in the fickle world of dating. Enter, Jacob Palmer, a self-styled player who takes Cal under his wing and teaches him how to be a hit with the ladies. Doris Parker, the daughter of an American Marine Officer, becomes Harry Townsend's pen pal. Harry is a young American soldier with no family who has gone to fight in France. As they exchange letters, Doris falls for Harry, despite advances made by Jack Tims, a captain of the Royal Navy training with the American Marines. On the front in France, Harry's face is wounded. Overwhelmed by the news, Doris asks Jack Tims to take Harry onboard a ship he is taking to France. During the voyage, Jack foils an attack from an enemy submarine but is wounded in the battle and dies. Tom goes peeping.  Tim Rice's epic new musical of love and desire, From Here to Eternity, adapted from the classic 1951 novel. Gay sci-fi comedy about how we are all controlled by media and Government and cannot be free anymore. A feature-length documentary film about hip-hop DJing, otherwise known as turntablism. From the South Bronx in the 1970s to San Francisco now, the world's best scratchers, beat-diggers, party-rockers, and producers wax poetic on beats, breaks, battles, and the infinite possibilities of vinyl. The encounter between a genie in a lamp and a wannabe star with no type of talent whatsoever triggers a series of unpredictable and mind-blowing events, shaping a satire of the entertainment world in the form of an absolutely unclassifiable underground musical. A luxury cast of singers, musicians and dancers enriched this faithful transposition of the comic sketches written by Quintero and Pascual Guillen revolving about unrequited love Mariquilla and Gabriel. This, after injuring Pepe Luis, brother of the young lover, takes refuge in a gypsy camp to escape justice. Character actor Tom Lenk (Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Joss Whedon's Much Ado About Nothing) has long dreamed of performing in the Edinburgh Fringe Festival, the world's largest theater arts festival. Nerdgasm follows Tom's journey through all things nerdy as he prepares to fulfill his aspirations and struggles with his inner demons along the way. Polly Parrish, a clerk at Merlin's Department Store, is mistakenly presumed to be the mother of a foundling. Outraged at Polly's unmotherly conduct, David Merlin becomes determined to keep the single woman and "her" baby together. his is a tribute to the Fratmen from Fratpad in Arizona. The days are now gone. it was a secret. "Cyberspace" is "Arizona". The days may not return but the memory is stored in the songs and lyrics of this tribute video. well, Fratpad made and makes America the most funnest place on earth. it was better than all the parties and better than all the sex. But for me and for some other people its the past. But Fratpad is still there with new people. These videos were made in 2012 and 2013 and released in 2014 on DVD in the USA via Seattle and "The Soul of Cole (Musical)" , 29 music videos, all won an award in San Diego at a film festival. Infamous Musician and performance artist Kurt Dirt goes on a quest to dig up the corpse of Mary Whitehouse and Resurrect her to show her there is good in bad taste Family show In director Vicente Aranda's adaptation of the classic opera, a French writer documents the seductive power of the beautiful Gypsy Carmen, who turns her charms on a young soldier, awakening his passions but ultimately leading to tragedy. Jose becomes obsessed with Carmen and finds himself unable to control his jealousy, which forces him to make a deadly decision in this fiery story of love and betrayal. Three stories intertwine as different people deal with the challenges of living through times of crisis.  An evicted mother, a banker with a conscience and a police officer who has to do his job no matter what, sing and dance in this Brechtian musical drama about the economic crisis, people's struggle with daily life, solidarity and hope. The intimate story behind our changing relationship with death. A terminal diagnosis used to mean death within months. Modern medicine allows patients to live on for years. A passionate and touching film about uncertainty, about the future that faces all of us, following five patients who choose to sing their way through life, with a score by Mark Orton. An independent woman can't chose between the two men she loves. The daughter of a preacher becomes the centerpiece for a conservative political campaign but finds herself falling in love with a woman. Foreign film starring Sarath Kumar Cold Season is an independent modern day musical that follows an up-and- coming musician, who upon selling her bed frame to an immobilized stranger on Christmas Eve, decides to spend the night helping him build it. Together they are forced to confront secrets of their past and present while connecting through music. Raja Ram(Sharwananad) is an aspiring young athlete who lives with his single mother. During one of his sporting events, he comes across a burkha clad Muslim girl named Nazeera(Nithya Menen) and falls head over heels for her eyes. He chases her and eventually the couple fall in love with each other.  Twist in the tale arises when shocking incidents occur in both their lives and the couple get separated. What is that incident ? How did it change their life ? Will they ever meet each other again ? To know the answers to these questions, you need to watch the film on the big screen. Reactivated music band "The Transistors" sets off for a tour organized by their new manager, debt collector Czeslaw Skandal. Their bus is driven by a friend, Stan Gudeyko, - once a leader of the legendary punk-rock formation "Yperite". On their tour, musicians will encounter many hardships and disappointments, which will put their friendship and patience to the test. They will soon discover that Skandal is cast from a different mold - knows shit about music and has a completely different hobby. Furthermore, the declining music industry is not a place strewn with roses - the cards are dealt here by a mysterious sect of "Showbizians"... Mona returns to the city to renew her life with her best friend Helen following her grandmother's death. Mona reluctantly attends a raucous party with Helen, even though her ex, Jason, will be there, where she encounters the charming Dirk who alters her life. The stripper Tony and the naive enthusiast Anthony, two entertainers, destined for the big time, who are mismatched in a casting office from two very different online contests. Pierre Schaeffer, the father of musique concrete, whose greatest legacy is electronic music, invited us to consider music in terms of sounds rather than notes. Today, every sound can be recorded, hijacked, manipulated and reinvented into an original musical creation. SOUNDHUNTERS - a musical expedition - traces the adventure of KIZ, two new coming musicians, into the world of Soundhunters. From Paris to Malmo, from London to Baltimore, the film follows their encounters with exceptional musicians (Matthew Herbert, Chassol, Matmos, Jean Michel Jarre, Blixa Bargeld or Cosmo Sheldrake) from very different backgrounds and genres. Integrating the sounds from their journey into exciting musical scenes, KIZ playfully show us how the world can be turned into a limitless music instrument. Join our All-American family as they journey down the The Trail to Oregon! The Trail to Oregon is an original musical produced by Starkid Productions and was performed in Chicago in the summer of 2014. It is also the most historically accurate musical portraying the Oregon Trail to date; featuring 12 educational songs, a set precisely replicating the trail's landscape, and appearances from famous historical figures, such as: Henry McDoon, Cletus Jones, and Cornwallis. The special bond that develops between plus-sized inflatable robot Baymax, and prodigy Hiro Hamada, who team up with a group of friends to form a band of high-tech heroes.  Set during the unsettling disappearances in Buenos Aires during the dictatorship of the 1970s, the film involves theater director Carlos Rueda and his wife Cecilia. Shortly after Cecilia writes an editorial commentary questioning the mysterious abductions, she is herself abducted and taken into police custody. RECONCILIATION is a groundbreaking, provocative story about an estranged father and son struggling to overcome the heartbreaking consequences of their past. Grant Taylor (Eric Nenninger) has been troubled by intense childhood memories ever since his wife, Sara (Chelsey Crisp), gave him the exciting news..."You are going to be a dad!" As fatherhood nears, Grant privately wrestles with his embarrassment and anger toward his own father. His memories come to a head when Sara receives a call informing them that Grant's dad, Jeff (Jack Maxwell), is terminally ill and his last wish is to see his son. With Sara's encouragement, Grant reluctantly goes to see the man he disowned at his 10th birthday party, when he found out his father was gay. At the hospice, father and son confront the past as they come face to face for the first time in 16 years. Will Grant forgive his father for abandoning their family... The adventure of a Benin brass band - The Gangbe Brass Band - on the road to Lagos, to perform with Femi Kuti at the Shrine. Balu is an engineer, who is out of a job and returns home to attend his sister's wedding. His life takes an unexpected turn when he helps a friend caught in some illegal activities A group of college students, led by a newcomer, tries to win the university championship. But first, they must make a song and dance about their friendship. A young hitman is asked to prove himself by killing an innocent woman. A Life in Waves explores the life and innovations of composer and electronic music pioneer, Suzanne Ciani. One night, a group of workers realises that the administration is stealing machines and raw materials from their own factory. As they organize to survey the equipment and block the relocation of production, they are forced to stand at their posts with no work to do, as a form of retaliation, while negotiations over general lay-offs take place. The pressure leads to a breakdown of the workers along with the world around them. Captures the vivacity and charisma of the jota, a waltz-like castanet dance with its origins in the province of Aragon. Ayan falls in love with his soulmate, Alizeh, but she doesn't reciprocate the feeling. Later, a relationship with Saba helps him realize Alizeh's value in his life, irrespective of their relationship status.  Maeja strawberry fruit basket, but cleaner, Red Apple keeps everything neat and tidy, green banana, but the left is right. IMMI pineapple but most offer themselves waiting to crown replaced with the message so he can crowned himself king. Eva orange but not over water reflection, and Suss in Poland and insect lamps have become even more pranksters than before. Goofy banana and green banana continue to march across Avaxtakorfuna and not lose the rhythm. Gedda carrot is always happy, despite adversity and argues that there is nothing more natural than a vegetable farm in the fruit basket. Three best friends make the most of their last summer weekend together before going their separate ways to college.  This film is Ivan Cardoso's new incursion on pop and experimental cinema, making an hommage to old screenings at  Cine AC, and reuniting restaured films and new works. A documentary about the making of "To Kill a Mockingbird". Hate turns to love as a man begins to appreciate living in forced proximity with a lovely Canadian-Indian woman. Prince goes Sahel in this colorful homage to Purple Rain. Set among the sub-Saharan Tuareg people, and reputedly the first feature film in their Tamashek language (which has no word for "purple," hence the title). Resplendent in a purple robe and matching chopper, smoking hot guitarist Mdou Moctar arrives in a music-mad Niger town and sets about wooing a local beauty, clashing with his pious father, and fencing with the jealous king of the local scene (Kader Tanoutanoute, as wily and dapper as Morris Day) until their climactic six-string shootout. A poor but talented little drummer boy seeks to win the friendship of the pretty girl he knows from the playground.  Loaded with humanity, pageantry, sentiment and laugh-out-loud humor, Christmas Dreams is wordlessly told through color, movement and dance. A talented little Drummer Boy seeks to win the friendship of the Pretty Girl from the playground. He dreams an enchanted Christmastime world that fantastically the Pretty Girl shares. A young woman dreams of making it big in the world of hip hop, but her parents demand that she finish her university degree. She dutifully agrees to complete her education, but her spoken word proves to have a powerful impact in the classroom. The movie revolves around three childhood friends, who are married and settled in their lives but are afraid of their wives. An ordinary LDS family has a teenager named Jimmy and he wonders about life and what is coming. Jimmy's sister Julie has a boyfriend on a mission who she plans to marry when he gets home. Jimmy's twin sister Pam is handicapped and is confined to a wheelchair and wants to make things good for Jimmy. Jimmy doesn't seem to care about his large family and wants to do his own things. When Jimmy hears his mother is going to have another child, Jimmy is filled with anger and leaves. His family wants Jimmy to return and love him, but Jimmy does not want their love. During the 1980s, a failed stand-up comedian is driven insane and turns to a life of crime and chaos in Gotham City while becoming an infamous psychopathic crime figure. An unromantic musical comedy about extinction. In the woods there lives a mouse and his friends, and they are always scared of getting eaten by the fox or other predators who can't get food in a fair way. They have to make some laws so they all can live togheter in peace. The bitter sweet relationship between a young singer and her musician mentor set against the backdrop of the jazz clubs of Mumbai and the musicians from Goa during the 60s.  In the 1960s Lawrence Vaz a young Goan musician playing in the nightclubs of Mumbai, returns to Goa to find a singer for his band. He meets a promising young singer Dona Pereira and convinces her parents to let her sing in his band. While Lawry moulds the impressionable young Dona into a talented singer, they fall deeply in love. The romance between musician and singer turns into a bitter battle for love and acceptance.  Based on actual events this quasi-biographical film is a tribute to a great Goan , yet barely acknowledged, legacy. Musicians who once upon a time set the jazz clubs of Mumbai on fire and actually shaped the music of Bollywood cinem The film has been shot in various parts of India like Jaipur, Jaisalmer and Mumbai. The film is set in the modern milieu with traditional Indian backdrop and values. It revolves around three friends and their families. Kajol (Sayantika Banerjee) became friends with Abhimanyu aka Abhi (Dev) after the later saves the former from some goons in Italy. But one day she asks Abhi to leave her and go as she cannot stand the separation from him if their relationship develops any further. Comrade Washington, a black struggle activist, returns to South Africa to work with convicts to create a musical play. Through personal testimony, song, and dance, the prisoners find resilience, liberation and forgiveness. A naive girl with dreams of stardom, marries a powerful man, who abuses her while running a foundation that protects abused women. Escaping war, a Syrian writer seeks asylum in Germany with his family. On the escape route he lost his wife so that only he and his daughter are left. Once they are settled in a refugee camp, he is forced to give his daughter to a German family. A moving story of forced assimilation and the struggle of the refugee in the modern world.  Two detectives are hired to find a stolen gold record on a television channel. This film tells the story of Ozwathini, a remote rural community situated in the midlands of KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa, where people practice mixed farming and forestry on small plots between their homesteads. These activities provide subsistence and an income in an area where formal employment is virtually non-existent. The film explores the values, opportunities and challenges of living in a communal area in South Africa. It also contrasts this with the monoculture model of large scale commercial agriculture and questions why government support for such a sustainable, resilient and eco-friendly lifestyle is so hard to find. Its goal is to raise awareness around the need for infrastructure development and support in such areas to make them more supportive of people's needs and aspirations To prove a point about measuring up and fitting in, Texas teen Willowdean "Dumplin'" Dickson enters a local pageant run by her ex-beauty queen mom. The Peanuts gang perform the classic Broadway musical. In addition to the classic songs, we see Charlie Brown and his friends perform the various comedy sketches of the play. Feature film directed by Roger Sargent to accompany Suede's seventh studio album 'Night Thoughts', with each track supported by different inter-linked stories of the highs and lows of Bryn's life. The world premiere took place at the London Roundhouse in November 2015. Short film starring Vince Staples featuring tracks from his EP Prima Donna. In 2012, Bi Kidude, fast-talking, chain-smoking, rebel-rocker and the oldest performer on the world music stage, was kidnapped at a reported age of 102. Award winning director Andy Jones, returns to Zanzibar to investigate. This intensely personal journey reflects on the life and death of a legend, and sees the director embroiled in the mystery of her last days on earth. I SHOT BI KIDUDE feels both familiar and exotic. Part love story, part drama, and part reflection on the enduring impact of fame and film, it is a reminder to people everywhere to do what makes us happy, while we can. Maria Nieves Rego (80) and Juan Carlos Copes (83) met when they were 14 and 17, and they danced together for nearly fifty years. In all those years they loved and hated each other and went through several painful separations. Now, at the end of their lives, the two dancers are willing to open up about their love, their hatred, and their passion. In "Our Last Tango" Juan and Maria tell their story to a group of young tango dancers and choreographers from Buenos Aires, who transform the most beautiful, moving and dramatic moments of the  lives into incredible tango-choreographies.  These beautifully-shot performances compliment the soul-searching interviews and documentary moments of the film to make this an unforgettable journey into the heart of the tango. Salim, a young Mughal prince falls for a courtesan named Anarkali but things become complicated after he faces opposition from Emperor Akbar, his father. One Direction: All The Way To The Top tells the story of the British Irish boy band formed on British talent TV show, the X Factor. Their debut album Up All Night topped charts worldwide and the band became the first British group to debut at number one on the US charts. From being five individual X Factor hopefuls, we see the band become our generation's answer to the Beatles. Including interviews with the band, music industry experts and fans from around the world, we take an intimate look inside the wold of One Direction and discover how they have become one of the biggest breakthrough band of our time. The technicalities of Yuri Gagarin's trip into earth's orbit in 1961 are well known, but the backstory of the man himself is much more mysterious Jomer Raja Dilo Bor is a Surreal Romantic Comedy. The story is about a feminist author Ria Banerjee played by Payel Sarkar who hates men to the core.  The true story of pianist Wladyslaw Szpilman's experiences in Warsaw during the Nazi occupation. When the Jews of the city find themselves forced into a ghetto, Szpilman finds work playing in a cafe; and when his family is deported in 1942, he stays behind, works for a while as a laborer, and eventually goes into hiding in the ruins of the war-torn city. It is 1830 in Paris and the rent is due, but the money is not there. An article here, a painting there and a monkey with a cup gives them enough money for the rent, but not for food. Fortunately, Musette from downstairs has enough food for everyone including Mimi - the poor little waif from next door who Rodolphe has met. But Count Paul also has his lusting eye on Mimi and uses her embroidery to get close to her. Rodolphe and Mimi fall in love and Mimi works endlessly to support Rodolphe who is writing his play with a new found passion. He does not know that he has been discharged from writing for 'Dog and Cat Fanciers'. Mimi wants to get his play produced and Count Paul offers to help, but there is a terrible fight when Rodolphe thinks that Mimi is faithless to him with Count Paul. After the fight, he seeks out a doctor as she is sick, but she has left when Rodolphe returns and will stay away until his play is finished. Two strangers, both folk musicians stranded in California, take a road trip to New York in the days after 9/11. A story about the kindness of strangers and the power of music. When Hunter gets sent to a dorky summer dance camp, he thinks he's about to have the worst summer of his life. But the quirky charm of the camp grows on him when he meets the passionate Cheyenne and joins her dance troupe to challenge the arrogant champion Lance in the camp's Legends of Dance competition. A musical, today? Such was the audacious challenge Gael Lepingle set himself - to paint a picture in period cinema of the French middle classes: so great in number and yet so rarely depicted on the silver screen. After La Prisonniere du Pont-aux-Dions and Julien, a coming-of-age story about a teenager in la Beauce, the film-maker continues his exploration of the French provinces. The setting: a village in the Tarn region in summer. The protagonists: the villagers. The story, however, is more hectic, the plot wending its way in vibrant colours through familiar territory - The Three Musketeers. In this musical, Dumas' celebrated characters - the musketeers, the queen, Richelieu, etc., swoon in living rooms with TVs on garish sofas, talk in the wistful quiet of the pedestrianized streets with ready-made ruins laid on, debate in the pharmacy, party in the miserably dingy village halls, their words sung in an attempt to contaminate the bleak surroundings. The Rocky Horror Show was born at the Royal Court's tiny Theatre Upstairs on June 16, 1973, and went on to become an international stage smash hit and a major motion picture. When a systems engineer blows the whistle on a dangerous technology, Charlie's Angels from across the globe are called into action, putting their lives on the line to protect society. The movie revolves around Chandra Babu, who has a great passion for music which he has inherited from his father. Two grim murders in a rural town seem like a run-of-the-mill killing spree, until a local prosecutor discovers a mysterious connection that leads the cops to the prime suspect -- a criminal who died 30 years before. But how can a killer continue his bloodletting from the grave? Directed by Rick Jordan, this entertaining and otherworldly fright fest stars Jeff Marlow, Rick Jordan, Joe Estevez, Roxzane T. Mims and Teresa Castracane.  Leo Quinteros music is the base to this film in which filmmakers, actors and actresses and other creators reunite in different hotel rooms. Colonel Maurice Taylor of the Royal Flying Corps is hopelessly injured in an airplane crash immediately following his marriage to Stella. Maurice is non-functional in most of the physical areas of marriage that count, but Stella attends to his other needs faithfully for three years. Then his brother, Colin, shows up from South America, and he and Stella fall passionately in love and are making plans to run away together. Mother Taylor is aware of the romance, as is Nurse Weyland, who is secretly in love with Maurice, and now hates Stella for her careless attitude toward Maurice's patiently-borne sufferings. Maurice is also aware of the affair. He has a talk with his wife and brother. Complications arise.  Feature compilation of four Biffle and Shooster comedy shorts--"The Biffle Murder Case," "Imitation of Wife," "Schmo Boat" and "Bride of Finklestein"--plus five additional songs and sketches. The contrast between the majestic statues of Easter Island and the desolation of their surroundings is stark. For decades Easter Island, or Rapa Nui as the islanders call it, has been seen as a warning from history for the planet as a whole - willfully expend natural resources and the collapse of civilization is inevitable. Over centuries, lay songs have had a central place in Norwegian culture. This film is about a small community, high up in the mountains near Hardangervidda, where this musical tradition is understood and continued to this day. Maria and Susana, two rebellious teenagers, spend the summer in a catholic camp. While they are grounded during a weekend, the most unexpected arrival in the most unexpected way will change their feelings about life, love and freedom. Katyar Kaljat Ghusli is a 2015 Marathi film based on a play by the same name. Directed by Subodh Bhave, the film stars Sachin Pilgaonkar, Shankar Mahadevan, and Subodh Bhave in lead roles. The film marks the acting debut for Mahadevan and directorial debut for Bhave. The original play premiered in 1967 in Mumbai, where Hindustani classical vocalist Vasantrao Deshpande played one of the protagonists. In 2010, the play was relaunched with protagonists essayed by Rahul Deshpande, grandson of Vasantrao Deshpande and singer Mahesh Kale. The film's music is composed by Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy, and retained some of the songs from the original play composed by Jitendra Abhisheki. The film version of 'Till Death Do Us Part'  tells the story of Alf Garnett, his wife Else, and their newborn daughter Rita, living through the London Blitz and beyond. Young spirited Nanda Sen leaves his city home and luxury of urban life to join as the village Postmaster of Plassey where his life was comforted with the service of orphan low-caste housemaid Ratna and his only friend there school teacher Rabibabu. Ratna's charm appealed to him and Nanda married her against society and family. Succumbed to his father's last wish to marry a suitable match, Nanda landed in a crisis and escaped his desired family life. Nanda couldn't overcome this sin and finds solace in the next life. Three college friends are passionate for music and face difficulties for their common dream. Matthew Bourne choreographs this version of Tchaikovsky's ballet performed at Sadler's Wells Theatre. Bourne sets the first part of the story in 1890, the year in which Tchaikovsky completed his version of Charles Perrault's classic fairy tale, with Beauty pricking herself on the poisoned rose in 1911 and awakening 100 years later in the contemporary world. An uninhibited youth woos the hottest about-to-be-married college girl. He rises to become a rock-star - then self-destructs. Sanam Teri Kasam is the story of Sunil and his search for his father who has gone somewhere when Sunil was just a child. He meets Reena Roy en-route who leads him to his father Kader Khan. But unfortunately, somebody else (Ranjeet) has already been planted by Jeevan as Sunil and hence, Kader Khan neither recognises his real son, nor allows him to meet Reena Roy. In the end however, every hurdle is removed and all is well.  The film is also known for its super hit songs, especially 'nisha, nisha, nisha'. The other songs 'sheeshe ke gharon mein', 'kitne bhi tu kar le sitam' were also hit.  Multiforo Alicia is a space that constantly seeks to trigger rebellion, questioning, resistance, reflection and finally generate a self-managed organization for the inhabitants of Mexico City. It is the place where the others not within the market culture mainstream, fit in. This documentary tells us what it is and what's the purpose of the existence of these kind of spaces. Lionel Barrymore stars in this 1934 drama about a man contending with personal and family problems. Laali and Ladoo get trapped in a royal wedding that takes place in Vadodara. Through the beauty, gentleness and power of original score, dance, symbolism and true testimony, Arise Sweet Sarah - the feature length film - shares a message of life and healing in the aftermath of abortion. One in three women of childbearing age will abort by age 45, and these statistics are not exempt in the church. Arshinagar is a Bengali musical romance drama film directed by Aparna Sen. The screenplay is an adaptation of Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet. A young girl, Ingrid (Sabrina Dickens) has been abused and disowned by her guardians and social workers. As she tries to get her life organised through the new social worker, Ms Murray (Anu Hasan) and a new friend Jade (Brigid Shine), Ingrid tries to build up courage to speak to males her own age, tries to talk and deal with her mental health and abuse. Adaption of George Eliot's novel. When a respectable weaver is wrongfully accused of theft, he becomes a virtual hermit until his own fortune is stolen and an orphaned child is found on his doorstep. Sannasi, a folk musician, convinces Sooravali, his lover and a female dancer in his troupe, to marry Karuppaiah, a seemingly docile man. Little do they realise the sinister intentions of Karuppaiah, but when they do it is too late. Rhythm is a 2000 Tamil film directed by Vasanth. The film stars Arjun, Meena and Manivannan in lead roles and Ramesh Aravind and Jyothika in cameo appearances. The music is by A. R. Rahman, while cinematography was handled by P.S. Vinod and Arthur A. Wilson. The film was released in August 2000 in India and worldwide. Based on the real events which widowed people face while setting a steady course for their lives, the movie contains elements of both arthouse and commercial cinema. The film won critical acclaim upon its release Dora, a girl who has spent most of her life exploring the jungle with her parents, now must navigate her most dangerous adventure yet: high school. Always the explorer, Dora quickly finds herself leading Boots (her best friend, a monkey), Diego, and a rag tag group of teens on an adventure to save her parents and solve the impossible mystery behind a lost Inca civilization. Politics is the Puerto Rican national sport, and in this sport anything is possible. Fate brings Pepo Gonzalez, an ordinary, unemployed citizen, before an unscrupulous former political adviser. Her plan: to select a total stranger, without qualities or political lineage, and take the Capitol during one of the most important elections in the history of Puerto Rico. Will she be able to get Pepo a seat in the Senate? During a brutal home invasion, Casey is almost killed, but a mysterious entity appears and offers to keep her alive - but at what price? "Giovanna d'Arco; ossia, la pulzella d'Orleans" is an operatic dramma lirico with a prologue and three acts by Giuseppe Verdi to an Italian libretto by Temistocle Solera. The opera partly reflects the story of Joan of Arc and is based on a play  by Friedrich von Schiller, although claimed by the librettist to be "an entirely original Italian drama."  If the thought of Anna Netrebko strutting her stuff in a suit of armour and tin hat sets your factor tingling then this is a must. It's an inconsistent opera but has some quite wonderful music along the way. The rest of the cast is good and the production won't offend either. Get it for Ms Netrebko's incredible performance alone. Coming from a police family, Tom Hardy ends up fighting his uncle after the murder of his father. Tom believes the killer is another cop, and goes on the record with his allegations. Demoted to water-way duty Tom, along with new partner Jo Christman, navigate the three rivers looking for clues and discovering bodies. This time the victims are women Tom knows, he must find the killer to prove his innocence. Nineteen-year-old Viorel lives with his mother in a remote Moldovan town. He has no great ambitions nor any illusions about life. He and his pal Goos earn a little cash through illegal activities, and Viorel is helping him fulfill his dream of flying. His mother tries to convince him to find a decent job. Eventually, Viorel begins taking control of his life. A high-school gym teacher has big plans for the summer, but is forced to cancel them to teach a "bonehead" English class for misfit goof-off students. Fortunately, his unconventional brand of teaching fun field trips begins to connect with them, and even inspires ardor in some. Ethan, a sullen high-school student whose life is defined by what he hates, finds love with a blindly optimistic Christian girl Trinity, much to the annoyance of his angst-filled band mates and her evangelistic brethren. Chuck, a young loner, is invited by a neighbor to a dinner party, but turns it down. He finds himself visited by "Chuck of the future"--himself at age 21. "Chuck of the future" knows the reason the current Chuck doesn't want to go to the party--he's embarrassed over his poor table manners. "Chuck of the future" decides to give "Chuck of the present" some tips on proper table etiquette. Live performance  by the Bolshoi Theatre at the Palais Garnier, Opera National de Paris, 2008. Das Wassup follows the band 'Yo Majesty' through its trials and tribulations as they are making it in the music industry and not. The Band consists of three vocalists from Tampa, Florida, the producer team and record label is from the UK. The three lead women of the band had difficult upbringings and they fought hard to establish themselves as open out lesbians. Their compassion, fiery passion and authentic voices charm audiences. With exaggerated, eye-popping style, this tall tale of Lewis and Clark becomes a romping spoof of American ego. Follow the explorers out on the trail as they discover that destiny may be anything but manifest. To start again. one has to destroy. April, 1940. Manolo, 16 years old, and Jesus, who is just 8, are taken by their older brother Pepe, a lieutenant in the Army, to a sanatorium for children suffering from tuberculosis, situated on the border with Portugal. Once in the sanatorium, Manolo, surrounded by boys all much younger than he is, feels a bit like the cock of the walk since the only other man around is the handyman Emilio who looks after the gardens and does whatever needs to be done about the place. His wife, Rafaela, is the cook. Manolo meets Irene, a falangist who runs the sanatorium, and the school teacher, Miss Transito, a crabby spinster. He has his first sexual experience, albeit as a voyeur, with his nurse Vicenta. When she has to leave, her place is taken by a girl from the village, Maria Jesus, with whom Manolo falls hopelessly in love. A relationship grows up between them which will mark them both for ever. A funny musical story about a most popular Russian TV show "The Voice" and it's participants. Kuzco is a self-centered emperor who summons Pacha from a village and to tell him that his home will be destroyed to make room for Kuzco's new summer home. Kuzco's advisor, Yzma, tries to poison Kuzco and accidentally turns him into a llama, who accidentally ends up in Pacha's village. Pacha offers to help Kuzco if he doesn't destroy his house, and so they form an unlikely partnership. Musical drama that uses popular myths of Brazilian culture to narrate a story full of meetings and misunderstandings, betrayals and loves, crimes and punishments. Against the backdrop of the Pernambuco backlands - its people and its culture, the cordel, the bandits, the cinema and the circus - the film is a universal drama, laden with unique poetry, where reality and the dreamworld mingle. The most outstanding representative film soon after the founding of the People's Republic of China is The White-Haired Girl, co-directed by Wang Bin and Shui Hua. It is based on the legend of a white-haired female immortal. It tells of Yang Bailao, a tenant farmer who shares his life with his daughter Xi'er. The despotic landlord, Huang Shiren, attempts to forcibly take Xi'er for himself. On the eve of the Chinese Spring Festival, Huang forces Yang to sell his daughter as repayment of the debt Yang owes him.  A 14 year old boy, struggling with gender identity and religion, begins to use fantasy to escape his life in the inner city and find his passion in the process. When her father unexpectedly passes away, young Ella finds herself at the mercy of her cruel stepmother and her daughters. Never one to give up hope, Ella's fortunes begin to change after meeting a dashing stranger in the woods. Oka Manasu is a Telugu Romantic comedy film features Niharika Konidela and Naga Shourya in lead roles. This is the first feature film for Niharika Konidela. The film is written and directed by Rama Raju garu and Produced by Madhura Sreedhar Reddy garu. It is a pure ethnic love story between Surya and Sandhya.  Dave Chappelle takes on gun culture, the opioid crisis and the tidal wave of celebrity scandals in this defiant stand-up special. A paedophile returns to his hometown after 12 years in prison and attempts to start a new life. A love story set in the Los Angeles music industry. Anarchic activism meets self-irony: Folkbildningsterror harks back to the first John Waters films in which he gathered together his friends from the subculture scene. An intimate report from Israel's periphery. A group of young dancers, whose members are immigrants, is trying to compete in the break-dancing World Championship in Germany. The competition is the highlight of their dreams as dancers, but as we watch them prepare, we encounter a world of crisis and alienation. Mixer, 27, is supporting his family and trying to help his younger brothers, who still live with their alcoholic mom. Potter, 21, is in the army now; he still dreams of dancing, but has no one to help him care for his mother, who is ill. And yet, despite the hardships, these bold dancers confront reality head-on, because desperation is a luxury that they can hardly afford. Straight Outta OZ is a visual album by Todrick Hall featuring people such as Nicole Scherzinger & Jordin Sparks. One Night for One Drop is an annual philanthropic event in which Cirque du Soleil cast and crew donate their talent and time to create a unique and breathtaking theatrical show for one night only in support of One Drop, an international non-profit organization dedicated to providing access to safe water.  With the impending ice age almost upon them, a mismatched trio of prehistoric critters - Manny the woolly mammoth, Diego the saber-toothed tiger and Sid the giant sloth - find an orphaned infant and decide to return it to its human parents. Along the way, the unlikely allies become friends but, when enemies attack, their quest takes on far nobler aims. The encounter between a genie in a lamp and a wannabe star with no type of talent whatsoever triggers a series of unpredictable and mind-blowing events, shaping a satire of the entertainment world in the form of an absolutely unclassifiable underground musical. This sensational true story of a near fatal attraction left Mary Jo Buttafuoco paralyzed for life and made Amy Fisher America's most infamous teenager. Imprisoned 5-15 years for a crime she confessed to Fisher has nothing to lose by telling how it was-her way, her story. Deception, Promiscuous Sex, and Violence Agent Curt Mega finds himself thrust into the shadows of Cold War politics as he works to foil a plot to rebuild the Nazi empire. Along the way, Agent Mega must tango with a Russian femme fatale, waltz around a black market arms dealer, and samba through a horde of outrageous characters. With a license to kill and the voice of an angel, Mega must stay alive, complete the mission, and prove to his enemies that the deadliest weapon of all is a little song and dance. Kismath (English: Destiny) is a 2016 Indian Malayalam romantic drama film written and directed by debutante Shanavas K Bavakkutty. It stars Shane Nigam and Shruty Menon as two star-crossed lovers from different religious backgrounds. It is produced by Shailaja Manikandan under the banner of Pattam Cinema Company, and in association with LJ FIlms and Akbar Travels.  The film narrates the real-life story of a Ponnani couple - a 28-year-old scheduled caste woman and a 23-year-old Muslim man - who faced backlash from society for their relationship in 2011. What happens if you join a discouraged music lover with an exasperated romantic counselor and his hot friend recently arrived from Miami? Or a woman desperate to be a mom with a single father and a failed husband in the middle? Or a woman who just wants to have fun with a man who only thinks about her? The result is a very funny romantic comedy where the characters discover that it is never too late to become Lovers of Love. Nick Cannon directs and stars in this high-energy musical about a young man from Brooklyn who gets caught up in the vibrant Kingston music scene during a visit to Jamaica. From Alex Simmons (Honey Buddies, FFF 2016 Audience Award for Best Narrative Feature) comes every pregnant woman's unapologetic, self-indulgent fantasy about doing whatever the hell she wants. Sam is a mute 5-year-old girl who lives with her father and twin sister April in a house near the beach. On Christmas Eve, April disappears. Exactly one year later something strange happens ... A musical drama set in small-town Iowa, SAINTS REST tells the story of two estranged sisters, who over the course of one summer, form a connection through their shared love of music, as they grieve the recent death of their mother. This is the story of a trip between Spain and Latin America with a unique protagonist: the last guitar designed by the genius from Algeciras, which he never had the chance to unveil to the world.  From Mallorca, Jerez de la Frontera and Lisbon to the United States and Latin America, this musical instrument has been travelling, keeping alive the magic of its master, Paco de Lucia.  "La Maestro" flew from hand to hand; from those of Carlinhos Brown to those of Alejandro Sanz, stopping off at Tomatito's or those of Munequitos de Matanzas, delivering anecdotes, nostalgia and a lot of art along the way. A group of dancers congregate on the stage of a Broadway theatre to audition for a new musical production directed by Zach. After the initial eliminations, seventeen hopefuls remain, among them Cassie, who once had a tempestuous romantic relationship with Zach. She is desperate enough for work to humble herself and audition for him; whether he's willing to let professionalism overcome his personal feelings about their past remains to be seen. The story of a Pakhtun girl who returns from Canada to attend her cousin's wedding in Swat, Pakistan and falls in love. A talented young woman from a rural village travels to the "Big City" of Johannesburg, South Africa to become a Star. She lands a role in a musical play about Zulu Queen Mkabayi, Shaka's Aunt and searches for her identity as a Performer, a Zulu, a Woman and a Daughter. Will she be able to keep up with her more seasoned fellow performers, avoid the jealous machinations of the aging leading lady and survive the punishing rehearsal schedule to make it to opening night and shine like the star she is? "She is King" is a joyous celebration of Zulu culture in a glossy contemporary setting, showing off Joburg as the "Broadway of Africa". A Hindu boy falls in love with a Muslim girl. Naturally, this romance faces problems. A young mermaid comes to New York to pursue her dream and reach the Pacific Ocean. Guided by the music, she embarked on a journey of self-discovery across the United States. The people she meets on the way think her to be a muse and guide her to the stars of Hollywood. But what has become of the American dream? After workaholic Kevin has a drunken one night stand with the beautiful train-wreck Madeline, he's horrified to discover that she's actually his boss' jilted ex-mistress. When she takes a bottle of sleeping pills, Kevin is forced to keep her awake... and over the course of the night the two begin to fall for each other. Mila got diagnosed with tongue cancer. Instead of operation and chemotherapy she decides to try an unconventional treatment in the Amazon jungle of Peru and to make a film about her healing process. About the last two years of movie goddess Jayne Mansfield's life and the speculation swirling around her untimely death being caused by a curse after her alleged romantic dalliance with Anton LaVey, head of the Church of Satan. Larasati is forced to deliver a box of letters that belonged to Sulastri, her mother, to Jaya in Prague. The encounter with her mother's former fiance reveals a harsh truth behind her family and the dark history of a nation. A documentary about Abdulmamad Bekmamadov, also known as Abdul, who came to Russia from Tajikistan to work. He tells the story of his hard life in Moscow through traditional Pamirian tunes. Anna Nicole Smith as herself describe a "normal" day of her life and shows what she think and feel about any person or anything in her daily life. From male servant to female servant, from cook to driver, from friends to lawyers, from photographer to a camera, from bed to bath-tub, she describes everything about her daily life. A young warrior born under a dark omen learns to harness his dangerous powers and use them for good in this supernatural tale of swordplay from creator Makoto Ogino. Kajaku was born with incredible otherworldly powers, and the priests who trained him did their best to encourage the remarkable young pupil to use his unique powers for the benefit of all mankind. The only man who seems to know the secrets behind Kajaku's fantastic powers is the nefarious Siegfried von Mittgard, and when the malevolent stranger comes looking to destroy his nemesis before Kajaku discovers his destiny, the race is on to prevent mankind from falling to the rule of a merciless tyrant. A pretty young girl falls for an enigmatic, shy man who sweeps her off her feet. She becomes pregnant but is not allowed to tell him. His advisers are adamant. Back home, they have set up a wedding with the daughter of an antagonistic family and marriage will put an end to the blood feud between them. The history of the artist Ruth Gardner. That paints a picture in his own blood. The heroine of the film signed a contract with God himself. Who has promised to make Ruth famous all over the world, in exchange for a talent that had Ruth. A musical tale about two impoverished sisters' anguish over whether or not to sell the final masterpiece of their recluse father days before the second world war, in Manila.  Stockholm My Love is a city symphony, a love letter to Stockholm, the fiction debut of director Mark Cousins and the acting debut of musician Neneh Cherry. It follows one woman's footsteps through the streets of her native city, on a journey of recovery from a bad thing that happened to her exactly one year before. It's an exploration of grief, identity and the power of architecture and urbanism to shape lives, and a celebration of the power of walking and looking to make us all feel just a little bit better. With new music by Neneh Cherry, old music by Benny Andersson (of ABBA) and Franz Berwald, and images by Christopher Doyle and Mark Cousins. Martin is a young Argentinean piano virtuoso and composer. For four years, he has been a patient of El Borda psychiatric hospital. Music filled up his life. Now he is trying to return to life outside the asylum walls, while working on his new opus, "Enfermaria". In a California desert town, a short-order cook with clairvoyant abilities encounters a mysterious man with a link to dark, threatening forces. After a crushing breakup with her girlfriend, a Brooklyn musician moves back in with her Midwestern mother. As she navigates her hometown, playing for tip money in an old friend's bar, an unexpected relationship begins to take shape. Mona returns to the city to renew her life with her best friend Helen following her grandmother's death. Mona reluctantly attends a raucous party with Helen, even though her ex, Jason, will be there, where she encounters the charming Dirk who alters her life. The 25th Anniversary performance - filmed at London's Prince Edward Theatre in 2014 - of the epic musical tale of a young Vietnamese bar girl, Kim, who falls in love with Chris, an American GI.  But their lives are torn apart by the fall of Saigon. Are we in the last days of our great nation? Is it too late for America? Revive Us features worship, prayer, and thoughtful discussion as Kirk Cameron turns to Scripture to offer encouragement for our great nation. As Kirk says, 'When our family of believers gets together and the Spirit is moving, we are unstoppable!' Revive Us will have you believing this could be our finest hour! Family secrets and a witch doctor's spells conspire to confuse the life of an orphaned girl whose quest for love brings her traditional African village into conflict with the sophisticated world of international development agencies. The  movie is about true lovers and give a message to the society about the love and its meaning. The legendary Albert Finney heads an all-star cast (Jill Clayburgh, Kyle MacLachlan and Ethan Hawke) in this heartwarming drama of a retired man whose family blossoms after his wife leaves them. Jerry and Carl have conned their way from one small Texas town to another, but things go haywire when one of them falls in love with Maureen. Not to mention the P.I. that's hot on their trail... A musical comedy based on "Two Gallants" by James Joyce and the songs of John Prine. This is a concert film filmed on the 1996 "Welcome to the Freak Show" tour in support of their 1995 album "Jesus Freak." The Lucky Specials are a cover band in a dusty town in southern Africa. Mandla is a miner by day and plays lead guitar for The Lucky Specials by night. He dreams of making it big in the music industry. When tragedy strikes, the band, Mandla and their friend Nkanyiso struggle to hold everything together. Biopic of Pratima Barua Pande A film about growing apart when growing up. Two best friends relationship strains when one deals with her newfound sexuality and the other with breaking up with her long term boyfriend.  Six directors picked a favorite song by Japanese punk rock band "The Blue Hearts" and made a short film inspired by the song. Inspired by the true-life experience of its star George Takei, Allegiance follows one family's extraordinary journey in this untold American story following the events of Pearl Harbor. Their loyalty was questioned, their freedom taken away, but their spirit could never be broken. Stand Up the Musical is a one hour stand up special by Aadar Malik. The special is about music including stories of his life which are humorous and also funny. Following the events of Captain America: Civil War, Peter Parker, with the help of his mentor Tony Stark, tries to balance his life as an ordinary high school student in Queens, New York City, with fighting crime as his superhero alter ego Spider-Man as a new threat, the Vulture, emerges. Jimmy Rabbitte, just a tick out of school, gets a brilliant idea: to put a soul band together in Barrytown, his slum home in north Dublin. First he needs musicians and singers: things slowly start to click when he finds three fine-voiced females virtually in his back yard, a lead singer (Deco) at a wedding, and, responding to his ad, an aging trumpet player, Joey "The Lips" Fagan. 'Cape No. 7' director Wei Te-Sheng returns to his melodic roots with Taiwan's first musical, '52Hz, I Love You.' The Jungle Book: tell the story of Mowgli a young boy who is fighting cancer. Mowgli's mom and Grandfather Tom pray for a miracle as Mowgli's condition starts to deteriorate. When Mowgli's closes his eyes, his mind takes him into the world of his favorite story, The Jungle Book. The Monkey King believes that if he can capture Mowgli, he can become human. The wolves try to keep Mowgli safe from the dangers of the jungle. This heart warming story will keep you entranced from beginning to end. France, 1425. In the midst of the Hundred Years' War, the young Jeannette, at the still tender age of 8, looks after her sheep in the small village of Domremy. One day, she tells her friend Hauviette how she cannot bear to see the suffering caused by the English. Madame Gervaise, a nun, tries to reason with the young girl, but Jeannette is ready to take up arms for the salvation of souls and the liberation of the Kingdom of France. Carried by her faith, she will become Joan of Arc. The rousing tale of Jack Kelly, a charismatic newsboy and leader of a ragged band of teenaged 'newsies,' who dreams only of a better life far from the hardship of the streets. When publishing titans raise distribution prices at the newsboys' expense, Jack finds a cause to fight for and rallies newsies from across the city to strike and take a stand for what's right. A mix-up with a security card causes a malevolent building to try and kill an employee on his first day at work. At the dawn of humanity, one tribe of cave-people survives the many trials of prehistoric life under the wise leadership of Jemilla, The Peacemaker. Jemilla taught her people to express themselves, rather than bashing each others' heads with rocks and eating each others' babies. But one member of the tribe doesn't seem to fit in: Zazzalil. She's always trying to invent things to make life easier... for herself. While out hatching her latest scheme, Zazzalil stumbles upon the most important discovery in history. One that will pit her tribe against wooly mammoths, saber-toothed tigers, and change the world forever. She'll travel from omega to alpha, and become... the Firebringer! Jim leaves the bright lights of show business behind to settle down on his farmhouse in Connecticut... but life just isn't the same without a bit of song and dance. Jim's luck takes a spectacular turn when he meets Linda, a spirited schoolteacher with talent to spare. Together they turn the farmhouse into a fabulous inn with dazzling performances to celebrate each holiday, from Thanksgiving to the Fourth of July. But when Jim's best friend Ted tries to lure Linda away to be his new dance partner in Hollywood, will Jim be able to salvage his latest chance at love? Vignettes weaving together the stories of six individuals in the old West at the end of the Civil War. Following the tales of a sharp-shooting songster, a wannabe bank robber, two weary traveling performers, a lone gold prospector, a woman traveling the West to an uncertain future, and a motley crew of strangers undertaking a carriage ride. In this YouTube Red Original, DJ Khaled and Mariah Carey drop a holiday hater (Rudy Mancuso) into a mystical winter wonderland where an all-star cast of lyrical troublemakers show him the true meaning of Christmas. In the near future, a friendly exploratory mission to Earth from the planet Zenturia crashes on Mars's moon Phobos, and cosmonauts from the USSR are sent to the difficult and dangerous rescue.  Although this film was never shown in the USA in its entirety, producer Roger Corman adapted the plot premise for his 1966 sci-fi-horror opus, QUEEN OF BLOOD, and utilized some of its special effects in that film. He works as a football coach at Dokki Sports Club but does not succeed in making any significant achievements in his career, which makes Habashi not agree to marry his daughter Osha (Bossi), but he has a last chance . A couple of exchange students talk about their life on the other side of the globe. The journey of young adults on their first big adventure in life. Is it a Drama? A Comedy? Or Music Hall dream? Director Julien Temple (The Great Rock n Roll Swindle, Absolute Beginners) takes a stage show, adds some drama, archive, animation and music, then shakes it all up for MY LIFE STORY where singer Suggs, takes a hilarious, yet moving, look back at his life in music and words. The death of Suggs' beloved cat on his 50th birthday triggers a personal quest to discover what happened to the father he never knew. Stunned by what he learns Suggs is taken back through his life to a childhood on the streets of Soho featuring music written by The Kinks, Ian Drury and, of course, his beloved Madness.  Author Frank R. Stockton, often asked the question, finally decides to divulge the untold ending of his story, The Lady or the Tiger? The musical tells the story of Elisabeth ("Sissi"), the Empress of Austria, from her engagement and marriage in 1854 to her murder in 1898 at the hands of the Italian anarchist Luigi Lucheni, through the lens of her growing obsession with Death as her marriage and her empire crumble around her at the turn of the century. At the end of the year, Linden got dumped by his girlfriend. He lived with her in her place, in Germany. He is a tap dancer and now he has no place to go. So he plans to perform a concert moving around the world with friends. But he gets a call from an old friend. And he cancels the plan. Instead of that, he decides to come to Paris because she moves to Paris. He wants to meet her with an unknown desire. But every time, they make an appointment to meet up, she breaks up the promise. Even though, he meets his cousin, friends and new people, he always feels empty and lonely. And his desire to meet her is getting stronger. The year changes though, his situation doesn't change. She calls him that she is going to Spain. He decides to go to Spain. On his way, he is having a good time with people by listening their stories. But he can't stop thinking about her. He increasingly gets tired and mad at her. Unluckily he lose everything he has because of a swindler. And he calls her again... Comedy romance film  Having been sold by her family to be the bride of a controlling billionaire, Actually searches for a way out. Catherine and Blake just tied the knot. Samuel and Catherine have a long and intimate history which is significant to the fact that Samuel and Blake are best friends. When Samuel decides not to attend their wedding under some pretense that no one believes, he invites the newlyweds to Nadi Vineyards for a week-long party in paradise to make up for his absence. Records spin, wine flows, and bottles pile up. What unfolds over the course of this week will rearrange the geometry of Samuel, Catherine, and Blake's relationships and test the boundaries of their complicated, revolving love for one another. Two friends involve with same girl which eventually deteriorate their friendship. The story of the 10-year rocky relationship between Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis. An original feature film about the different dances around the world. MOVE! is a visual poem, an aesthetic roadtrip, A unique film in the History of Cinema, Since the invention of cinema, the standard format for recording moving images has been film. Over the past two decades, a new form of digital filmmaking has emerged, creating a groundbreaking evolution in the medium. Keanu Reeves explores the development of cinema and the impact of digital filmmaking via in-depth interviews with Hollywood masters, such as James Cameron, David Fincher, David Lynch, Christopher Nolan, Martin Scorsese, George Lucas, Steven Soderbergh, and many more. Hadiyya is mainly a story of a man and two women from different parts of India. Some interesting common elements, coupled with a few twists and turns in their life bring them together. Nomansland is a modern homosexual love story about unconditional love and the importance of forgiveness. It describes the "no man's land" between sexual drive and the desire for love. It is a raw, non-caricatured depiction of the Danish gay underground. The rock and roll at the State of Mexico comes alive with the participation of several dozen musical groups, ranging from small auditions in wastelands and warehouses to large productions with massive events, with five or ten thousand people. In this universe of rituals, symbols and codes, we approach the work of eight bands: Bostik, Tex tex, Liran'roll, Lvzbel, Rebel'd Punk, Follaje blues band, Transmetal, and Juan Hernandez and his blues band. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, a rowdy young prodigy, arrives in Vienna, the music capital of the world - and he's determined to make a splash. Awestruck by his genius, court composer Antonio Salieri has the power to promote his talent or destroy his name. Seized by obsessive jealousy he begins a war with Mozart, with music, and ultimately, with God.  In the footsteps of cult singer Karen Dalton, A Bright Light - Karen and the Process takes us on a frantic and mesmerizing road trip across the United States. In search of one of the sixties' most astonishing voices, adulated by her peers, but unknown from the general public, A Bright Light is a documentary made of music and art that questions the creative process. On a wild and enchanted journey from Colorado to Woodstock, three women search for this once upon a time muse. Along the way, they encounter those who knew her as well as those whom she still haunts and influences today. The film draws the portrait of this exceptional artist, furiously free, who refused the system and its compromises. Through this iconic figure, we follow the quest of a certain freedom of life and expression and an independence for better or worse. Five years after meeting her three fathers, Sophie Sheridan prepares to open her mother's hotel. In 1979, young Donna Sheridan meets the men who each could be Sophie's biological father. After finding himself at the constant abuse of his best friend Bobby, Marty has become fed up with his friend's twisted ways. His girlfriend, a victim of Bobby's often cruel ways, couldn't agree more and they strategize murdering Bobby. A journey deep into the oldest music in the Western world, guided by an eccentric musicologist who has dedicated his life to understanding and preserving it. Ernest Shackleton Loves Me follows a sleep-deprived single mom and video game music composer who is contacted across time by the famous polar explorer Ernest Shackleton. Inspired by her music, he shares his epic Antarctic journey with her in video and song, and the two discover that their greatest inspiration lies in each other. Simba idolises his father, King Mufasa, and takes to heart his own royal destiny. But not everyone in the kingdom celebrates the new cub's arrival. Scar, Mufasa's brother--and former heir to the throne--has plans of his own. The battle for Pride Rock is ravaged with betrayal, tragedy and drama, ultimately resulting in Simba's exile. With help from a curious pair of newfound friends, Simba will have to figure out how to grow up and take back what is rightfully his. After barely surviving a furious shootout with the police, Baby Firefly, Otis Driftwood and Captain Spaulding are behind bars. But pure evil cannot be contained. Teaming up with Otis' half-brother Wilson, the demented Firefly clan escape to unleash a whole new wave of murder, madness and mayhem. A New York City man, Alex, takes an off-season trip to the Hamptons in attempt to escape his routine life in the city. While trying to spend his time relaxing, Alex ends up lost, putting him in contact with some life-changing locals during his night of adventures.  Karin Oriyama, 16 years old. She is in high school and... she's about to get married! The musical adventure of the 16-year-old Jasmine who goes to Suriname to attend a song contest, but secretly is looking for her mother. A young Brooklyn boy witnesses the brutal murder of his mother and grows up obsessed with finding her killer. Thus begins his life as a quiet, straight-A student by day and a self-appointed hero at night. But what is a real hero? And who decides what is right or wrong? As the boundaries blur, Sean's dual life wears on his psyche and his two worlds careen dangerously close to colliding. Like a graphic novel you can't put down, Boy Wonder challenges morality, distorting perceptions of what is right and what is justified, as it races to its shocking conclusion. Stephen Sondheim's legendary musical is staged for the first time at the National Theatre and broadcast live to cinemas.  New York, 1971. There's a party on the stage of the Weismann Theatre. Tomorrow the iconic building will be demolished. Thirty years after their final performance, the Follies girls gather to have a few drinks, sing a few songs and lie about themselves.  Tracie Bennett, Janie Dee and Imelda Staunton play the magnificent Follies in this dazzling new production. Featuring a cast of 37 and an orchestra of 21, it's directed by Dominic Cooke (The Comedy of Errors). In the late 70s, a gang of militias under the control of the military, terrorizes a remote village in the Philippines. The poet/teacher/activist, Hugo Haniway, decides to find out the truth about the disappearance of his wife. A love story set in the darkest period of Philippine history, the Marcos Dictatorship. Based on real events and real characters. Charles Bronson is out for revenge in this action drama. Jackie Pruit (Jill Ireland) is the girlfriend of notorious gangster Joe Bomposa (Rod Steiger). When it looks as if Jackie's life is being threatened by Bomposa's goons, the FBI moves in to protect her, in hopes that she'll have incriminating evidence that the Bureau can use against Bomposa in court. Veteran agent Charlie Congers (Bronson) is assigned to watch over Jackie, and while it soon becomes obvious that she knows almost nothing about Bomposa that would be of any use to the FBI, he also falls in love with her. However, Bomposa decides that it would be a lot more convenient to have Jackie out of the way, and he orders her to be executed. Bomposa's henchmen manage to slip through FBI security and murder her, but now they have to answer to the angry and vengeful Congers. Presented in Glorious Cinema - O - ke! A feminist documentarian, a pickup artist, and a virgin's lives collide. Aries Santos is a Fil-Aus feminist documentarian who is struggling to complete her new film. Her subjects are the male members of '(c)TRU MALE DYNAMICS', a company formed to teach men how to seduce women. Meanwhile, a sex worker named Melody slays into the night. The line between reality and fiction blurs, and blood is shed on the neon-lit streets of Melbourne. Uma, a young and bright student and her father, Job, an excellent musician living a happy and peaceful life together in Kolkata on the east bank of the Hugli River. However, Job, who is always yearning to go back to his homeland, finally returns as Uma agrees to go with him but little do both know that their life would turn upside-down as Uma finds upsetting and disturbing things about her father. She finds solace in an unlikely ally who not helps her mend the relationship with her father but also becomes her soulmate.  When the future of his community of Junior Artists (Film Nagar) is threatened, Raana takes his team of underdog dancers (The Battery Boys) on a mission to win an International Dance Competition and save their home. Their journey rife with obstacles, they seek the help of classical dancers Sri Lakshmi and Sri Devi to edge out the competition (Krishna Dance Academy). Who will prevail in this story of love, hope and hunger for success? The story of the late jazz musician and classical pianist Nina Simone including her rise to fame and relationship with her manager Clifton Henderson. Banaras: A Mystic Love Story is the name of an Indian Bollywood film directed by Pankaj Parashar released in 2006. The film takes place in the Hindu holy city of Varanasi (the city, once known as Banaras, serves as a destination for the pilgrimage of millions of Hindu worshippers annually) and is centered around the relationship of a young woman with her parents and her lover. The storyline also has a strong religious dimension. Most of the film was shot in Varanasi, with some scenes shot in Mauritius.  Xiaozhen used to be a pure, kind-hearted Christian, who always treated her friends sincerely. However, when it was to their benefit, her former friends became her enemies. After suffering this tragedy, Xiaozhen was forced to abandon her true heart and her former principles. She began to betray her own good conscience and good spirit, and wallowed in the mire of the evil world. ... As she fell from grace and walked a path of depravity, she was trampled by the world and became riddled with scars and bruises. She had reached a dead end, and at her point of despair when she had given up all hope, Almighty God's sincere call finally awakened Xiaozhen's heart and spirit ... PUP STAR is back, with an all-new movie that takes the popular singing dogs on trip around the world, where Tiny and friends find fantastic new songs and meet exciting new canine singers that prove music really is the universal language. A group of rebellious, creative Kiwi seniors give death the finger, one crazy coffin at a time. Contains all three nights concerts in stunning High Definition with high quality Stereo &amp; DTS Master HD Surround sound. This Bluray release also includes all of the Marbles night screen projection films which can be watched in Stereo or 5.1 Surround sound. Directed by Richard Philpott. This beautiful film about the immigrant experience is a San Francisco film about Eritrea. Sephora Woldu plays "Sephora" who, like the director, is an architecture student but also a filmmaker. She is pitching to her traditional mother a film she wants to make about a man who fled their home country and ended up in San Francisco. As a recently arrived immigrant, he is terribly homesick for his native Eritrea, but will not admit it due to unease towards speaking ill of the country; and more consciously in hesitance of admitting hard truths about his culture and himself. "It's colorful and visually whimsical in a way that can only be described as if the Wizard of Oz went to Africa," said Woldu. After being hypnotized by his sister in law, Tom Witzky begins seeing haunting visions of a girl's ghost and a mystery begins to unfold around her. Magic Mirror combines a re-staging of the French Surrealist artist Claude Cahun's black and white photographs with selected extracts from her book Aveux Non Avenus (Confessions Denied). In Surrealist kaleidoscopic fashion the film creates a weave between image and word, exploring the links between Cahun's photographs and writing as well as between those of the films of Sarah Pucill, as both artists share similar iconography and concerns. Beginning during the Yellow Turban rebellion that initiated the downfall of the ruling Han dynasty. At the start of the story, both Liu Bei, its eventual protagonist, and Cao Cao, its eventual antagonist, are minor players. Liu Bei is striving to find a way to bring order to a chaotic world. As he puzzles he way toward the correct course of action, he befriends two powerful warriors, Zhang Fei and Guan Yu. Together, they take the Oath of the Peach Garden, to live and die together as warriors for justice. Meanwhile, Cao Cao is pondering how to fulfill his destiny as "a hero in a chaotic world or a villain in a peaceful one." The story of a virtuoso piano player who lives his entire life aboard an ocean liner. Born and raised on the ship, 1900 (Tim Roth) learned about the outside world through interactions with passengers, never setting foot on land, even for the love of his life. Years later, the ship may be destroyed, and a former band member fears that 1900 may still be aboard, willing to go down with the ship. Yearning to reunite with his father in Kaohsiung city, Manawei joins his elementary school's dance troupe. On Halloween, an all girl rock-n-roll band called "Kill Pussy Kill" ventures out to play their biggest show to date. However, before hitting the road they manage to unwittingly upset a man. Unfortunately, this man turns out to be an evil genius dead set on revenge. The evil genius manages to lure the girls into his Hell House and when they wake up from being gassed, they find themselves trapped inside an inescapable room filled with a vicious variety of devices that can kill them as well as a variety of weapons that can be used on each other. The rules are simple: advance through all three rooms and you are allowed to go free. The catch is, in order to make it to the next room, someone must die! A group of friends from high school days reunite for once more time before one of them dies from cancer.  When her husband abruptly ends their marriage, empty nester Kate embarks on a solo second honeymoon in Africa, finding purpose and potential romance. Just north of London live Wendy, Andy, and their twenty-something twins, Natalie and Nicola. Wendy clerks in a shop, leads aerobics at a primary school, jokes like a vaudevillian, agrees to waitress at a friend's new restaurant and dotes on Andy, a cook who forever puts off home remodeling projects, and with a drunken friend, buys a broken down lunch wagon. Natalie, with short neat hair and a snappy, droll manner, is a plumber; she has a holiday planned in America, but little else. Last is Nicola, odd man out: a snarl, big glasses, cigarette, mussed hair, jittery fingers, bulimic, jobless, and unhappy. How they interact and play out family conflict and love is the film's subject. A modern day musical telling of the ministry of Jesus Christ set in New York. The Apostles, portrayed as an acting troupe re-enact the parables and teachings of Jesus. Tells the story of Daniela (Maricarmen Marin), a fighter woman who cares for four children and a few days before Christmas, a fact that changes their lives forever, demonstrating that love and union overcomes all challenges. Four vignettes from the lives of families, couples, and individuals illustrate powerful truths that make marriage more rewarding and family relationships more meaningful. Inside prison, El-Ghazuli helps Adawi, Sallukah, Atwah, Mansi, and Sayyed Balakonah to escape from prison to finish a 30-day job. They have to return back a nightclub to Shafiqah who inherited it from her late husband. Her stepson is doing his best to move her away. Sam, a neurotic young filmmaker has trouble deciding which of his relationships are meaningful after discovering the affirmations of social media. "1980 Dawgs" is an extraordinary new documentary film produced in a 2-DVD Collectors Edition set. The most accurate and in-depth project ever produced on that special season. Current, often emotional, interviews with 27 players, coaches and others involved. 22 separate chapters include the inside stories and game footage highlights of each game, some with Larry Munson's best calls. And, special segments on important Bulldog history such as The Railroad Tracks (which includes old live film footage), Coach Erk Russell, a Larry Munson Tribute and more. Hostel Days is a typical campus love story starring the young and talented Tollywood actor Raja, and Ghazal Thakur, who made her debut in the film industry with this movie. A supertyphoon ravages the hometown of a family band composed of four boys, putting a halt to their musical pursuits. While taking refuge in a distant farmland, they meet a rich girl who offers to help them record their songs and have them played on the radio. Individual interests and trauma caused by the calamity test the unity of the band, as they struggle to make sense of life's ironies and tragedies. Ramiro's grandfather is on vacation in a hostel in the mountains with his family. Decides to send theirs to Madrid and stay in a shelter, saying his health requires. But the reason is another ...  A young, inquisitive girl named Nargess encounters a girl from another school who could pass as her twin. Amazed by the strange coincidence, the two girls rush to their respective parents, but neither side has the time to hear them out. Nargess finds herself caught between her mother and father as she tries in vain to make herself heard, and when that fails, the two girls hatch a plan to swap places and see if their parents notice. While everything goes smoothly at first, it's not long until they start encountering problems in this double-sided family drama. The MeshugaNutcracker! is a full-length musical comedy that features the wonderfully silly sensibilities of the folklore of Chelm (the fictional town of fools) underscored by an invigorating, Klezmer-ized orchestration of Tchaikovsky's "Nutcracker Suite", now with original lyrics that celebrate Chanukah. Judah Maccabee's triumphant saga and accounts of perseverance during the Holocaust as well as the celebration of the first Chanukah in the new state of Israel emerge with a genuine sense of wonder as the Chelmniks tell eight stories that pay tribute to the holiday. Add in dancing dreidels, singing sufganiot, and surprise guest stars and you have the perfect recipe for a holiday gathering. Some might call it crazy...we call it The MeshugaNutcracker! Heaven Leigh Casteel, gifted and intelligent, is the eldest of five dirt-poor children struggling to survive in a mountain shack. As she endures neglect and abuse, Heaven discovers a dark secret that changes everything she thought she knew about her family. Then tragedy tears her world apart and she must forge her own way in the cruel, unknown world. Mumbai Pune Mumbai 3 shows Gautam and Gauri's after marriage life. It is the sequel of the 2015 film Mumbai Pune Mumbai 2 (2015). Maryann moves in with her grandparents after she's orphaned. Desperately lonely, she sets out to befriend a neighboring deathly ill, bed-ridden boy, despite the outright disapproval of his mother. Maryann's persistence pays off, however, and during a series of secret visits she gradually uncovers some seriously sinister goings-on in the house. The story of a super-secret spy organization that recruits an unrefined but promising street kid into the agency's ultra-competitive training program just as a global threat emerges from a twisted tech genius. A funny story of Lviv batiars (noble tramps) who live with the slogan: "To love Lviv, women and jokes". To make their life bright, they resort to various adventures, while remaining positive heroes. Unexpectedly the batiars become guardians of a young beauty and their adventures are gaining new momentum. The film's events take place in Lviv in 1938-1939. Dan and Phil's stage show "The Amazing Tour Is Not On Fire" comes to YouTube as a live performance movie on October 5th!  Inspired by the best of their videos, live and interactive with a real audience--along with some surprises you'll never see coming. What happens if you join a discouraged music lover with an exasperated romantic counselor and his hot friend recently arrived from Miami? Or a woman desperate to be a mom with a single father and a failed husband in the middle? Or a woman who just wants to have fun with a man who only thinks about her? The result is a very funny romantic comedy where the characters discover that it is never too late to become Lovers of Love. Paris, after the end of the Second World War: GI Jerry Mulligan stays in the City of Lights after falling in love with a mademoiselle at first sight. Being a stranger, Jerry gets to know pianist Adam Hochberg, who - unbeknown to Jerry - adores the same woman. The two of them have to work together for a ballett with said woman, who is promised to Henri Baurel. Henri also gets acquainted with Jerry and Adam.  An exploration of the dead-ends in downtown Paris juxtaposed with the endless roads of Russia, as a metaphor to the lives of their inhabitants. A musical of techno loops, boundless tracks of humans in transit. Anthony Hancock gives up his office job to become an abstract artist. He has a lot of enthusiasm, but little talent, and critics scorn his work. Nevertheless, he impresses an emerging very talented artist. Hancock proceeds to con the art world into thinking he is a genius. Title says it all. Wrestler, interplanetary babes... Join Ratty, Badger, Mole and the impulsive Toad as they embark on a series of riotous adventures spiralling from Toad's insatiable need for speed! A physical and spiritual journey of the last heir from the ancestral culture of oral tradition that remains on Easter Island: Maria Elena Hotus. Before dying she has taken the decision to leave her legacy and appoint as her successor to her daughter, Aru Pate Hotus, an island that must fight against the deeply rooted and prejudiced patriarchal society. A look at the role of the Buckeye State in the 2004 Presidential Election. Based on a theater musical, this movie is set in the city of Lima, Peru during the end of the 80's. The plot is about a group of youngsters from Lima who are participating in a contest for the best new Peruvian rock band. All these while they have to deal with the worst economic situation in Peru, corrupt leaders and terrorism that is rampant throughout the country. Features very  popular Peruvian rock songs from the 80's and 90's.  Once upon a time in Russia, communism fell and Rock 'n' Roll rose to power. One band reigned supreme and toured far and wide across the eastern earth, but never even left Russia - until now. They only have once chance, to not only rule Russia -but to become the best band in the West. The strategy is simple - get on the boat, create an album - and make new friends. All with hopes of finally becoming a household name in the United States. But sometimes fame is harder than just toppling a government. Based on Lloyd Kaufman's cult 1984 comedy film, The Toxic Avenger The Musical tells the story of the citizens of Tromaville who are crying out for a hero. Enter nerdy Melvin Ferd the Third, an aspiring earth scientist, determined to clean up the state's major toxic waste problem. When a corrupt Mayor and her government goons get wind of his plans, they vow to stop this heroic feat. Melvin is attacked and tossed into a vat of toxic waste... transforming him instantly into The Toxic Avenger, New Jersey's first superhero! Toxie is a 7-foot mutant freak with superhuman strength and a supersized heart to match. His aims are to save heavily polluted New Jersey, end global warming, win the heart of the prettiest (blindest) librarian in town - and get home in time for dinner! The staff and students at St. Bernadette's Primary School audition for a coveted place in a spectacular rock musical competition. 1988 short film by Philip Hoffman. Peel back the curtain on the art of drum-making! Stars collide as John Good (known as the 'Wood Whisperer') crafts one of the most epic drum-sets of all time: The R40 played by Neil Peart on their final Rush tour, made from a Romanian bog oak that is over 1500 years old! A journey from the forest to the stage. Special prosecutor John Conroy hopes to combat organized crime in his city, and appoints his cop father Matt as chief investigator. John doesn't understand why Matt is reluctant, but cynical reporter Jerry McKibbon thinks he knows: he's seen Matt with mob lieutenant Harrigan. Jerry's friendship for John is tested by the question of what to do about Matt, and by his attraction to John's girl Amanda. Meanwhile, the threatened racketeers adopt increasingly violent means of defense.  Gaane Ki Aane is a 2016 Assamese language musical romance film directed by Rajesh Jashpal. It stars Zubeen Garg and Parineeta Borthakur in the lead roles. The Story of the Film is inspired by 1973 Hindi film Abhimaan starring Amitabh Bachchan. Aami Ashbo Phirey is a musical that is about four different stories that are all connected by a violent incident. A young, unknown and unheard singer and songwriter accidentally enters the stories through virtual media and changes their lives for the better. The film re-asserts that art can surpass all differences, violence, intolerance and give them a chance to redeem oneself. Rodor Sithi is a Assamese language musical drama film directed by Baharul Islam; based on a play titled Beyond the Obvious written by the director himself. The film is produced by Ikramul Majid under the banner of Alternative Cinematics and stars Zubeen Garg, Angaraag Mahanta, Bhagirathi and Adil Hussain in the lead roles. Overview Coming Soon...  Jamie is 16 and lives on a council estate in Sheffield.  Jamie doesn't quite fit in.  Jamie is terrified about the future.  Jamie is going to be a sensation.  Supported by his brilliant loving mum and surrounded by his friends, Jamie overcomes prejudice, beats the bullies and steps out of the darkness, into the spotlight.  Sixteen: the edge of possibility. Time to make your dreams come true. In Thamel, three friends come together with big dreams of winning a band competition as the rock band Karkash. Searching for a new vocalist, they meet Ivan, who joins the band and turns out to be a drug addict. Four stories intersect in a zentai meeting hotel, the sexual discipline, and fetish whose practitioners wear lycra suits and rub each other. Mother and daughter recognize each other in a ritual, a man does not decide what to wear, a coach loses his authority and two lovers never see their faces. From the National Fallen Firefighters Foundation, "Charleston 9: The Ultimate Sacrifice", looks at the dramatic changes made in the operations of South Carolina's Charleston Fire Department following the deaths of nine firefighters on June 18, 2007. The video, produced by STATter911 Communications and Greg Guise Media, focuses on how the leadership of the late Chief Tom Carr helped the department recover after such a devastating loss An IT ant-worker in a small solitary office is forced to attend a boring conference call and finds abnormal ways of amusing himself while tuning out the phone call. A young woman returns to her small hometown to rediscover music, family bonds, and the magic of the Christmas season. For Pablo Escobar family is everything. When young surfer Nick falls for Escobar's niece, Maria, he finds his life on the line when he's pulled into the dangerous world of the family business. Alabama-born Eugene Walter lived a magical life, reportedly running away from home at age three, living in the back room of a bookshop at ten, painting coffins in rural Mississippi while in the Civilian Conservation Corps in the late 1930s and serving as a cryptographer in the Aleutian Islands during World War II. That was before he took an ice cream freighter to France in the late 40s, met and worked with the American born princess who published the world famous literary journal Botteghe Oscure, helped found the Paris Review and acted in the films of Federico Fellini while translating most of the latter's screenplays into English. Along the way he won the Lippincott Prize for first novelists, a Sewanee Review Fellowship in poetry, and became the epicenter of the expatriate community in Rome, where his parties were legendary. Not bad for someone who barely graduated high school and never had a bank account. Tribute artists make a living from the one-time fame of artists like Elvis, Jackie Wilson and Jerry Lee Lewis. Documentary. 'Nankana' revolves around the strong bond between a father and a son. At the same time, it gives a very noteworthy message that not everyone can get everything in life; thus, one should not lose his/her calm. In an empty world, a solitary woman mechanically follows the protocols of a factory hog farm. Her labours are sporadically punctuated by musical rhapsodies as she moves toward the impending end. Is it the end of the world, a program malfunction, or the beginning of a film?  1945; as America's soldiers come home to ticker-tape parades and overjoyed families, Private First Class Donny Novitski, singer and songwriter, returns to rebuild his life with only the shirt on his back and a dream in his heart. When NBC announces a national competition to find the nation's next great musical superstars, inspiration strikes! Donny joins forces with a motley group of fellow veterans, forming a band unlike any the nation has ever seen. Along the way, they discover the power of music to face the impossible, find their voice and finally feel like they have a place to call home. Kanarie (Afrikaans for 'Canary') is a coming-of-age musical war drama, about a young boy who discovers how through hardship, camaraderie, first love, and the liberating freedom of music, the true self can be discovered. "There will be no winters" - a film consisting of 14 short novels, each with its own plot and a musical theme. In fact, this is a screen version of the same album of Russian avant-garde singer Leonid Fedorov. A father and his young son share a house, a yard and very different ideas about masculinity and appropriate uses of army toys. The father and son both assert themselves with action rather than words. Eight Person Tag Team Match  1. "Pretty" Peter Avalon, Caleb Konley, "Manscout" Jake Manning, &amp; ODB vs. Cedric Alexander, Brandon Gatson, Candice LeRae, &amp; Willie Mack  Singles Match  2. Mr. Aguila vs. Rey Bucanero  Singles Match  3. "Supernatural" Shane Helms vs. "Hollywood Submission Machine" Joey Ryan  Singles Match  4. Low Ki vs. Davey Richards  Jake "The Snake" Roberts Retirement Match  5. Sinn Bodhi vs. Jake "The Snake" Roberts  Legends Wrestleroyal Battle Royale  Singles Match  7. Chris Hero vs. "Mr. Wrestling" Kevin Steen  DDT4 Entry Four-Way Tag Team Match  8. The Cutler Brothers (Brandon &amp; Dustin Cutler) vs. Fightin' Taylor Boys (Brian Cage-Taylor &amp; Ryan Taylor) vs. RockNES Monsters (Johnny Goodtime &amp; Johnny Yuma) vs. The Young Bucks (Matt &amp; Nick Jackson)  Pro Wrestling Guerrilla World Championship Title Match  9. Claudio Castagnoli (Champion) vs. El Generico (Challenger) Emma Woodhouse is a congenial young lady who delights in meddling in other people's affairs. She is perpetually trying to unite men and women who are utterly wrong for each other. Despite her interest in romance, Emma is clueless about her own feelings, and her relationship with gentle Mr. Knightly. Four crooks rob a jewelery shop, then head for an abandoned factory where they plan to fence the goods to the Yakuza. Unfortunately, their chosen location happens to be the same place where American scientists had previously experimented on resurrecting the dead. The story of the life of comedienne Fanny Brice, from her early days in the Jewish slums of the Lower East Side, to the height of her career with the Ziegfeld Follies, including her marriage to and eventual divorce from her first husband, Nick Arnstein. Is this a film about Scrooge? About a composer's life? An opera within an opera? The Passion of Scrooge blurs these lines between performance, documentary, and fiction, into a cinematic concert experience that's seasoned with magical reality. Composer Jon Deak has adapted Charles Dickens' timeless tale into a contemporary opera that melts the heart, but doesn't avoid the darkness in Scrooge that's still resonant with the material concerns of our time. Using neither period costumes, nor set pieces to reconstruct old England, the film invites you to experience A Christmas Carol with the imaginative possibilities of a radio play. And then, to meet those visions in your head, filmmaker H. Paul Moon's floating camera intimately captures musicians performing the score as characters themselves, in this ageless haunted redemption story about "us, every one." Fifteen-year-old Charlotte Flax is tired of her wacky mom moving their family to a different town any time she feels it is necessary. When they move to a small Massachusetts town and Mrs. Flax begins dating a shopkeeper, Charlotte and her 9-year-old sister, Kate, hope that they can finally settle down. But when Charlotte's attraction to an older man gets in the way, the family must learn to accept each other for who they truly are. A number of obstacles stands in the way of a young couple as only 10 days are left for their wedding, each obstacle is in one way or another caused by the aftermath of the 2015 war in Yemen. England, 15th century. Hal, a capricious prince who lives among the populace far from court, is forced by circumstances to reluctantly accept the throne and become Henry V. Paris, Boris and Alexis are trying to give a meaning to their idleness. In the countryside, Pierre is achieving his opera, which is a new take on the myth of Orpheus, while trying to forget Adelia, who just dumped him. Two boys and close family friends, Jeremy and Alphonse, American and French, spend a few weeks together in Jeremy's house in Brooklyn. Jeremy is confused about his understanding of the friendship, while obsessed with the ducks in the Prospect Park's lake and finishing a school paper about their migration. Alphonse likes to ride bicycles and doesn't want to leave town. The ducks inevitably leave, Alphonse goes back to Paris, and Jeremy stays in his house, but all of them depart to something new. One day, Achuthan receives a letter addressed to Lord Krishna. The letter leads him into the world of beautiful Jayalakshmi and into her attic as well. Rock Musical BLEACH - Saien, centers around Ichigo Kurosaki becoming a Shinigami, Rukia Kuchiki going back to Seireitei, and the trio of friends arriving in Seireitei, ending when Renji Abarai is defeated by Ichigo. The events that take place are practically the main events that concern said characters in Bleach until about half of the Soul Society arc. Winter 2012 - Committed against her will in a psychiatric hospital in Tehran, Iranian psychoanalyst Mitra Kadivar begins a correspondence by email with Jacques-Alain Miller, founder of the World Association of Psychoanalysis. Summer 2017 - An artistic team creates an opera inspired by these exchanges while absorbing the reality of the Montperrin psychiatric hospital in Aix-en-Provence. Marisa Paredes is Leocadia ("Leo") Macias, a woman writing "pink" romance novels under the alias of Amanda Gris that are very popular all across Spain. Unlike her romantic novels, her own love life is troubled. Leo has a less than happy relationship with her husband Paco, a military officer stationed in Brussels then later in Bosnia, who is distant both physically and emotionally. When the rain ends, life sprouts from the earth. A fruit grows and becomes the apple that gives life to the cider. Then comes the time of harvest, toasting and celebrating love. A story about the cycle of life and death, of the struggle for survival. Where the passage of time is marked by the course of nature, music and dance. Every year, Isabelle (Tatyana Ali) and her high school sweetheart Mike (Cornelius Smith Jr.), rocked their small town's annual Christmas Eve Pageant with a sweet Christmas duet. But after graduation, Isabelle left to study at Juillard in New York - leaving Mike behind. Years later, when Isabelle returns to her hometown to write music for the annual Christmas Eve Pageant, she is shocked to learn that Mike is the one directing the show. Can Isabelle and Mike put the past behind them and reunite on stage for another show-stopping duet? Follow the adventures of Belle, a bright young woman who finds herself in the castle of a prince who's been turned into a mysterious beast. With the help of the castle's enchanted staff, Belle soon learns the most important lesson of all -- that true beauty comes from within.  A lazy law school grad adopts a kid to impress his girlfriend, but everything doesn't go as planned and he becomes the unlikely foster father. Miser Ebenezer Scrooge is awakened on Christmas Eve by spirits who reveal to him his own miserable existence, what opportunities he wasted in his youth, his current cruelties, and the dire fate that awaits him if he does not change his ways. Scrooge is faced with his own story of growing bitterness and meanness, and must decide what his own future will hold: death or redemption. Seven years after a series of memorable and sold-out live performances ("Michel Polnareff: Ze (re)tour 2007 (2007)") in his native country, French singer/songwriter/composer and US resident Michel Polnareff accepts for the first time to participate in a tell-all documentary about key moments in his life and career, as well as to provide some insights into what is going on with his long-awaited upcoming tenth studio album. A STORY OF DUTY, DESIRE, AND DESPAIR. Beautiful noblewoman, Anna Karenina, lives with her respected husband and loving son. She encounters the dashing Count Vronsky among Moscow's high society and their undeniable attraction for each other forever changes the landscape of Anna's seemingly perfect world - Experience Tolstoy's classic like never before with the live-performance film of Anna Karenina the Musical. Everything in Hatchetfield seemed normal until people began singing... Then, they began dancing... Andt now, a musical pandemic is sweeping the entire city. It's up to Paul (an average guy who doesn't like musicals) and his friends to stop this musical apocalypse and fight for humanity's future. Legally Blonde is a musical with music and lyrics by Laurence O'Keefe and Nell Benjamin and book by Heather Hach. The story is based on the novel Legally Blonde by Amanda Brown and the 2001 film of the same name.  It tells the story of Elle Woods, a sorority girl who enrols at Harvard Law School to win back her ex-boyfriend Warner.  She discovers how her knowledge of the law can help others, and successfully defends exercise queen Brooke Wyndham in a murder trial. Throughout the show, no one has faith in Elle Woods, but she manages to surprise them when she defies expectations while staying true to herself. Music as a Weapon II was recorded as a live album/DVD, created by Disturbed. It was recorded at The Aragon in Chicago in 2003, and released in 2004. It contains Disturbed's cover of Metallica's "Fade to Black" and the previously unreleased song "Dehumanized". The DVD also contains Disturbed's video for their single "Liberate". This was Disturbed's last release with bass guitarist Steve Kmak. It was also Unloco's final release before splitting up. Musical based on SIKSA's album is a performative dream of making a movie come true, where both the dream and the movie are like chewing gum that has been tasteless for too long. A nostalgic invitation to a dancing story about a girl returning to her childhood, when she dressed up as different women using her mother's wardrobe, and all the roles she played were to please herself. This film is a tool for reconstructing the scenes from the youth, as well as a baroque farewell to all the glitter and unicorns. Stabat Mater Dolorosa is like a bayonet slashing through modern times. She gives us micro-performances with all her body, and at her own risk. SIKSA's music is the scenario rejected, grinded, spat out, negated and intensified by the characters. Piotr Macha's camera is one of the murder weapons that SIKSA would like to use to fuck up the modern reality. It's a language of art that SIKSA has been using almost unnoticed since 2014. In this riot of frantic disguises and mistaken identities, Victor Pivert, a blustering, bigoted French factory owner, finds himself taken hostage by Slimane, an Arab rebel leader. The two dress up as rabbis as they try to elude not only assasins from Slimane's country, but also the police, who think Pivert is a murderer. Pivert ends up posing as Rabbi Jacob, a beloved figure who's returned to France for his first visit after 30 years in the United States. Adding to the confusion are Pivert's dentist-wife, who thinks her husband is leaving her for another woman, their daughter, who's about to get married, and a Parisian neighborhood filled with people eager to celebrate the return of Rabbi Jacob. 