Tells the comedic tale of Eddie Mannix, a fixer who worked for the Hollywood studios in the 1950s. The story finds him at work when a star mysteriously disappears in the middle of filming. The story of the late jazz musician and classical pianist Nina Simone including her rise to fame and relationship with her manager Clifton Henderson. An exploration of the life and music of Miles Davis. A history of Toronto punk and new wave. A history of the first wave of Toronto punk rock and new wave music, from when the Ramones played in 1976 through to when the cops gave Teenage Head the boot at "The Last Pogo" concert in 1978. A rock & roll romantic comedy centered on an eclectic group of Greenwich Village East residents, led by the intellectual slacker Dex and the passionate Bohemian rock-star-in-the-making, Max. Their grunge chic New York group's divergent backgrounds and views serve to highlight how the pursuit of love, in all its forms and manifestations remains the driving force behind our lives, regardless of age, race, culture, religion or sexual orientation. The journey is punctuated by an original, pulsating soundtrack and live band performances by the all girl group MaxiTit and its faithful lesbian following. Cal Weaver is living the American dream. He has a good job, a beautiful house, great children and a beautiful wife, named Emily. Cal's seemingly perfect life unravels, however, when he learns that Emily has been unfaithful and wants a divorce. Over 40 and suddenly single, Cal is adrift in the fickle world of dating. Enter, Jacob Palmer, a self-styled player who takes Cal under his wing and teaches him how to be a hit with the ladies. 28th century, 200 years after the Great Earth Exodus. Naia, a feisty, young singer/songwriter, falls in love with the beautiful saxophonist Parker in Ganymede, one of Jupiter's moons. The two form a band - and now they have to not only make it as musicians but also to fight for their freedom. Dramatically rendered in rich, hand drawn animation, Strange Frame brings us into a world of space pirates, indentured slaves and genetic mutations - infused with music throughout, to create a dreamlike tale unlike anything you've ever seen Scarier than Freddie! More frightful than Jason! Deadlier than a psycho! It's Mileek and Chuckie's illegitimate daughter, Shameeka!  For some, the 1st and 15th of each month means a payday, but for those living in 'Da Hood' it's a day to fear as Mileek stalks the streets looking for unsuspecting victims to murder. He then hangs the tennis shoes of his sacrificial lambs from a power line.  Enter Mike and Laura, a lost young couple who are trying to find their way back to their suburban dwelling. Mileek sees the couple as easy prey, but once they escape, Mileek decides to enlist the help of Shameeka - a killer in her own right who seeks vengeance against the men in the hood who refuse to pay child support.  As the unlikely couples battle it out, all of the villainous cliches of films past pop up in hilarious satires of the most classic horror moments of all time! Romantic Warriors II explores the origins of the Rock in Opposition movement in the late 70s, and how it continues to influence contemporary bands throughout the world. Featured bands include Henry Cow, Art Zoyd, Magma, Univers Zero, Magma, Thinking Plague, Etron Fou Leloublan and Samla Mammas Manna. Documentary about the London-based pop quintet. Featuring footage and photographs taken by their fans, as well as input from their audience the world over who offer their opinions on the band and recount their experiences, the film explores the reasons behind One Direction's huge success. The program also includes interviews with the band members themselves. The Grutarally is a field trip in Israel, but unlike jeep tours, the journey is based on old vehicles whose total cost does not exceed NIS 3,500.This is not a competitive journey, the junctions are going unevenly, breaking down and crashing on the stones and dirt. The band, "Kid's Eating Trash", broke up three years earlier and is now going to a reunion show, which has lost its way and the Grutarally caravan is helping them. The band is final. It's confronting to step into the unknown.  Reassurance or validation is sought from anywhere we can find it; at least for that bit confidence to move forward. Building on experiences, exploring new environments, adapting to the unfamiliar, all becomes part and parcel of progress.  But what if it all gets too much? Finding yourself and fitting in, compromise and keeping up?  Sometimes you just need to pull yourself out of it, appreciate the people around you, and enjoy every moment. Because life should be more uplifting. Documentary on Swedish rockabilly singer/songwriter Eva Eastwood. The Unanswered Ives is the first film about Charles Ives (1874-1954), an American modernist composer, one of the first American composers of international renown. The 60-minute documentary sheds light on Ives' life and work in all its facets and inconsistencies. American singer and composer Frank Zappa included Charles Ives in a list of influences that he presented in the liner notes of his debut album Freak Out! (1966). Ives continues to influence contemporary composers, arrangers and musicians. Planet Arts Records released Mists: Charles Ives for Jazz Orchestra. Ives befriended and encouraged a young Elliott Carter. In addition, Phil Lesh, bassist of the Grateful Dead, has described Ives as one of his two musical heroes. Mighty Mouse" cartoon. Cat and gang are ousted by Mighty Mouse. The mice in a big city are being ravaged by a vicious gang of cats led by notorious gang leader Kilkenny. The mice create assembled military units (tanks and planes and infantry... it's World War II, after all) to take on the cats... but they fail, and Mighty Mouse must rescue them! What? You were expecting they could win without him? Unfinished Song stars Ali-Reza Anoushfar as Farhad, a young musicologist who returns to his birthplace, Iran's Khorasan province, to record and preserve the region's traditional folk songs. When he gets there, he discovers that of the region's once-rich musical tradition, only a few songs are still performed, mainly because women are banned from singing. He also finds out about a woman named Heyran (Ghogha Bayat) who has been imprisoned for that very reason and he becomes determined to find her and record her voice. His meetings with her in jail open up another mystery that connects his family to hers and reveals how her steadfast love of music has doomed her to a life of persecution. "A film about transformations. It was made with students from one of my seminars. We attempt to deconstruct a poem's language by playing it backwards until some words emerge from the backward text. The students then created film images that illustrate this new text. Then they create new sounds that relate to those images. It was a way to turn language into a means to generate a film free from the restrictions of its most immediate intention." -- Larry Gottheim  Living Legend, a play on the Presley dynasty, presents the story of Eli Canfield (Earl Owensby), a country rock-legend who has fallen victim to the pitfalls of superstardom - a failed marriage addiction, living up to an image, and an unclear vision as to who are his true friends. When Eli's new love interest (Ginger Alden) meets with the disapproval of his unscrupulous and manipulative manager (William T. Hicks), tragedy results, and Eli realizes what he must do to not only save his new relationship but also his life; and he does so in a most dramatic way.  Living Legend features a dynamic original soundtrack performed by the Legendary Roy Orbison.    A hip hop tour as never seen before in the Netherlands. 11 shows throughout the entire country in the most beautiful theaters and music venues. Sold out in less then a day.  On March 18 this year, Lil 'Kleine gave his biggest show ever in AFAS Live Amsterdam.  Lil' Kleine - Alleen Tour follows the artist during the preparations for the show. In addition to a concert registration, the film also contains unique, never before seen backstage recordings. Every year, Hellfest raises its black flag on the coast of France and brings screaming hordes of music fans to experience three days of insanity. Witness the colossal effort and the army of misfits required to build Europe's go-to fest for metal. While Arjun doesn't want to get married, his parents set up a blind date for him at his place. The story revolves around Arjun, how he falls for the girl he's about to meet, why and how he changed his decision to get married. After being humiliated in the ring by a dirty kickboxer who pulled down his shorts and then hit him, a martial arts master decides to travel to China and enter a monastery where he may learn the Shaolin form of fighting. The film then veers into "Karate Kid" territory where the novice humiliates himself at every turn, is tolerated as a foreigner, and still comes out a champion. The monastery teaches non-violence, but everyone knows that sooner or later the student will catch up with the bad guy. BEAUTIFUL NOISE is an in-depth exploration of a music movement in the late twentieth century, a fascinating period when some innovative musicians mixed guitar noise into conventional pop song structures while maintaining a philosophy of letting the music speak for itself. Although many of the people interviewed are notoriously press shy they have opened up about their music and experiences from over 20 years ago, how they defied the rules and became sonic innovators that have inspired so many. Japanese music sensation Babymetal opens their 2016 world tour at the SSE Arena, Wembley, London, England. This April 2, 2016 show made Babymetal the first Japanese band to headline at the Wembley Arena. In addition to their regular set, this concert included the live debut of their new songs GJ! and Amore. In a meticulous reconstruction of a famous New York studio session, musicians jam for hours non-stop. Inspired by Godard's film portrait of The Rolling Stones recording their hit single Sympathy for the Devil, Stan Douglas evokes a 1973 Miles Davis recording session. A second generation cameraman in Australia finds evidence that his father had filmed a nuclear test that allowed aboriginies to be exposed to and killed by radiation. He begins a search for a secret that if true, his government has already killed people to keep quiet. On December 2 and 3 2017, BABYMETAL descended on Hiroshima Green Arena with their concert, Legend -S- Baptism XX. It was the first homecoming live for SU-METAL, who made a triumphant return to her hometown Hiroshima.  While the day fades and the light suffocates its last breaths: the birds celebrate their first twitters. It seems like the sea is the only place that could retain a desperate sob. Rush recorded and filmed R40 Live over two sold-out shows in the band's hometown of Toronto at the Air Canada Centre on June 17 &amp; 19, 2015 in the middle of their R40 Live 35-date North American tour.  R40 Live had the trio of Geddy Lee, Alex Lifeson and Neil Peart, performing a career-spanning live retrospective, celebrating their 40+ years together. The epic live shows by the Rock Hall of Famers were captured with 14 cameras to present the band feature-film style. "LIVE AT TOKYO DOME" features the incredible tour finale on September 19th and 20th in 2016 at Tokyo Dome, one of the biggest venues in all of Japan. Capture the extravagant performance by BABYMETAL and the extraordinary production that impressed a total of 110,000 devoted fans over a 2-night tour finale. The closing of Metal Resistance Chapter 4 features completely different setlists with no overlapping songs between RED NIGHT and BLACK NIGHT. RED NIGHT (Sep 19) comprises of songs mainly off of BABYMETAL's second album METAL RESISTANCE, while BLACK NIGHT (Sep 20) mainly focuses on the first album with an even more powerful performance than ever before. Experience the phenomenal performance from this undeniably irresistible metal dance unit and follow them take over the world one country at a time. "LIVE AT TOKYO DOME" features the incredible tour finale on September 19th and 20th in 2016 at Tokyo Dome, one of the biggest venues in all of Japan. Capture the extravagant performance by BABYMETAL and the extraordinary production that impressed a total of 110,000 devoted fans over a 2-night tour finale. The closing of Metal Resistance Chapter 4 features completely different setlists with no overlapping songs between RED NIGHT and BLACK NIGHT. RED NIGHT (Sep 19) comprises of songs mainly off of BABYMETAL's second album METAL RESISTANCE, while BLACK NIGHT (Sep 20) mainly focuses on the first album with an even more powerful performance than ever before. Experience the phenomenal performance from this undeniably irresistible metal dance unit and follow them take over the world one country at a time. "LIVE AT TOKYO DOME" features the incredible tour finale on September 19th and 20th in 2016 at Tokyo Dome, one of the biggest venues in all of Japan. Capture the extravagant performance by BABYMETAL and the extraordinary production that impressed a total of 110,000 devoted fans over a 2-night tour finale. The closing of Metal Resistance Chapter 4 features completely different setlists with no overlapping songs between RED NIGHT and BLACK NIGHT. RED NIGHT (Sep 19) comprises of songs mainly off of BABYMETAL's second album METAL RESISTANCE, while BLACK NIGHT (Sep 20) mainly focuses on the first album with an even more powerful performance than ever before. Experience the phenomenal performance from this undeniably irresistible metal dance unit and follow them take over the world one country at a time. "LIVE AT TOKYO DOME" features the incredible tour finale on September 19th and 20th in 2016 at Tokyo Dome, one of the biggest venues in all of Japan. Capture the extravagant performance by BABYMETAL and the extraordinary production that impressed a total of 110,000 devoted fans over a 2-night tour finale. The closing of Metal Resistance Chapter 4 features completely different setlists with no overlapping songs between RED NIGHT and BLACK NIGHT. RED NIGHT (Sep 19) comprises of songs mainly off of BABYMETAL's second album METAL RESISTANCE, while BLACK NIGHT (Sep 20) mainly focuses on the first album with an even more powerful performance than ever before. Experience the phenomenal performance from this undeniably irresistible metal dance unit and follow them take over the world one country at a time. Voodoo Lounge Uncut presents for the first time the full, unedited show filmed on November 25th 1994 at Miami's Joe Robbie Stadium. Originally directed by the legendary David Mallet, this new version features 10 performances omitted from it's previous release in the 90s, and the full show is now presented in it's original running order.  With its ahead-of-its-time cyberworld staging, guest appearances from Sheryl Crow, Robert Cray and Bo Diddley, and a setlist combining classic tracks with material from the Voodoo Lounge album, this phenomenal show can now be enjoyed as originally intended. As an added bonus, all visual formats feature five tracks from an earlier date on the Voodoo Lounge Tour that weren't performed in Miami - making this the definitive record of The Rolling Stones' Voodoo Lounge Tour. Folk-jazz composer/arranger Arthur Verocai was born in Rio de Janeiro. He has created challenging arragements and compositions for Brazilian artists Jorge Ben, Ivan Lins, Leny Andrade and Gal Costa. In 1972 Verocai recorded a self-titled solo LP. It is a stunningly innovative effort. It puts Verocai into a rarified field with the heavy string oriented music of Charles Stepney, David Axelrod and Frank Zappa. Released in a period marked by the Brazilian military government, the album fared poorly. Following its re-issue in 2003, the album has become a highly influential oft sampled classic (see Ludacris, MF Doom and Little Brother). The performance of this seminal 1972 record in its entirety brought the capacity Luckmann crowd to a stand still. According to Verocai, 'he had never played the record, alive or dead!' His delight can be seen on the DVD. The music has been mixed by Verocai himself in Rio. History turned on its head and musical justice served. On 21.12.2012 in the Fox Theater in Pomona, California, a Suicide Silence Memorial-concert for Mitch Lucker took place. The motto of the concert was "Ending is the beginning". A range of guest-musicians, friends and fans of the Deathcore-legend Suicide Silence concelebrated with the band in loving memory of the late singer. Mitch Lucker died on 01.11.2012 after a tragic motorbike crash. He left his wife and their daughter Kenadee behind. A newly married couple who, in the process of starting a family, learn many of life's important lessons from their trouble-loving retriever, Marley. Packed with plenty of laughs to lighten the load, the film explores the highs and lows of marriage, maturity and confronting one's own mortality, as seen through the lens of family life with a dog. Ryan and Kevin and their crew from Los Angeles are hired by U.S. Interpol to be matched up against the notorious Gambler Crew from South Korea, known to the b-boy world as the best of the best. Their mission is to gather information about Tony Kai, an "ex yakuza" member who controls the Asian underworld in the United States. Tony Kai is in South Korea planning a worldwide monopoly on drugs, sex, and gambling. Ryan and Kevin struggle as they go deeper into the Asian underworld. Ryan falls for a beautiful Korean girl named Esther who happens to be the sister of "Kicker", the leader of the mafia-run Gamblers crew. Their love is put to the test as the rivalry between the two crews escalate. As reality sets in, the crew from LA is no match against the world champion Gamblers crew in the Mach 1 competition. Ryan, Kevin and the crew go into hiding where they meet an underground b-boy legend... When the beloved cellist of a world-renowned string quartet is diagnosed with a life threatening illness, the group's future suddenly hangs in the balance as suppressed emotions, competing egos and uncontrollable passions threaten to derail years of friendship and collaboration. As they are about to play their 25th anniversary concert -- quite possibly their last -- only their intimate bond and the power of music can preserve their legacy. Based on the autobiographical novel, the tempestuous 6-year relationship between Liberace and his (much younger) lover, Scott Thorson, is recounted. Follows the real life rock-n-roll fairy tale story of Filipino Arnel Pineda, who was plucked from You Tube to become the front man for iconic American rock band, Journey, thereby becoming the latest performer to go from the Internet to real life celebrity. Having already overcome a life full of painful obstacles and now saddled with the immense pressures of leading a world renowned band and replacing a legendary singer, the film follows Arnel on this personal journey. A vicious serial sex killer is on the loose, and landscape gardener and shop-window outfitter Loris is the prime suspect, thanks to his unfortunate habit of getting caught in compromising situations (for which there is always a totally innocent explanation that the police fail to spot). Undercover policewoman Jessica is assigned by eccentric police psychologist Taccone to follow Loris and ... When a globe-trotting, workaholic father trying to visit his daughter on a last minute layover in Los Angeles discovers that she's disappeared, he forces her awkward, nervous ex-boyfriend, still nursing a broken heart, to help him find her over the course of one increasingly crazy night. The prize of Sunset Valley's annual olive oil contest is a land parcel with disputed ownership. When feisty Nicole and competitive Jake face-off, they never expect sparks to fly. Starring Tori Anderson and Benjamin Hollingsworth. Mia Hall, a talented young cellist, thought the most difficult decision she would ever have to make would be whether to pursue her musical dreams at prestigious Juilliard or follow her heart to be with the love of her life, Adam, a rock singer/guitarist. However, a car wreck changes everything in an instant, and now Mia's life hangs in the balance. Suspended between life and death, Mia faces a choice that will decide her future. Rocker Kai Latvalehto has a wife and a son, almost everything a man could wish for. Still, he feels that something is missing. Accompanied by his father, he drives across Sweden to refresh his childhood memories of life in Gothenburg in the 1970's. This journey of identities brings the two men closer. A street-wise teen from Baltimore who has been raised by a single mother travels to New York City to spend the Christmas holiday with his estranged relatives, where he embarks on a surprising and inspirational journey. Scottish rappers Billy Boyd and Gavin Bain reinvent themselves as West Coast Homeboys after they were signed by Sony. Singer and songwriter Hank Williams rises to fame in the 1940s, but alcohol abuse and infidelity take a toll on his career and marriage to fellow musician Audrey Mae Williams. Amanda, a misfired pistol, has no idea what to make of her life and is determined to avoid finding out. At her cousin Cristina's renegade wedding to her longtime girlfriend at a West Tennessee farmhouse, she finds out she has nowhere left to hide.  --Sarah Ledbetter Set against the turbulent atmosphere of the 1960s, Tropicalia is a feature length documentary exploring the Brazilian artistic movement known as tropicalia, and the struggle its artists endured to protect their right to freely express revolutionary thought against the traditional brazilian music of that time. Seasoned musician Jackson Maine discovers -- and falls in love with -- struggling artist Ally. She has just about given up on her dream to make it big as a singer -- until Jack coaxes her into the spotlight. But even as Ally's career takes off, the personal side of their relationship is breaking down, as Jack fights an ongoing battle with his own internal demons. Somewhere in the world right now, two people are using every ounce of their strength, passion and creativity to destroy each other in combat. This ritual can be witnessed in any city from N.Y. to Shanghai. It's called battling, and it's the main pillar of one of modern history's most explosive subcultures: b-boying. Filmed in a fresh unique style, All Out War is a feature length documentary that follows four b-boys from different positions on the breaking spectrum. The stories of Machine, Alien Ness, Dyzee and Casper intersect at one of b-boying's most prestigious competitions: The King of the Ring. Lucas joins a break dancing troupe and, traveling the world, finds himself torn between the life he knows and the chance to do something more. Inspired by true events. A down-on-his-luck coach is hired to prepare a team of the best American dancers for an international tournament that attracts all the best crews from around the world, but the Americans haven't won in fifteen years. Set in 1965, a true story of one man's struggle to bring rock music to a nation, an iconic New Zealand story with a universal 'David and Goliath' theme. The youth will find it incredible this actually happened and existed as part of New Zealand society in the 1960's. It's a titanic struggle for freedom and 'the choice to choose'. A documentary following a year in the life of Little Mix. Shows the positives and negatives of being the worlds biggest Girlband! Timeworn Joe Collins and his fellow inmates live under the heavy thumb of the sadistic, power-tripping guard Captain Munsey. Only Collins' dreams of escape keep him going, but how can he possibly bust out of Munsey's chains? Londoners prepare for war. The astonishing life of Wachtang Botso Korisheli - Georgian musician, sculptor, and beloved teacher to generations. A young wannabe musician  who discovers he has bitten off more than he can chew when he joins an eccentric pop band led by the mysterious and enigmatic Frank. 'All's Well and Fair' juxtaposes the lives and ideals of three single punk rock mothers on welfare during the 1990s with their realities and opinions ten years later - giving a unique perspective on alternative culture, growth and identity. Long-haired, loud, and a real long way from home. The hip thrusting glam metal band with an image problem has come to a part of the world that suffers the same. The Middle East. Their mission: make music videos, and get out alive. The band are furious though when they learn that management has given the job of directing their videos to a relatively inexperienced Jordanian film maker by the name of Anas. Dealing with the band's egos, tantrums and paranoia, Anas struggles to help the band create the right image for their new songs. It all makes for a volatile but hilarious mix. The band soon falls apart though and Anas faces even greater pressure to pull the video clips off. For as he knows too well; in a world that rocks, image makes the difference.  Forget about nomads and monks, it's hip hop that's making Mongolia move in the 21st century. Mongolian Bling jumps into the thriving music scene in the capital; Ulaanbaatar, and follows stars as they rap nationwide. Rock star Jarvis Marshall returns to the village where he grew up when his estranged mother dies. He finds many of his childhood friends, including local Sweet Shop owner Katie Powell have never left. All Eyez on Me chronicles the life and legacy of Tupac Shakur, including his rise to superstardom as a hip-hop artist, actor, poet and activist, as well as his imprisonment and prolific, controversial time at Death Row Records. Against insurmountable odds, Tupac rose to become a cultural icon whose career and persona both continue to grow long after his passing. A small country on the verge of bankruptcy is persuaded to enter the 1932 Los Angeles Olympics as a means of raising money. Either a masterpiece of absurdity or a triumph of satire, depending on your mood, but it's quite possibly the funniest movie ever made, and becomes even funnier with subsequent viewings. In 1962 England, a young couple finds their idyllic romance colliding with issues of sexual freedom and societal pressure, leading to an awkward and fateful wedding night. A young girl relates what happened during her first LSD trip, when - among other things - her food began talking to her. Based on a true story, and set in late 1990 against the backdrop of the first gulf war, An American in Texas is the story of lifelong friends as they reach the cusp of adulthood and must decide between the hollow values of corporate careerism; or the narrow way of individualism and freedom. Low Movie (How To Quit Smoking) follows the entire career of the iconic band Low and their relationship with director Philip Harder. For twenty years they made music videos and short films together, filming on ice, in railroad yards, and in rapidly disintegrating rooms. Low formed in 1993. An intimate 'fly on the wall'documentary about iconoclastic rocker Bobby Bare Jr., son of country music legend Bobby Bare, and his struggles dealing with the repercussions of a perpetual life on the road - the constant separation and the disconnect from loved ones back home. Musicians including My Morning Jacket, Justin Townes Earle, Hayes Carll, David Vandervelde, Blue Giant, Duane Denison, Carey Kotsionis, and Bobby Bare Sr. make appearances in the film. The United States. Today. A freight train crosses the landscape like a giant steel snake. To catch this train, you have to wait for nightfall so you're not seen. Because it's illegal. I'm doing it to follow some hobos* (*vagabonds). They're women, on their own, and they've chosen a life of travel, with no particular destination in mind.  Amid the noise of the iron horse, they adopt me as a traveling companion and tell their stories to my camera. I try to grasp what their ultimate quest is. They're stronger than men, stronger than society. They are free. G.G. Sparrow faces off with her choir's newly appointed director, Vi Rose Hill, over the group's direction as they head into a national competition. Everyone knows his name but what is the true story behind the man? Inventor, innovator, iconoclast; Steve Jobs was all of these and more. Now find out the gripping truth behind this 21st Century icon as celebrities and leaders in the world of business talk candidly about the seismic impact that he has had on our entire way of life. Discover what drove the man both personally and professionally, the obstacles he had to overcome and the story behind his final battle that would leave the world bereft of a very modern genius. His vision was singular, his focus unshakeable, and in this unmissable film we see how one man would change the way we all communicate... forever. This is Steve Jobs, a visionary genius. No other band in rock'n'roll history has rivaled The Stooges' combination of heavy primal throb, spiked psychedelia, blues-a-billy grind, complete with succinct angst-ridden lyrics, and a snarling, preening leopard of a frontman who somehow embodies Nijinsky, Bruce Lee, Harpo Marx, and Arthur Rimbaud all rolled into one. There is no precedent for The Stooges, while those inspired by them are now legion.  The film will present the context of their emergence musically, culturally, politically, historically, and relate their adventures and misadventures while charting their inspirations and the reasons behind their initial commercial challenges, as well as their long-lasting legacy. After suffering humiliation by the crew Invincible, street dancer Ash looks to gather the best dancers from around the world for a rematch. A 14-year old boy's life changes forever when his estranged mother introduces him to the music of The Clash in 1979 London. Oscar nominee director Nanette Burstein is behind The Creators, a documentary film that charts the rise of a new kind of celebrity, YouTube creators. Starring Zoella amongst others, the film explores the lives of several YouTube vloggers, seen from a different angle by going behind the video camera to see what it takes to succeed on YouTube. Singer Freddie Mercury, guitarist Brian May, drummer Roger Taylor and bass guitarist John Deacon take the music world by storm when they form the rock 'n' roll band Queen in 1970. Hit songs become instant classics. When Mercury's increasingly wild lifestyle starts to spiral out of control, Queen soon faces its greatest challenge yet - finding a way to keep the band together amid the success and excess. Boston's V66 music video station came and went in the mid-1980s but in the 18 months on the air, it was one of the only over-the-air music video channels  ever created. But even popular success didn't mean it was going to last... The tragedy of battle in the West Bank and the lasting effects of war play out in the lives of two men struggling after their encounters in combat. Their difficult return to everyday life after battle is captured over a span of more than two years. A musical biopic of the Four Seasons--the rise, the tough times and personal clashes, and the ultimate triumph of a group of friends whose music became symbolic of a generation. Far from a mere tribute concert, it gets to the heart of the relationships at the centre of the group, with a special focus on frontman Frankie Valli, the small kid with the big falsetto. For centuries followers of the Bible have wondered where Jesus was and what he did during the so-called "silent years." Biblical writings leave gaps in the life of Jesus. Evidence points to a long pilgrimage made by Jesus between the ages of 13 and 30. This film contains controversial subject matter that is disputed by some, but nevertheless, is still fascinating. A group of noise musicians debate whether or not to release an album. Heart broken British Techno Pop Diva and Academy nominated actress, Syriana Tate, is taken for the interview of her life. As the world boiled in the rush of Easy Rider bikes, in the frenetic pace of Elvis Presley, in Beatniks poets, in the explosion of counterculture, a boy from Bahia gave birth to Rock in Brazil. A runaway flying saucer that abducted the hearts and minds of thousands of fans, Raul Seixas, a man who became a myth. Raul died young because he lived intensely. Rock n 'roll, free love, alternative society, drugs, black magic, military dictatorship, women and daughters. A man who wanted to live from his work and died for it. The beginning, the end and the middle are confused, because the story is not over. The film reveals through rare images of archive, meeting with relatives, conversations with artists, producers and friends, the trajectory of the legend of Rock. A look at the life of activist, musician, and cultural icon Kathleen Hanna, who formed the punk band Bikini Kill and pioneered the "riot grrrl" movement of the 1990s. CBGB looks at New York's dynamic punk rock scene through the lens of the ground-breaking Lower East Side club started by eccentric Hilly Kristal (Alan Rickman) in 1973 which launched thousands of bands. A grieving father in a downward spiral stumbles across a box of his recently deceased son's demo tapes and lyrics. Shocked by the discovery of this unknown talent, he forms a band in the hope of finding some catharsis. Emily arrives in Miami with aspirations to become a professional dancer. She sparks with Sean, the leader of a dance crew whose neighborhood is threatened by Emily's father's development plans. Year 1977. Punk and new wave rock'n roll has arrived to remote Finland and a bleak small town Oulu where increasingly odd-looking youths began to appear in the street with a message. Their rebellion speaks to Valde (17). Valde dreams of joining a rock band and becoming famous. He wants to get drunk for the first time, and to win the love of Pike, the most beautiful girl in the class.  When Pike wins the Miss Blue Jeans contest organised by the country's leading (and only) pop music magazine Suosikki and takes as her boyfriend the bourgeois Henri Hakala, Valde puts all his eggs in one basket. He abandons his former self and begins purposefully constructing a new persona for himself. But everything doesn't go as Valde wanted ...  The film is based on a novel by Kauko Royhka, an author and indie rock musician. A young girl that regularly dresses as a boy falls in love and seduces a young girl that has no clue that her lover has the same sex. When the girl introduces 'her boyfriend' to her father he becomes skeptical and unmasks the fraud. Even though, strangely, the feelings of the girl persist without shifting, the father does not allow them to ever see the other again. Furious and delusional the 'boy' develops an adventurous plan to prove his true 'masculinity' to the father of his lover. Teenage musicians travel to England's Spike Island in the hope of attending an outdoor performance by their favorite band, the Stone Roses. A man at three disparate moments in his life: as a member of a fifteen-person collective on a small Estonian island, alone in the wilderness of Northern Finland and as the singer of a neo-pagan black metal band in Norway. Three moments for a radical proposition for the creation of utopia in the present. A doctor hires an escort to seduce her husband, whom she suspects of cheating, though unforeseen events put the family in danger. Set in 1974, an authentic and uplifting tale of two friends whose horizons are opened up by the discovery of black American soul music. It's a great pop music myth that in Liverpool everything began and ended with the Beatles. It didn't. Get Back documents the real story of the city's music outpourings, from post war years to present day. It's a story of a city where literally thousands of bands and artists, hundreds of clubs, promoters and managers put on the biggest, loudest and longest party in history. The golden era of The Cavern and Merseybeat generated a massive tectonic shift in popular culture and in the 1970s it started again with a new scene and yet another cellar club at its heart - Eric's. Bands such as Deaf School, Echo and the Bunnymen and OMD led the way. Then Frankie Goes to Hollywood, the Farm, the La's, the Christians. And more recently it continued, the city's bands always inventive and always re-inventing, with the Zutons, Coral, Wombats and more. The story is unending but Get Back offers music fans a chance to enjoy the narrative and the sounds created so far in the city that rocked the world... The story of promoter Saul Holiff's turbulent life and his success making Johnny Cash a superstar. Live East Die Young is a meditation on the lifestyle of the Generation Naughties. Set in the East End's party scene featuring a cast of real-life East London hipsters, the film features a unique soundtrack from underground artists such Bo Ningen and Feral AKA MC Kinky. Four tales unfold in the Eternal City: While vacationing in Rome, architect John encounters a young man whose romantic woes remind him of a painful incident from his own youth; retired opera director Jerry discovers a mortician with an amazing voice, and he seizes the opportunity to rejuvenate his own flagging career; a young couple have separate romantic interludes; a spotlight shines on an ordinary man. The daughter of jazz pianist Joe Albany witnesses her beloved father's struggle -- and failure -- to kick his heroin habit. Seul-Gi and Ah-Reum are 3rd year students at the National High School of the Traditional Arts. They are also best friends. Seul-Gi majors in pansori (Korean traditional music) and Ah-Reum majors in Gyeonggi Folk Music. During their summer break, the girls struggle with pressures and anxiety. They then take a special summer school class due to a lack of attendance. Meanwhile, the Education Burea informs their school that they will take part in a chorus contest. The school selects Teacher Ham, a composer, to make up the school's chorus team. The pool consists of students from the special summer school class. A conflict also ensues between Ms. Ham, who majored in western music, and the students, who are majors in traditional Korean music. Can the students compete in the chorus performance? "Majo" Tonorio, a.k.a. Filly Brown, is a raw, young Los Angeles hip-hop artist who spits from the heart. When a sleazy record producer offers her a crack at rap stardom, Majo faces some daunting choices. With an incarcerated mother, a record contract could be the ticket out for her struggling family. But taking the deal means selling out her talent and the true friends who helped her to the cusp of success. The dream life of a poet Musical prodigy, Sparkle struggles to become a star while overcoming issues that are tearing her family apart. From an affluent Detroit area and daughter to a single mother, she tries to balance a new romance with music manager Stix while dealing with the unexpected challenges her new life will bring as she and her two sisters strive to become a dynamic singing group during the Motown-era. When the rock'n'roll dream ends, the hard part is waking up.  Riff was the legendary guitarist in one of the biggest rock bands in Australian history. But the 80s are gone and without music, Riff's life has spiralled out of control.  With his new band The Sunset Six, he's got one last chance at making it; one last chance of landing the record deal that will get him back in the game.  One problem... the band is falling apart. And it's all his fault. As time ticks down to their imminent gig, can Riff get the band back on the rails in time?  The Sunset Six is a feel-good comedy about a band's rocky road to musical heaven. Three young people from three different countries share not only an extraordinary talent, hard discipline and a strong drive for success but first and foremost a deep love for music. All their life experiences culminate in the moment they get up on stage to share their gift with the world. In a deep forest, the statue of Venus stands alone. The winter snows end and the ice melts into the river. As the spring arrives, David and Eros, are installed besides her. Venus instantly falls in love with David. While dreaming Venus becomes human and realizes David also loves her. Eros' jealousy alters the love triangle dramatically into a tragedy. The story of music legend Terri Hooley, a key figure in Belfast's punk rock scene. Hooley founded the Good Vibrations store from which a record label sprung, representing bands such as The Undertones, Rudi and The Outcasts. An out-of-work New York City actress returns home to the quaint small town she escaped 10 years before and finds a place far different than the hamlet she left. She suddenly finds performing possibilities and even romance that kind of blow her away. Prague, 1983. The communist regime, in a suffocating atmosphere ruled over by the secret police, imposes "normalization". Miki and David need some kind of motivation to carry on in the communist wasteland. They discover The Clash's album 'London Calling' and, of course, decide to set up a punk band. But playing punk during normalization in Czechoslovakia isn't the best idea, an opinion shared not only by their horrified parents. Many decisions made under the influence of cheap alcohol and compulsive music could be more fatal than they initially seemed. A story about the revolt of some 18-year-olds against authority, against social norms, against adult duties and responsibility. It is about the search for one's own models and values. Although based on personal experiences from the early 1980s, it could have taken place at any time and anywhere, and is more than likely taking place somewhere right now. When their family bakery may have to close its doors right before Christmas, rival sisters Kim and Gina must team up in a national baking competition to win the grand prize. Thrown into a world of fierce competitors and a ticking clock, it will take a Christmas miracle to save the bakery, though they may discover a prize much larger than they had hoped for. Director Julien Temple (The Great Rock 'n' Roll Swindle, The Filth and the Fury) surveys the past century of London's tumultuous history in this vibrant documentary. (TIFF) Kate is secretly betrothed to a struggling journalist, Merton Densher. But she knows her Aunt Maude will never approve of the match, since Kate's deceased mother has lost all her money in a marriage to a degenerate opium addict. When Kate meets a terminally ill American heiress named Millie traveling through Europe, she comes up with a conniving plan to have both love and wealth. Explores the music scene in Greenwich Village, New York in the 60's and early 70's. The film highlights some of the finest singer/songwriters of the day. "After being discovered at a music competition, two young famers find themselves living the rock star life. As their national tour becomes a massive success, they begin to lose track of their true selves until a tragic accident brings everything back into focus." "Hit A Lick," tells the tragic story of Falicia Blakely, a teen mom who grows up in the fast-lane. When she becomes an exotic dancer, she attracts the attention of local pimp and predator, Dino. His empty promises of a life together turns Falicia into a pawn in his dangerous games; and she's forced to prove her love for him at the expense of innocent lives.  After committing a hit and run, a beautiful career woman attempts to clear her conscience by befriending her victim, a homeless but talented street musician. A long-lost music producer finds a singer-songwriter right about the moment he has given up all hope on life. College student Beca knows she does not want to be part of a clique, but that's exactly where she finds herself after arriving at her new school. Thrust in among mean gals, nice gals and just plain weird gals, Beca finds that the only thing they have in common is how well they sing together. She takes the women of the group out of their comfort zone of traditional arrangements and into a world of amazing harmonic combinations in a fight to the top of college music competitions. Sean O'Malley, a struggling Irish musician, writes an album for the love of his life in an attempt to redeem himself, with the help and hindrance of his misfit band mates. Singer/songwriter and single mother Theresa McDermott has finally hit the end of the line in NYC. Unable to make ends meet, she is forced to pack up her life and her 3 girls and move back to the small town and parents she ran from a decade ago. Teresa needs a job, her parents need their space and a family tragedy that was never dealt with from years past needs closure. Old wounds, unattainable dreams and a few other things expose themselves as a fractured family works to become whole and a single mom, a responsible mother. When Neurotic, struggling songwriter, Catherine Brown's life in New York City falls apart, she is forced to confront her past when she spends the summer at her childhood home in Woodstock. With more than 300 hours of film shot during the 2010 Tour, 'No Room for Rockstars' documents the true stories of modern era rock and roll . From the kids traveling cross country in a van playing parking lots to gain notice, to the veteran stage manager whose life was saved by the Tour, to the musician who crosses over to mainstream success while on the road. Sonni Griffith, a top US Secret Agent must protect a witness as he crosses Europe. BearCity is a hirsute "Sex and the City," following the funny, romantic, and occasionally dramatic adventures of a group of bears and cubs in New York City. The sequel, BearCity 2 follows our familiar characters and a few new ones as they head to Provincetown, MA for Bear Week!  Krishna Das is on a journey to India to discover legendary spiritual teacher Neem Karoli Baba, through drug addiction and depression, to his eventual emergence as a world-famous Kirtan singer. The story takes place in a world without order, without structure, and without morality. A young girl, Alice, makes her way to a rural home run by a gang of vicious boys in their early twenties. By striking up a friendship with the gang's leader she hopes to survive the dark world surrounding her. A power struggle between the gang's leader and the boys who reside on his property threatens the lives of all they encounter. A joyous romp through the dance, food, music, friendship, and even religion of the Polka. The explosive energy and high spirits of the polka subculture are rendered with warmth and dedication to scholarship in this journey through Polish-American celebrations. Polka stars like Jimmy Sturr, Eddie Blazonzyck and Walt Solek are featured. A rock and roll love triangle that ignites Anglo-Muslim racial tension in East London. Now there's a riot on Redchurch Street that can only end in blood-fire and redemption. The loss of their young daughter threatens to destroy the love and faith of two married musicians. Three chords, three countries, one revolution...PUNK IN AFRICA is the story of the multiracial punk movement within the recent political and social upheavals experienced in three Southern African countries: South Africa, Mozambique and Zimbabwe. Moments before his comeback performance, a concert pianist who suffers from stage fright discovers a note written on his music sheet. Ethan Bortnick plays the leading role as Nathan,a young boy who's separated from his mother when she goes missing during a trip to Japan to help after the tsunami. The movie explores issues like homelessness, military family life and adoption. Ethan co-wrote the music with Grammy award winning songwriter and producer, Gary Baker and will also score the entire film. Ethan will become the youngest actor to co-write the soundtrack and play the leading role in a feature film. When Army lieutenant, MARGARET PETERS (Lacy Chabert) goes missing during a tsunami rescue mission in Japan, back in Detroit, her son, NATHAN (Ethan Bortnick), discovers that his father GEORGE (Jonathan Bennett) isn't his biological father. Learning that Child Care Services could take him away, Nathan runs away before his father can explain. While George goes on a frantic search, Nathan takes to the streets of Detroit where he meets CAPTAIN MILES, a homeless Iraqi war veteran. Captain Miles takes the boy under his ... In Greenwich Village in the early 1960s, gifted but volatile folk musician Llewyn Davis struggles with money, relationships, and his uncertain future following the suicide of his singing partner. Gerardo lets the days go by while rehearsing with his rock band. He wanders the streets looking for someone to get lost with, and avoids confessing his love for Andrea. He refuses to stay in his house, a place that is no longer a home, because, as everywhere, there is no one outside and nothing is happening. The story of the most remote music festival in the world, Festival Au Desert, and the battle to make it happen. From Diego Luna and Alejandro Fernandez, to Carla Morrison and Chavela Vargas, Duncan Bridgeman weaves a cinematic tapestry composed of original songs and insights from the most iconic artists and performers of contemporary Mexico. With striking visuals, the movie captures the rich diversity of Mexican geography, art, music, and culture. It is a rare look at the country's real identity, and an unparalleled celebration of what it truly means to be "Hecho en Mexico." In this modern love story set against the Austin, Texas music scene, two entangled couples -- struggling songwriters Faye and BV, and music mogul Cook and the waitress whom he ensnares -- chase success through a rock 'n' roll landscape of seduction and betrayal. SOMETHING FROM NOTHING: THE ART OF RAP is a feature length performance documentary about the runaway juggernaut that is Rap music. At the wheel of this unstoppable beast is the film's director and interviewer Ice-T. Taking us on a deeply personal journey Ice-T uncovers how this music of the street has grown to dominate the world. Along the way Ice-T meets a whole spectrum of Hip-Hop talent, from founders, to new faces, to the global superstars like Eminem, Dr Dre, Snoop Dogg and Kanye West. He exposes the roots and history of Rap and then, through meeting many of its most famous protagonists, studies the living mechanism of the music to reveal 'The Art Of Rap'. This extraordinary film features unique performances from the entire cast, without resorting to archive material, to build a fresh and surprising take on the phenomenon that is Rap. Before Bad Brains, the Sex Pistols or even the Ramones, there was Death. Formed in the early '70s by three teenage brothers from Detroit, Death is credited as being the first black punk band, and the Hackney brothers, David, Bobby, and Dannis, are now considered pioneers in their field. But it wasn't until recently -- when a dusty 1974 demo tape made its way out of Bobby's attic nearly 30 years after Death's heyday -- that anyone outside a small group of punk enthusiasts had even heard of them. The Mississippi River Flood of 1927 was the most destructive river flood in American history. In the spring of 1927, the river broke out of its banks in 145 places and inundated 27,000 square miles to a depth of up to 30 feet. Part of it enduring legacy was the mass exodus of displaced sharecroppers. Musically, the Great Migration of rural southern blacks to Northern cities saw the Delta Blues electrified and reinterpreted as the Chicago Blues, Rhythm and Blues, and Rock and Roll. Using minimal text and no spoken dialog, filmmaker Bill Morrison and composer - guitarist Bill Frisell have created a powerful portrait of a seminal moment in American history through a collection of silent images matched to a searing original soundtrack. Tren (20), his girlfriend Drama (18) and their friends Trucas (19), Mico (16) and Weed (17), are youths who live on the outskirts of Mexico City. Through graffiti art, dancing, music and song, they have a good time imitating their idols in music, dance and television, dreaming of someday being great figures in show business. They gather at the F.B.I., which holds dance and graffiti contests, and which is also frequented by el Loco (28) and his gang of small time drug dealers in the barrio. At the same time, Tren's brother Nuk (43) returns home after 23 years. Nuk finds the environment changed, with all the evils of society, only now they are stronger than when he left. Watch Jennifer Leitham perform and it's obvious the striking redhead is an original. When this world-famous jazz bassist takes center-stage, her entire body dances with the bass as her long, fiery hair whips and bobs to the blistering pace set by her fingers. She's a special talent made all the more unique because Jennifer Leitham began her life and career as John Leitham. I STAND CORRECTED charts Leitham's rise as a virtuoso of the upright bass and reveals how she risked everything with her decision to undergo sexual reassignment surgery. An intimate study of Leitham's life, the film explores the fears she wrestled with as she rose through the ranks of the jazz world, and celebrates the joy she discovered after embracing her female identity. An intimate portrait of Paul Kelly, Australia's foremost singer-songwriter. In a career spanning more than thirty years he has documented the history of our country, described its landscapes and cities, and captured the lives and loves of its citizens. Kelly has written over 350 songs, penned lyrics for many other singers, co-authored songs and written for film. But like all great artists Paul Kelly is both candid and reserved. He has lived in the public eye but has remained an enigma. It was the year 1984 when a group of architects decided to organize a one night music band as a New Year's party joke in Kaunas, Lithuania. The joke proved to be so good that rumors about the new exciting rock band spread from lips to lips and soon their intellectual circus grew into the Rock Marches - massive events involving thousands of people - that transformed into the big meetings for Lithuanian Independence later named the Singing Revolution. This is the story about the people who raised their independence with the smiles and songs regardless of the danger of the situation. Finland's most daring musician, the accordionist, composer, performer Kimmo Pohjonen, revolutionizes the accordion and shatters traditional musical standards. Extraordinary sounds explode from his custom built accordion and its bellows including electronic effects, accordion samples, voice, farm machines, animals and string quartet. Pohjonen bridges the gap between experimental, rock, folk and classic genres in fact creating an entirely new accordion music world. His performances are reminiscent of the violence of Roman gladiators and the castigation of medieval monks. The film is a journey of an exceptional artist grounded in basic human truths. The Cinematography and drama reveal a distinctive Scandinavian viewpoint. From the startling opening - the hero walks across an expanse of ice and drops through a hole into frigid water - right to the very end; a dramatic pace draws the viewer in, revealing the inner struggle of this iconoclast. A tribute to a living legend, celebrating the life and music of the artist Morten Lauridsen he Crumbles is an indie rock slice-of-life tragicomedy about Darla and Elisa, two best friends struggling to catapult their talented but directionless garage band to stardom. Featuring an up-and-coming cast and music by Grammy winner Quetzal Flores, this lighthearted romp across the Eastside of Los Angeles offers a fun and realistic portait of what it's like to be in a fledgling band. Youthful Father Chuck O'Malley led a colorful life of sports, song, and romance before joining the Roman Catholic clergy. After being appointed to a run-down New York parish, O'Malley's worldly knowledge helps him connect with a gang of boys looking for direction, eventually winning over the aging, conventional Parish priest. What happens when a screenwriter (Brooks) loses his edge, he turns to anyone he can for help... even if it's the mythical "Zeus's Daughter" (Stone). And he's willing to pay, albeit reluctantly, whatever price it takes to satisfy this goddess, especially when her advice gets him going again on a sure-fire script. However, this is not the limit of her help, she also gets the writer's wife (MacDowell) going on her own bakery enterprise, much to the chagrin of Brooks, who has already had to make many personal sacrifices for his own help. You may have heard of him, and you've definitely heard his work, but now find out about the real Butch Walker and his band the Black Widows as we take you on a personal journey inside one of the greatest minds in contemporary music. 15-year-old Elise is longing for a happy family life, but her mother Betty is weak and egocentric. She drowns her problems in alcohol. Everything seems to turn out good when they meet Ludwig. But he does not fall in love with Betty, he loves Elise. George Taylor returns from the WWII with amnesia. Back home in Los Angeles, he tries to track down his old identity, stumbling into a 3-year old murder case and a hunt for a missing $2 million. The Band Iwrestledabearonce goes on a wild horror tour with the demonic soul of a dead rock star We Came Home is the story of Afghanistan through Afghan American musician, Ariana Delawari. Born in LA, the year the Soviets invade Afghanistan, her home's filled with refugees, Afghan music and her father's dedication to Afghanistan, a country nobody else seemed to care about. After 9/11, her parents move to Kabul to help reconstruct. Ariana spends ten years between LA and Afghanistan, documenting her father's homeland in photographs, film and music. During the Taliban resurgence, Ariana records an album with master musicians in Kabul, revealing the challenges of building anything in this country. Ariana experiences firsthand the threat of war and corruption when her father is arrested. Through this, she unexpectedly realizes why her father could never abandon his people. She now understands Afghanistan cannot be forgotten. The movie is about the Lokomo laborer, and group of friends that dreams come true and a thirst for fast-paced life that take decades. Things are not looking good for Brook, a young, talented singer/songwriter who has become the cliched tortured artist. Slow to come to terms with the death of his mother, Brook is self-absorbed, aggressive, and the major obstruction to his own career success. His isolation is lifted when his three sisters and estranged father come to spread his mother's ashes. Brook's loving sisters have a magical effect on his anger and apathy, suggesting there may be hope for the misanthropic musician after all. Brick and Mortar and Love follows the story of ear X-tacy Records, the legendary record store in Louisville, Kentucky, as it struggles to survive in the changing music retail industry. In-depth interviews include owner John Timmons, staff at ear X-tacy, leaders in the record store industry and scores of independent record store owners from all over the US. These interviews look into the state of the independent record store, what services they provide and what is at stake if they disappear. Independent record stores are not just the place to buy a CD, they are cultural centers where music is learned, art is cultivated and they are vitally important to the communities that they serve. Spain, under Philip IV (1621-1665). The film is based on a novel by Gonzalo Torrente Ballester. The King (Gabino Diego) is stunned to see the naked body of Marfisa (Laura del Sol), the most beautiful prostitute of the town and Court. After that, he also wants to see the Queen (Anne Roussel) naked. However, the King, despite the opposition and the scandal of the Church, will not stop until he reaches his wishes. A group of American musicians are stuck in Argentina after they are arrested with the possession of drugs. Told in eleven chapters, each of which coincides with a track on their album, this story follows their adventures through rehab, across the country of Argentina, and finally into Chile. "Monica Z" is a biopic about the Swedish singer and actress Monica Zetterlund focusing on her journey from a job as a telephone operator in a small town in Sweden to stardom in the clubs of New York and Stockholm. Following nearly 40 years of unrelenting war, peace and reconstruction are slowly arriving to Angola. Huambo, Angola's second largest city, finds 55 children in the Okutiuka orphanage under the care of Sonia Ferreira. Her boyfriend, Wilker Flores, is a death metal guitarist who uses sounds and rhythms of this hardcore music as a path to healing. Or, as Sonia says, "to clear out the debris from all these years of war."  The feature documentary follows Wilker and Sonia's attempts to stage Angola's first-ever national rock concert, bringing together members from different strands of the Angolan hardcore scene from different provinces, as it all unfolds in fits and starts, against the bombed out and mined backdrop of the formerly stately Huambo. Based on Shakespeare's play, Verdi's opera depicts the devastating effects of jealousy, "...the green-eyed monster which doth mock the meat it feeds upon". Believing Otello has promoted the fast-rising Cassio over himself, Iago plots to destroy both Cassio and Otello. Iago convinces the jealous Otello that his beautiful wife Desdemona is unfaithful, and that Cassio is her lover. Jealousy is followed by tragedy, then retribution, "Has Heaven no more thunderbolts?" When doctors diagnosed 19-year-old rock star Jason Becker with Lou Gehrig's Disease, they said he would never make music again and that he wouldn't live to see his 25th birthday. 22 years later, without the ability to move or to speak, Jason is alive and making music with his eyes. On April 2nd 2011, LCD SOUNDSYSTEM played its final show at Madison Square Garden in New York City. LCD Frontman James Murphy, disbanding one of the most celebrated and influential groups of its generation at the peak of its popularity, ensured that the band would go out on top with the biggest concert of its career. The instantly sold out, near four-hour extravaganza featured special appearances by Arcade Fire and Reggie Watts and moved the crowd of thousands to tears of joy and grief. SHUT UP AND PLAY THE HITS both captures this once-in-a-lifetime event with stunning visuals and serves as an intimate portrait of Murphy as he navigates the 48 hours surrounding the show. Woven throughout is an honest and unflinching conversation between Murphy and author Chuck Klosterman as they discuss music, art, aging, and the decision to call it quits while at the top of your game. The incredible rise to fame of 63-year-old aspiring soul singer Charles Bradley, whose debut album took him from a hard life in the Brooklyn Housing Projects to Rolling Stone Magazine's top 50 albums of 2011. In the unique world of the Buenos Aires celebrity-impersonator scene, "Elvis" Gutierrez is a star. By day, though, he must contend with a dead-end factory job and an ex-wife who worries about how his obsessive behavior affects their young daughter, Lisa Marie. Feeling more connected to his persona as the King than to his own family, Gutierrez retreats from reality until a tragic accident interrupts his plans and forces him to grapple with his real-world responsibilities. For The Love of the Music : The Club 47 Folk Revival, is a documentary exploring the rich history of Club 47, the iconic Cambridge, Massachusetts folk music mecca from 1958-1968. Two South Africans set out to discover what happened to their unlikely musical hero, the mysterious 1970s rock 'n' roller, Rodriguez. The film won Best Documentary at the 85th Academy Awards. A documentary about the English alternative rock band, The Stone Roses. Meadows interweaves archive film, intimate behind-the-scenes footage and never-before-seen material, delivering the definitive account of the band and their music. He was also granted unprecedented access to their rehearsals for the summer 2012 Manchester concerts. A momentous occasion in modern music, these were the first gigs performed by The Stone Roses in 16 years. Documentary - Bending musical genres and collaborating with hundreds, we take an in depth look at New York American roots musician, David Bromberg's rise to fame. - Jazz legend Chet Baker finds love and redemption when he stars in a movie about his own troubled life to mount a comeback. Featuring interviews with former employees, fellow musicians, family members and journalists, and supported by original and exclusive never-seen-before footage, this star-studded rockumentary offers a fascinating insight into the creation and recording of one of the most ground-breaking and influential albums in pop history. The musical drama is a sequel to the 2008 blockbuster 'Rock On' that tells the story of four friends and their passion for music. This time around, the film centers around the regional conflict prevailing in the North Eastern states of India. With Don't Think, multi GRAMMY(r) Award-winning electronic music duo The Chemical Brothers bring their mind-bendingly psychedelic live show to the big screen for the first time, and in grand style. A state of art spectacle shot at Japan's Fujirock Festival in front of 50,000 ravenous fans, Don't Think combines the Chemical Brothers famously ferocious modern electronic sounds and hardcore dance beats with eye-popping visuals. Directed by their longtime visual collaborator Adam Smith, and shot on 20 cameras, Don't Think is the first concert film to feature Dolby 7:1 surround sound,  mixed for the screen by the band, and includes 2 new Chemical Brothers tracks. Don't think, let it flow, surrender to the void. Eve is a catastrophe--low on self-esteem but high on fantasy, especially when it comes to music. Over the course of one Glasgow summer, she meets two similarly rootless souls: posh Cass and fastidious James, and together they form a group. For most of the last decade Laurent Jeanneau has been on an urgent mission to record as much as he can of the surviving music of ethnic minorities in South East Asia. Small Path Music takes us traveling in the field with Laurent. What drives him to these remote places? What does he find there? In 2009, Sham 69 became the first punk rock band to tour China. Just as the '70s British icons were attempting to mount a comeback, Chinese punk singer, tour manager and promoter Ray Yao lured them for two weeks of chaos in an enthusiastic but ever-changing country. With locals No Name as their supports, and former Chumbawamba lead singer turned director Dunstan Bruce capturing their every move, the trip provided more than just an unlikely introduction to the modern music scene. Met by excited new fans screaming "this band is gorgeous!", they tapped into the enduring, uniting nature of punk anthems Barbie as Odette, the young daughter of a baker, follows a unicorn into the Enchanted Forest and is transformed into a swan by an evil wizard intent on defeating the Fairy Queen. When Taryn, a Northern Irish runaway, finds herself in trouble in Ocean City, MD, she seeks refuge with her aunt and uncle in Baltimore. But Kim and Bill have problems of their own: they're trying to handle the end of their marriage gracefully for the sake of their daughter Abby, just home from her first year of college. A story of family revelations, people finding each other and letting each other go, looking for love where they've found it before and, when that doesn't work, figuring out where they might find it next. When a famous writer (Huang Bo) decides to have his memories wiped to forget a divorce, he regrets it. Attempting to recover the memories, he becomes haunted by psychopathic thoughts, acting out in ways both he and those around him could never imagine.  A companion film to director Leste Chen's 2014 film The Great Hypnotist. DJs want to play the bands that they love. Corporate HQ stands in the way. Where does the community end up in this fight? Documentary about Swedish singer-songwriter Anna Ternheim making her album The Night Visitor in Goodlettesville, Tennessee with local musicians. Alter Bridge Live At Wembley is a stunning show shot in HD and 3D on November 29, 2011 at the historic Wembley Arena in London in front of a sold out crowd of over 10,000 die-hard fans. The show is the most significant moment in the band's 8-year career, as their goal from day one was to play Wembley. The band ripped through a 21 song set featuring songs from all 3 of their albums including the hits: "Rise Today", "Watch Over You", "Blackbird", "Ghosts Of Days Gone By" and "Isolation". The film was directed by Award-winning Director Daniel E Catullo III, who also produced and directed the band's previous DVD "Live From Amsterdam". Dating in the age of social networking. Filmed in high definition at London's renowned O2 Arena on December 15th, 2011, this is Kasabian's first stand alone DVD release. The show came on the back of the band's No.1 album Velociraptor! and the setlist combines tracks from that album with hits and classic album tracks from across their career so far. The concert was part of a sold out arena tour that covered the UK and Ireland at the end of last year. Kasabian are the recipients of numerous awards for Best Live Band and Best British Band in recent years and this new show with its spectacular and innovative staging will be a must have for their huge and dedicated fanbase. Padak is beautiful and cruel, sad and lively. Planned in 2007, this feature-length CG animation film shares the realistic trend of the recent Korean animation, but manages not to lose the delicate sensibility inherent to animation. The world seen by the live fish in the water tank of a sushi restaurant shows the stifling modern city life of people who live according to set rules. The fish do not know when their life would end, and the power game and conflicts created in small tank provide interesting allegories. The unique characters tailored for a mackerel, flatfish and bass add funny and moving stories. The fish's movement and water texture enhance the true beauty of animation. Also, musical-style scenes that appear at intervals display a feast of colors and lines flowing across the screen with sorrowful music, as if to console the exhausted life of city people. Jake Shimabukuro: Life on Four Strings is a compelling portrait of an inspiring and inventive musician whose virtuoso skills on the ukulele have transformed all previous notions of the instrument's potential. Through intimate conversations with Shimabukuro (she-ma-BOO-koo-row), Life on Four Strings reveals the cultural and personal influences that have shaped the man and the musician. On the road from Los Angeles to New York to Japan, the film captures the solitary life on tour: the exhilaration of performance, the wonder of newfound fame, the loneliness of separation from home and family. A documentary about Danko Jones There are many things in life that could do a number on a man's masculinity. Lenny Babbitt has his identity and manhood challenged when his wife Tracy leaves him for a female doctor named Iris who has been treating their autistic son Isaac. After losing his job, and wife to a woman no less -- Lenny's dad Jack offers him a job at his pawn shop where he must re-examine his identity, manhood and sense of self after meeting Chelsea, a young, free-spirited pistol that lives life on two wheels. In the end, Lenny realizes that there are no absolutes... only one's faith, sense of self and family -- no matter how it's constituted or defined by society. Trip, a young roadie for Metallica, is sent on an urgent mission during the band's show. But what seems like a simple assignment turns into a surreal adventure. A young singer in Los Angeles named Winter Rose (Kim Whalen) is chosen to be the successor to a world-famous star who is retiring because of a cancer diagnosis. Being in a band isn't all sex, drugs, and rock 'n' roll - get an inside look at the ups and downs of Canada's The Meligrove Band on their quest to break through and make it big. Featuring interviews with members of Tokyo Police Club, F***ed Up, and more. Collecting hours of previously unseen footage and classic live material with full exclusive access to all band members this is the definitive story of a band that has done and seen it all. As well as full access to the band, Hello Quo! Also features input from a host of the biggest names in rock including: Brian May of Queen, Joe Elliott of Def Leppard, Thin Lizzy, Buzzcocks, Slade, Paul Weller, Sir Cliff Richard and Midge Ure. The documentary also exclusively features the moment when the original line up of the band met again for the first time in over 30 years. A truly poignant reunion, after years of legal wrangling, saw the band clear the air but also plug in and play together once again... This Access All Areas Collector s Edition includes 3 hours of astonishing never seen before Quo footage! High schooler Jason has found his dream girl--the gorgeous Anastacia. There's just one problem: she doesn't know he exists. If he can win a spot on the school's hottest dance crew, Jason might have a shot. But before he does, he'll have to overcome his battle-ax of a mother, survive Anastacia's gangsta brother, and pass the crew's initiation--in this fresh, sexy, and outrageously funny comedy. A pair of friends sit on a bench and discuss their hopes and dreams when things take an unexpected turn. Two 12-year-old girls going through a divorce make a pact never to divorce their friendship. Estranged from her family, Franny returns home when an accident leaves her brother comatose. Retracing his life as an aspiring musician, she tracks down his favorite musician, James Forester. Against the backdrop of Brooklyn's music scene, Franny and James develop an unexpected relationship and face the realities of their lives. FIVE DANCES, written and directed by Alan Brown, is a creatively adventurous narrative feature film set in the New York 'downtown' modern dance world.  The story follows the rocky emotional journey of an 18-year old dancer (the amazing Ryan Steele) with talent to burn, who must choose between his responsibility to his broken family in the Midwest, and forging a life and career for himself.  The film features five of New York's most gifted dancers acting on film for the very first time, and performing the choreography of internationally acclaimed choreographer Jonah Bokaer. In his lifetime Haydn achieved a degree of fame that easily surpassed that of Mozart and Beethoven.  In Search of Haydn is an intricate portrait of Haydn's life told through performances and interviews from today's most admired classical musicians. An African American gospel choir is the Greek chorus for a Palestinian play on Martin Luther King, Jr. which tours the West Bank, preaching nonviolence. The devoutly Christian choir grew up in churches strongly allied with Israel. On their first trip to the Holy Land they witness the harsh realities of life under occupation, a nonviolent movement for justice, and an assassination. Our story is a unique view of a crucial human rights conflict. Mixing the excitement of foot-stomping gospel music and creative theater it reveals the power of art to communicate, heal, and give voice to communities living in fear. It is a cultural exchange of immense depth and far-reaching implications, where, during the course of the journey, people's preconceptions are radically changed. A rock & roll Fog of War about Husker Du's legendary singer/songwriter Grant Hart. Documentary film. A visual love song to the surf blessed land of Chile, its people, and the ocean that defines it. Titus Andronicus returns from the wars and sees his sons and daughters taken from him, one by one. Shakespeare's goriest and earliest tragedy. Desi Romeos is the story of six boys who are popular in college for their music. It describes  their journey from the days of the hostel to house no. 55, where they stay on rent and where romance blossoms between them and the girls (JULIET) staying as PG (Paying Guest)in the house opposite them to the jail. Desi Romeos' is a fun filled story of a normal group of boys with lots of action, romance and music, keeping you entertained throughout Performers in Believe are three vocalists Chloe Agnew, Lisa Kelly, Lisa Lambe, and fiddler Mairead Nesbitt  All songs on this album are re-releases from their previous albums. Their only new song, entitled 'Princess Toyotomi', is featured in the film of the same name. This is the first album where nine members (both current and previous) appear together.  Another album of the same title was released on January 24, 2012 Both this album and DVD (live performance from the Fox Theatre, Atlanta, Georgia) feature new music from Agnew, Kelly, Lambe and Nesbitt. The performance was broadcast on PBS stations in December 2011 Some of the songs performed but not available on the CD are A Tribute To Broadway, sung by Agnew, Lambe and Kelly, and Mna na hEireann, played by Nesbitt. European and North American dates for the 2012 Believe tour have already been set, but Lisa Kelly will not join this tour due to her pregnancy, and will be replaced by Susan McFadden. Cyrus Nollen, Bergerac High's resident big-nosed hacker, uses social media to help a handsome star athlete win the heart of his best friend Roxy, despite the fact that he is deeply in love with her himself. Rahul is a singer, who loses his career due to his drinking habits. He meets Arohi in a bar in Goa, where she works to earn a living. Impressed by her singing, he promises to take her to Mumbai and make her a star, where they fall in love with each other. Will they stay together accepting their success, or will their egos break them apart? Satchurated was filmed live on 'The Wormhole Tour' in support of Satriani's new album 'Black Swans And Wormhole Wizards' at the Metropolis in Montreal, Canada on December 12th of 2010. The film will be the first 3D theatrical concert film release with 7.1 Dolby Surround Sound for the ultimate cinematic experience. It was one of the most anticipated events in the history of Canadian music. The Tragically Hip, Canada's most beloved rock band, was headlining a festival concert in Bobcaygeon - the small Ontario town, population 2,500, that inspired one of the group's most popular and enduring songs. 25,000 fans from across North America and Europe would make the pilgrimage. This is the story of a monumental concert, told through intimate footage of devoted Hip fans, the townspeople who embraced them, and of the inimitable band who, after more than 25 years of playing music together, have come to represent the soul of Canadian rock. One of the biggest Polish film premieres of 2012 and eagerly anticipated for over a decade, it is the story of the late 90s generation and the three friends behind the music: Magik, Focus and Rahim.  The fact-based film directed by Leszek Dawid charts the relentless struggle for success of Paktofonika, against the backdrop of crumbling traditional values in dreary 90s Silesia. The contradictory ideals of hiphop - the rebellious, edgy lyrics against the 'system' juxtaposed with the money and  fame sought by the artists - are superbly captured in this dark, unforgettable drama. Young career woman Samantha 'Sam' Hoyt gets swept off her feet by Benjamin 'Ben' Rosen, who romances her better then anyone before, so she jumps at the offer of becoming his fiancee. If Ben thought a girls typical obsession with the perfect wedding was testing, she soon proves a particularly bad case, and before he gets used to that meeting each-others parents complicates things gravely, as Jewish and church wedding traditions don't exactly mix easily. They take their time preparing while living together. Then fate strikes again: the key man from the client of her firms advertising campaign is Luke Stinson, the perfect gay at college whom she could never date because of a rather serious fall just when they could have kissed. Luke proves still as irresistible, gorgeous, charming, easy-going and simply too sexy for any female not to lust for at first sight, and... The young Renato Russo has no time to lose: dreams of being a rock star. But it's still early. He needs to study, teach English, reassure parents, enjoy the class, heal pain of love and especially who pack touch your band. Abortion Electric to Keith Urban, "We're So Young" presents the first chords of myth Renato Russo and the class of the Rock Brasilia, creators of such hits as "What Country Is This," "Generation Coca-Cola", "Eduardo and Monica" and many other songs that mark and become fans generation after generation, starting the path that will make the biggest band in the Rock and Brazil Renato Russo spokesman urban youth of the whole country. Giving fans unprecedented access to the real life of the music sensation, Katy Perry: Part of Me exposes the hard work, dedication and phenomenal talent of a girl who remained true to herself and her vision in order to achieve her dreams. Featuring rare behind-the-scenes interviews, personal moments between Katy and her friends, and all-access footage of rehearsals, choreography, Katy's signature style and more, Katy Perry: Part of Me reveals the singer's unwavering belief that if you can be yourself, then you can be anything. Ethan Hawke directs this intimate documentary portrait of classical pianist, composer, author, teacher and sage Seymour Bernstein. A young governess is hired by a man who has become responsible for his young nephew and niece after the deaths of their parents. A modern take on Henry James' novella "The Turn of the Screw". Rich L.A. party brat Tim spins into a cycle of despair after his parents divorce, and trying to fill the void with drugs and trouble only buys him a ticket to an asylum. But with the help of a psychiatrist who has taken an interest in him, will Tim try to pull himself out of the muck of teenage rebellion and ennui? Spike Lee pays tribute to Michael Jackson's Bad on the twenty-fifth anniversary of the epochal album, offering behind-the-scenes footage of Jackson recording the album and interviews with confidants, musicians, choreographers, and such music-world superstars as Kanye West, Sheryl Crow, Cee Lo Green and Mariah Carey. Joshua, an 80-year old Holocaust survivor, discovers one morning, that a cellular antenna was installed on the roof of his house. It turned out that his neighbor has rented his part of the rooftop to a cellular company. Joshua feels a terrible injustice was done. He starts believing that all his diseases and pains are caused by the antenna's radiation. Joshua obsessively starts feeling the radiation everywhere and develops a persecution disorder which risks his life. He goes to war against his neighbor. His wife Sarah, and his 3 adult sons are dragged unwillingly into this vortex. The crisis reveals the personal problems of each of his sons, and they are forced to deal with their father's dark shadow. A young singer/songwriter, despite being married, becomes involved with her new guitarist, who she soon discovers has a dark past and may be a danger to her and those close to her. In a part of America that rarely makes headlines, there is a small town with a group of teenagers who will captivate your ears and warm your heart. MARIACHI HIGH follows a South Texas high school's top ensemble, Mariachi Halcon, through one year of auditions and rehearsals, of heartbreak and joy, building to the state championship tournament, making a convincing case for the positive impact of in-school arts engagement on students' lives. One of the film's central themes is a connection between mariachi music for Latino youth and high achievement. As they compete and perform with musical virtuosity, these teens and the music they play will inspire, surprise, and bring you to your feet. A young boy finds a powerful otherworldly weapon, which he uses to save his older adoptive brother from a crew of thugs. Before long, the two of them are also pursued by federal agents and mysterious mercenaries aiming to reclaim their asset. Bad Brains are one of the most important and influential American bands still working today. They melded punk and reggae into an innovative style that has yet to be copied. Their impact and influence can be heard in groups like Beastie Boys, No Doubt, Nirvana, Jane's Addiction and countless more. Despite the troubles of an eccentric front man they have stayed together for 30 years without ever reaching the level of success so many think they deserve. Using rare archival footage and original comic illustrations the film re-constructs Bad Brains' rich and complicated history. Set 10 years later, the Phantom has escaped from Paris to New York where he lives amongst the joyrides and freak shows of Coney Island. He has finally found a place for his music to soar, all that is missing is his love Christine Daae.  In a bid to win back her love, the Phantom lures Christine, her husband Raoul, and their young son Gustave from Manhattan, to the glittering and glorious world of Coney Island... they have no idea what lies in store for them...  You truly haven't experienced Andrew Lloyd Webber's Love Never Dies until you see this spectacular new Australian production, filmed at Melbourne's iconic Regent Theatre. BAD BLOOD chronicles how a "miracle" treatment for hemophilia became an agent of death for 10,000 Americans. Spain, under Philip IV (1621-1665). The film is based on a novel by Gonzalo Torrente Ballester. The King (Gabino Diego) is stunned to see the naked body of Marfisa (Laura del Sol), the most beautiful prostitute of the town and Court. After that, he also wants to see the Queen (Anne Roussel) naked. However, the King, despite the opposition and the scandal of the Church, will not stop until he reaches his wishes. 'In ten years I'm gonna be cruising the coast. Drinking my pop. I'm gonna be kissing all the girls; I'm gonna be singing all the rock.' This swaggering prediction came from ten year old Travis Roberts, aka 'The Human Skab,' at the height of his early music career. Little could he know that in ten years he would actually be on the front lines of the War on Terror, and that it would be twenty-three years before he would be able to fulfill his dream. Part punk rockumentary, part band ethnography, part war veteran story, this film portrays the saga of Travis as he and several other characters embark on a reunion tour, reclaiming the musical phenomenon that was so popular in its original inception. An alien intending to claim Earth for his people before their homeworld is destroyed by a comet decides not to eliminate humanity when he hears their music. Instead, he lives among them until another alien is sent to find and kill him. A feature documentary film set in Hollywood, examining a radical experiment in '70s utopian living. The Source Family were the darlings of the Sunset Strip until their communal living, outsider ideals and spiritual leader Father Yod's 13 wives became an issue with local authorities. They fled to Hawaii, leading to their dramatic demise. Musicologist, Dr Ahmad Sarmast, son of famous Afghan musician Ustad Salim Sarmast, returns to Kabul after 15 years to reopen the old music school, closed down by Islamic extremists in 1992, with the dream to transform it into Afghanistan's first national institute of music. Determined to help revitalise his country's devastated music culture, Ahmad also has a personal quest: to give Kabul's street kids and orphans the chance to go to the music school, believing that the healing power of music will transform their lives. A writer stumbles upon a long-hidden secret when he agrees to help former British Prime Minister Adam Lang complete his memoirs on a remote island after the politician's assistant drowns in a mysterious accident. The greatest untold story in Rock and Roll history as revealed by the musicians,artists and people that lived it American-returned Shankar Narayan is baffled to witness his former businessman and jailbird dad posing as a soothsayer by the name of Mahaprabhu Janak Sagar Jagat Narayan in a small town ... Three women and a girl from a remote Kayan village in Myanmar go to a distant city to sell their crafts. In the city, the girl is kidnapped by human traffickers. The Kayan women are determined to find the girl. Two teenage friends conspire to find out how much their youthful sensuality can disrupt one of their households, headed by a dentist and his mentally-ill wife. Documentary charting the life of blues guitarist B.B. King, with contributions from fellow musicians. Deep into a forest, a gathering of wild animals start a nocturnal opera, conducted by a squirrel. Aleena searches town for her son's misplaced record. Ebeneezer Scrooge (Alastair Sim) contentedly meanders through his life as a cruel miser until one fateful Christmas Eve when he is visited by three ghosts. The spirits show him how his behavior over the years has made him a lonely, bitter old man, and how his heart has grown colder. Using events from Scrooge's idealistic past, dreary present and dismal future, the apparitions try their best to melt his steely soul. Tightfisted Ebeneezer Scrooge learns the error of his ways through the intervention of the ghost of his former partner and of the three spirits and, just in time for the holidays, manages to make everyone's lives a little brighter, his included! (The Title has been changed to "A Christmas Carol") Through hypnotism and telepathic mind control, a sinister music maestro controls the singing voice, but not the heart, of the woman he loves. Gloria returns to her bleak home town after failing as a singer in New York. She falls for a grifter who claims to be the former manager of a famous singer. Her passion for singing is reborn, but she is pushed into uncharted territory. An athiest punk rocker takes his camera on tour with evangelical Christian hardcore acts. CAN U FEEL IT is the experience of UMF on the big screen. It's a feature length film about a new generation seen through the eyes of the world's greatest DJ's. Tiesto, David Guetta, Carl Cox, Afrojack, Fedde le Grand, Boys Noize will be the headlining superstars that will take you on an electrifying journey through UMF and the world of dance music.  The film makes you feel like you are on the dance floor and in the DJ booth at the same time and has the pace and feel of a music video mixed with in-depth storylines on the artists, the event and especially the rise of dance music around the world.  UMF is the world's premiere electronic music festival. It is like the Olympics for electronic dance music (EDM) and every year during Miami Music Week all the major EDM artists and fans from around the world collide in Miami for this ultimate experience in dance music. Music and politics collide when international music star, Pras Michel of the Fugees, returns to his homeland of Haiti following the devastating earthquake of 2010 to mobilize a presidential campaign for Haiti's most controversial musician: Michel Martelly aka Sweet Micky. The politically inexperienced pair set out against a corrupted government, civil unrest, and a fixed election. When Pras's former bandmate, superstar Wyclef Jean, also enters the presidential race, their chances seem further doomed. But with the help of a few friends, including Ben Stiller and former president Bill Clinton, they never give up on their honest dream of changing the course of Haiti's future forever Three years after Mike bowed out of the stripper life at the top of his game, he and the remaining Kings of Tampa hit the road to Myrtle Beach to put on one last blow-out performance. The inspiring story of the Roland TR808, from the creation of Planet Rock which established it as a dynamic modern instrument, to how it defined hip hop and modern dance culture, through to its continued use today. School's over - and for brand-new high-school graduates Ben, Felix and Nick, it's time to party! But when Ben embarrasses himself in public trying to declare his love for the gorgeous Carola, he and his pals make a quick exit by taking jobs as hosts in a vacation club on Ibiza, the Mediterranean hot spot for oversexed boys and underdressed girls! Instead of sun, sea and sex, however, it's work, work and more work, as the three are kept busy around the clock by their sadistic boss Anna. And when Ben bumps into Carola and her super-cool DJ boyfriend, Ibiza starts feeling more like Alcatraz by the minute. Yet even as the mishaps pile up and the boys have to cope with stinging jellyfish, English hooligans and tequila hangovers, they refuse to give up their plan to throw the ultimate Ibiza party for the club, and especially for Carola. Summer is short, but these guys are going to make sure everyone remembers this one for a long time! Everyone has ideas. But what where do they come from? And what ensures they keep coming? How do you sort the genius ideas from the useless ones? Why invest all this hope and energy into making things in the first place? From Nothing, Something profiles creative thinkers across a variety of disciplines and finds common methods, habits, mindsets and neuroses that help bring breakthrough ideas into being. This is a thoughtful, intimate, often funny look at the creative process--straight from the brains of some of our culture's most accomplished and inspiring talents. 'Oxygen for the Ears: Living Jazz' is a story of the trials and triumphs of jazz in America. Every jazz tune has a starting point - a simple note - from which the music starts its journey and rises. 'Oxygen for the Ears' portrays Washington D.C. as such a departure point for its documentary story, 'Living Jazz'. A British architect's teenage daughter, who has joined a group of Soho beatniks,  detests her new stepmother and, after learning she was once a stripper, tries to ruin her with her father. In her fondest dreams, this film's main character Leila (Riina Maidre) is a resplendent singer. In reality, however, all her energy and talent is spent on relationships that eat away at her soul, mind-altering substances, and glamorous showing-off.  Heleri defies the rules. By playing with the possibilities of the art of film, she takes the viewer to an uneasy universe where the boundary between reality and illusion is incredibly thin. This is a world that is familiar to everyone who at some point in their life had to grow up and admit to themselves that dreaming is not enough on its own. And who have regardless of that chosen dreaming. A Sadhu. A holy man of Hinduism who has renounced all earthly possessions in order to retire to a grotto in the heart of the Himalayas. After eight years of living as a hermit, his meditations no longer satisfy him. In order to redeem his solemn vow, he has to take the risk of confronting the world again. During his pilgrimage Indian mysticism becomes gradually superimposed by the humanity of this wise man. A sage that no longer wants to be one. How do you become Peter Brotzmann? How do you become what you are: a painter, a musician, an absolute artist? Europe was nothing but a ruin and shame possessed the heart of the young Germans. They needed to invent, scream, regain a lost brotherhood. Overcome this silence! That's how some young German, British, Dutch, Belgian... musicians made Europe exist long before Maastrich and have kept on cherishing, imperturbably, their freedom! They are no longer twenty-year-olds, but others have followed. They set themselves one constraint: reinvent everything every time. A way to take the very instant into account, to let the unexpected in, to match to the world. Road movie about two young people from different parts of the world, their vastly different clashing cultures and their journey of self-discovery during the drive to the largest music festival in California. Big Star: Nothing Can Hurt Me is a feature-length documentary film about the dismal commercial failure, subsequent massive critical acclaim, and enduring legacy of pop music's greatest cult phenomenon, Big Star. Indie rock icons the Archers of Loaf reunited in 2011, and during the course of their reunion tour played two legendary concerts at Cat's Cradle in Chapel Hill, NC. Combining in-your-face concert footage along with rare interviews of the band, this film by director Gorman Bechard documents those concerts, and captures the excitement and explosive energy of what its like to see this extraordinary band perform live. A musical director who craves advancement participates in a musical which picks the role of a king in a survival method as a mentor. There he meets a multicultural child who becomes partners with him and experiences his first intentions and inspiration. Musician, composer, producer, music theorist, singer and visual artist; probably best known for his early work with Roxy Music, his production duties for U2 & Coldplay, and as one of the principal innovators of ambient music. This documentary film - the first ever about Eno - explores his life, career and music between the years 1971 & 1977, the period that some view as his golden age. Featuring numerous exclusive interviews, contributions from a range of musicians, writers, collaborators and friends - plus performance and studio film and an abundance of the most exceptional music ever created. Wish You Were Here, released in September 1975, was the follow up album to the globally successful The Dark Side Of The Moon and is cited by many fans, as well as band members Richard Wright and David Gilmour, as their favorite Pink Floyd album. On release it went straight to Number One in both the UK and the US and topped the charts in many other countries around the world. This program tells the story of the making of this landmark release through new interviews with Roger Waters, David Gilmour and Nick Mason and archive interviews with the late Richard Wright. Also featured are sleeve designer Storm Thorgerson, guest vocalist Roy Harper, front cover burning man Ronnie Rondell and others involved in the creation of the album. In addition, original recording engineer Brian Humphries revisits the master tapes at Abbey Road Studios to illustrate aspects of the songs construction.  It's the day of the Orange Parade in Glasgow, but for Jon, the thrill of leading the parade and swinging the mace soon turns to horror as he learns the truth behind the costumes and songs. Doc Pomus' dramatic life is one of American music's great untold stories. Paralyzed with polio as a child, Brooklyn-born Jerome Felder reinvented himself as a blues singer, renaming himself Doc Pomus, then emerged as one of the most brilliant songwriters of the early rock and roll era, writing "Save the Last Dance for Me," "This Magic Moment," "A Teenager in Love," "Viva Las Vegas," and dozens of other hits. Spearheaded and co-produced by his daughter, Sharyn Felder, and packed with incomparable music and rare archival imagery, this documentary features interviews with collaborators and friends including Dr. John, Ben E. King, Joan Osborne, Shawn Colvin, Dion, Leiber and Stoller, and B.B. King, as well as passages from Doc's private journals read by his close friend Lou Reed. In the reign of emperor Tiberius, Gallilean prophet John the Baptist preaches against King Herod and Queen Herodias. The latter wants John dead, but Herod fears to harm him due to a prophecy. Enter beautiful Princess Salome, Herod's long-absent stepdaughter. Herodias sees the king's dawning lust for Salome as her means of bending the king to her will. But Salome and her lover Claudius are (contrary to Scripture) nearing conversion to the new religion. And the famous climactic dance turns out to have unexpected implications...  Milan, a former Serbian rock star, takes us on a bumpy ride as he rides all over NYC picking up a motley crew of passengers to scramble money for his recording. When his bass player quits, he has to sift through New York musicians until he finds a promising replacement - and a romantic spark in a free-spirited female bassist. Just as the rehearsals start picking up steam, Milan's longtime Serbian girlfriend arrives with very different plans for their future. A documentary experiment of great emotional power, about freedom and the strength of human affective bonds. We witness a concert given by the inmates of a prison in Orleans. Yet, they remain unseen, beyond the prison walls, all along the film, while the camera looks at those who listen to the music outside, in front of the prison. Silent emotions, the rapt faces of the listeners, humming along the prisoners, and their unrevealed personal histories, form a human gallery of potential stories, born out of the viewer's imagination. The history of Sound City and their huge recording device; exploring how digital change has allowed 'people that have no place' in music to become stars. It follows former Nirvana drummer and Foo Fighter David Grohl as he attempts to resurrect the studio back to former glories. Petey Wheatstraw (Rudy Ray Moore) is a candidate to become the devil's son-in-law. The storyline is a scaffolding on which Rudy Ray Moore's standup humor can be unfolded. Beginning life as the afterbirth to a watermelon, the young Wheatstraw becomes a martial artist, but is unable to best the evil comedy team of Leroy and Skillet, who also indulge in wholesale murder. Satan restores the comedians' victims to life, and charges Petey with the task of marrying his clock-stoppingly ugly daughter to giving him a grandchild. When Petey attempts to default on the deal, he is pursued by the devil's henchmen. Big Hair. Guyliner. Someone lamenting by crashing waves on a beach or to their reflection in a fountain. Yes, we're talking about the 80s! Todd and BJ, two lonely wannabe artists, find one another and create the not-so-dynamic R&amp;B duo "Eternity." A young Chinese tourism officer is sent to a forgotten part of southern Italy and unintentionally changes the life of its inhabitants. Luke is an up-and-coming DJ from an affluent New York family with a Lithuanian father and an African-American mother. When Luke hears from an estranged grandmother in Lithuania, he defies his parents and decides to visit this far-away country, flying straight to the capital city Vilnius. He falls in love with the city, a rebellious girl called Marta, and the local music scene - the beatmakers - promoted by an aggressive gay manager, Andy. Luke's grandma's connections get him a deal with the municipality to become the manager of a new nightclub, and he takes up the challenge... but the deal turns out to be poisoned, forcing Luke to rebel in ways he never imagined. Filmed with five hidden cameras, The Tightrope is a total immersion into the creative process behind legendary theater director Peter Brook's work -- powerful, intimate, and emotionally thrilling. In this unique and deeply personal film, we get a dizzying glimpse from the Tightrope and an inkling of what it takes to make theater real... Evolution as an artist is often times what separates legends from the more mundane. After being heavily influenced by his experience in Jamaica - and his subsequent name change from Snoop Dogg to Snoop Lion - the LBC showman prepares his latest reggae-infused album Reincarnated. As part of the process, VICE followed Snoop to the island nation as he recorded various songs with backing from Diplo, Ariel Reichtshaid and Dre Skull of Major Lazer. Having grown tired of what rap provided him, the documentary reveals the rebirth and inspiration for his latest project. Recluse Smith is drawn into a revolutionary struggle between guerrillas and right-wingers in New Zealand. Implicated in a murder and framed as a revolutionary conspirator, Smith tries to maintain an attitude of non-violence while caught between warring factions. Lily is looking for a hero for her new novel. When she finds Nino, a romantic street artist by day and a peeping tom by night, she decides to seduce him and turn him into the subject of her book - without him knowing it. She meets Nino's close friend Freddy, an ultra orthodox Jew and a gay drag artist, who is Nino's muse in the same way that Nino is Lily's. Lily sees Freddy as a threat to her manipulation of Nino and realizes she must make Nino give him up. However, the tables begin to turn on Lily when Nino uncovers her true motives , and when she finds herself falling for Nino, this time for real. A group of friends head to the land of oaky Chardonnays and big, bold Cabernet Sauvignons for one member of the squad's 50th birthday party. When a capable dancer is provoked by the evil design of his employer, naturally he will be out to prove his mettle. It's Sunday evening. The Eurofalsh performers take the stage, a familiar Eurovision song is heard, the choreography entertains, the audience is excited, and the magic begins. One song, then another, then another. But at night's end, the stage is cleared, the familiar Eurovision song fades, the choreography is completed, the audience departs, and the magic disappears ... to reveal a gray reality. Miki, a married teacher, wants to have a baby but fears growing up and giving up the stage. Eran, the group's founder, struggles with bankruptcy, a life spent living with his mother, and repeated rejection in Tel Aviv's gay bubble. His only comfort is the stage. Irit, an attractive 20-something and Eran's best friend, soothes his loneliness. She is always there, but secretly knows she will never find herself a straight guy so long as she plays house with a gay one. And Ben, focused on finding a decent job, can't help but be distracted by his real lifelong dream: seeing a Eurovision contest live! During the Great Depression, identical twins are separated at birth. One, Drexel Hemsley becomes a wildly successful '50s rock star, while the other, Ryan Wade, struggles to balance his passion for music and pleasing his parents, who want him to become a preacher. Finally, Ryan rebels against his parents' wishes and launches his own music career -- performing the hits of Drexel Hemsley. Ryan later learns the truth about Drexel when their fates tragically collide. A young musician recovers from the loss of his girlfriend with the help of his female filmmaker friend, and even forms a friendship with the rival who stole her. Benjamin Nelson was a huge star in the 90's, one of the top musicians in his prime. After he had a devastating car accident the public was left to believe he died, and he wanted it that way. Over 10 years later Ben is coming back to see his sister in LA and also revisits his sister's roommate- the fiancee he left behind. After all this time, the few that see him push him for a comeback, not realizing the damage left by the accident and his real reason for coming back after all these years. This film tells the story of the efforts of the first Canadian to attempt to fly a human powered heavier than air aircraft The documentary explores how African-based spirituality has informed Americas popular culture. The old African gods have taken on new forms since their arrival on North America's shores. Their spirit now manifests in turntable wizardry, improvisational skills and mind-blowing collages, performances and rituals. The film shakes up traditional and stereotypical ways of thinking about race, religion, rationality. Through meetings with musicians, writers and artists, healers, gumbo cooks and Mississippi Blues men, the documentary draws a picture of a culture which has always drawn on a unique mix of different ethnic influences to produce its cultural diversity, allure, and vitality Loaded with a love story and set in the club scene in Cape Town, it's a feel good rags to riches film about Raps, a gifted young dancer from the Cape Flats who thinks all he needs is fame and money. However, it all gets complicated when he falls in love with the gorgeous young wife of the gangster-cum-producer who's making his career happen. Consuelo, a ghost who has haunted Escolta for many years, finds a respite from her loneliness in Joey, a young man who has just died. As the two ghosts pass the time before Joey moves to the afterlife, Consuelo questions her reasons for staying put. The life of a world famous rock star. The life, the girls, the drugs. A young woman struggles to move on with her life after the death of her husband, an acclaimed folk singer, when a brash New York writer forces her to confront her loss and the ambiguous circumstances of his death. A music documentary exploring the turbulent, controversial and often unbelievable 30 year history of British post-punk industrial band Killing Joke. Featuring interviews from major cast and crew members, along with 200 fans from across the country, this documentary tells the whole story of this amazing and one of a kind tv show.  A talented young singer and aspiring songwriter's Christian faith and family ties are tested when she defies her worship-pastor father and pursues pop-music stardom in GRACE UNPLUGGED, a moving and inspiring new film that explores the true meaning of success. After finding himself at the constant abuse of his best friend Bobby, Marty has become fed up with his friend's twisted ways. His girlfriend, a victim of Bobby's often cruel ways, couldn't agree more and they strategize murdering Bobby. In times of crisis, the doors are closed and there is no way out, but if we make the way sharing we can see the light at the end of the tunnel. This movie manages to make the public laugh and be thrilled with vivid experiences at a party.  A documentary on the electric guitar from the point of view of three significant rock musicians: the Edge, Jimmy Page and Jack White. In Velingara, southern Senegal, a group of teenagers struggle to do theater. Three girls in 1980s Stockholm decide to form a punk band -- despite not having any instruments and being told by everyone that punk is dead. Shot with a mixture of professional and non-professional actors (including the filmmaker herself) in the intimate black-and-white palette of older home movies, In This Short Life works the blurry margin between documentary and fiction. The film follows four mysteriously intertwined lives in Portland, Ore., and Los Angeles: an elderly woman ambivalently embarking on an affair; a mentally unstable man being evicted from his home; a frustrated actor waiting for his breakthrough; and a young female artist forced by a much-desired yet inconveniently-timed pregnancy to reassess the priorities in her life. A young black woman discovers that her father was a sperm donor, and if that wasn't bad enough, he's white. In 2012, Casey, a gay teen started a group devoted to the environment and changing the world. In this small Texas town, the haters came out strong against the group accusing them of being a dangerous cult. Casey has a wonderful gift that he sees as a curse. He and his friends flee the small town, leaving the police with video tape clues, blood stained walls, and the testimony of a mentally unstable neighbor to solve the mysterious disappearance of all twelve members of the teen cult called The Tribe. Andrea is a 29 year old german woman who is an employee at a book store in Berlin. Piero is a 45 year old italian man who is conducting a radio show focused on Mediterranean music. One day they eventually meet each other in a cinema. They stare at each other without saying anything at all but feelings arise from their sights. After this first encounter Andrea and Piero will begin to figure out a love affair in their respective inner self between both of them. They do not know anything about each other. A war-hardened Crusader and his Moorish commander mount an audacious revolt against the corrupt English crown. This film is released as part of the ongoing 50th anniversary celebration of the Rolling Stones. It tells the story of the Stones' unparalleled journey from blues obsessed teens in the early 60s to their undisputed status as rock royalty. All of the Stones have been newly interviewed and their words form the narrative arc that links together archive footage of performances, news coverage, and interviews, much of it previously unseen. Taking its title from a lyric in "Jumpin' Jack Flash," this film gives the viewer an intimate insight into exactly what it's like to be part of the Rolling Stones as they overcome denunciation, drugs, dissensions, and death to become the definitive survivors. Over a year in the making and produced with the full cooperation and involvement of the Stones, this film is and will remain the definitive story of the world's greatest rock 'n' roll band Artifact is a 2012 American documentary film directed by Jared Leto under the pseudonym of Bartholomew Cubbins, a recurring character in the Dr. Seuss universe. The film is a documentary about the making of the 30 Seconds to Mars album This Is War and the band's battle against record label EMI. Included in Artifact are several interviews, including the one with neurophysicist Daniel Levitin, author of the popular science book This Is Your Brain On Music. The film won the BlackBerry People's Choice Documentary Award at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival. Three teen girls in a Motown band embark on an emotional ride to hell and back. The Beatles first-ever U.S. concert performance from February 11, 1964 at D.C.'s Washington Coliseum. After the death of their loved ones in a tragic plane crash, Harrison Ford and Kristin Scott Thomas find each other's keys in each other's loved ones' possessions and realize that the two were having an affair and they must figure out all the details. Brought together by their shared love of music, ten years on Liam and Natalie are at breaking point. In their case opposites attract but don't necessarily work long-term. Making the difficult decision to separate, they must split their prized music library. But the soundtrack that defined their relationship keeps pulling them back together. A shy but ambitious film student falls into an intense, emotionally fraught relationship with a charismatic but untrustworthy older man. A fly-on-the-wall film crew follow cult Comedy Rock Band 'Dead Cat Bounce' on a desperate quest across Europe to reunite lead singer Jim with his long lost father, who he believes is the legendary rock singer and Whitesnake frontman David Coverdale. A captivating history of the nation's oldest performing arts center - which largely mirrors the evolution of experimental and progressive performing arts in 20th century America - BAM150 chronicles the vibrant past, present and future of the Brooklyn Academy of Music. Through footage of recent performances, intimate interviews, and an astonishing treasure trove of 150 years' worth of archival materials, BAM150 is a testament to the power and stamina of the institution that established Brooklyn as a cultural mecca-serving as a home to such greats as Enrico Caruso, Sarah Bernhardt, Edwin Booth, Merce Cunningham, Robert Wilson, Mark Morris, Laurie Anderson, and Pina Bausch. Sabri, a barber in Yozgat - a very small city in the middle of Anatolia - has an emotional breakdown when he runs into Yavuz and Nese, who come to the town to sing in a small music hall-bar. This will also affect Nese and Yavuz. None of their desires will be how they want them to be. A decade ago rapper Khari 'Conspiracy' Stewart was diagnosed with a psychological disorder, but he has rejected the label and is pursuing a spiritual path.  Through artful documentation of Khari's history, daily life and with insight from psychiatric experts, "Mars Project" reveals the deep complexities of mental health and the inadequacies of the current Canadian healthcare system. Khari's diagnosis or spiritual encounters (as he refers to them) have entrenched themselves so deeply, that it will take much more than a state-imposed drug regimen or spiritual healing to vanquish his demons. James Lavelle played his first DJ set at 14, launched pioneering record label Mo'Wax at 18 and released the genre defining UNKLE album Psyence Fiction at 22. His phenomenally rapid rise seemed limitless, but it's only when you're going so fast that the wheels fall off.  The Man from Mo'Wax tells the remarkable story of one of the most enigmatic yet influential figures in contemporary British culture. Unearthed from over 700 hours of footage including exclusive personal archive spanning three decades, we get the rare opportunity to watch a boy become a man in the world of music.  The result is an exhilarating, no holds-barred ride into the life of an extraordinary man and an equally extraordinary era, taking in some decidedly flawed decision-making (both personal and professional), Lavelle emerges as an innovative artist who thinks big and consistently overcomes adversity. Backup singers live in a world that lies just beyond the spotlight. Their voices bring harmony to the biggest bands in popular music, but we've had no idea who these singers are or what lives they lead, until now. Kendra, who is at wits end with her fiance, explores the world of dating, with coaxing from her friends, to find that true love comes when least expected. A drama based on Jimi Hendrix's life as he left New York City for London, where his career took off. Inspirational true story of Iranian dancer Afshin Ghaffarian, who risked his life for his dream to become a dancer despite a nationwide dancing ban. Superstar Alexander Marcus is on top of the world, worshipped by his fans. Wherever he and his companion Globi show up, there's excitement. Nobody knows that Alexander has become addicted to the dangerous drug egoin, thanks to his evil new manager. After a high dosis and bad trip, his career is destroyed, Globi vanished, and Alexander hospitalized in a psychiatric hospital... After the tragic death of his ex-girlfriend, Kyle Foster struggles to accept the responsibility of being a father to the young daughter, Teigan, who they had together. Amidst pressure from Teigan's grandfather Bill for legal custody and Kyle's desire to pursue his dreams of being a professional musician, he strives to find his way. As the details of their complex history emerge, the pain and resentment Kyle and Bill feel for each other blinds them to the love they share for the little girl who connects them. As their unwillingness to reconcile threatens to tear her away from both of them forever, their journey becomes an odyssey of redemption, commitment and forgiveness as they discover what is most important in their lives. During the Civil War, a Union spy, Andrews, is asked to lead a band of Union soldiers into the South so that they could destroy the railway system. However, things don't go as planned when the conductor of the train that they stole is on to them and is doing everything he can to stop them. Based on a true story. In his new documentary the musician Fermin Muguruza follows path Zuloak rock band, composed entirely of women, to demand also providing other important musical artists. Documentary following the members of the band BUCK-TICK. A documentary that reveals how a forgotten record by the Incredible Bongo Band helped cement the foundation of hip hop when DJ Herc extended its percussion by playing them back to back, creating an anthem on the streets of the Bronx. "By and By" is a grant-winning documentary about a powerful New Orleans gospel quartet, the Electrifying Crown Seekers - a group USA Today calls "the essence of Jazz Fest ... more explosive than any rock headliner." The group is led by an exceptional singer-guitarist, James Williams Sr, and their gig at the New Orleans Jazz &amp; Heritage Festival is consistently cited as one of the true hidden treasures of the Fest. But it's in the Crown Seekers' traditional quartet and church community the other 364 days of the year where "By and By" finds its story. This fragmented post-apocalyptic narrative utilises live action, song and mind-bending animation to explore the uncertain aftermath of a cataclysmic investment crisis. The Law Enforcement Technology Advancement Centre (LETAC) has developed SID version 6.7: a Sadistic, Intelligent, and Dangerous virtual reality entity which is synthesized from the personalities of more than 150 serial killers, and only one man can stop him. On December 10, 2007, Led Zeppelin took the stage at London's O2 Arena to headline a tribute concert for dear friend and Atlantic Records founder Ahmet Ertegun. What followed was a two-hour-plus tour de force of the band's signature blues-infused rock 'n' roll that instantly became part of the legend of Led Zeppelin. Founding members John Paul Jones, Jimmy Page and Robert Plant were joined by Jason Bonham, the son of their late drummer John Bonham, to perform 16 songs from their celebrated catalog including landmark tracks "Whole Lotta Love," "Rock And Roll," "Kashmir," and "Stairway To Heaven."  . Melvin, a reluctant hero who is far from super, has been suppressing his telekinetic powers for years with booze, drugs, and women. In the process, he has failed at practically everything, most of all as a parent to his son. After a brush with death, Melvin decides to use his powers for good and clean up the streets of New Orleans with the help of his best friend/definitely-not-a-sidekick, Lucille. For a man who can do the impossible, it might be a fight even he can't win. Between surrealism, unusual characters, art and magic tricks, "Swim Little Fish Swim" is a dreamlike journey from childhood to adulthood. Long before Green Day and Blink 182 inflicted punk-rock's puncture wound on the map of mainstream music, the Descendents were at home concocting the perfect mix of pop, angst, love, and coffee. FILMAGE: The Story of DESCENDENTS/ALL follows drummer/square-peg Bill Stevenson and his 'caffeinated retardedness' as he pushes his rotating door of bandmates to 'achieve ALL,' his philosophy of going for greatness at all costs. Stevenson is a force to be reckoned with--not even grapefruit-sized brain tumors can keep him down. A documentary on the Rolling Stones that was shot in 1965 on a two-stop tour of Ireland, just as "(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction" was becoming a worldwide sensation. A Documentary feature film directed by Lian Lunson celebrating the late Kate McGarrigle. "Geek USA" is a quirky romantic comedy filled with 90s nostalgia about a high school senior in a rock band who suddenly goes from zero social life to having three very competitive dates for prom. A man listens to his wife and fakes his own death so that she can get her hands on his insurance policy. Even though today he remains a great stranger, Jani Christou (1926-1970) stands among the greatest figures of the 20th century music avant-garde. His work is characterized by a rare uniformity and consistency, regarding not only the pioneering means which he introduced in the world of sounds and the innovatory music systems, but also his own philosophical universe which runs through and inspires his compositions: the myth, the transcendent, the mysticism, the primordial, the ritual, the unapproachable, the panic, the hysteria... With Christou's early death in a tragic accident, on his birthday, in January 8th 1970, the world of contemporary music lost one of the most thrilling and provocative talents.  The documentary attempts to illustrate the personality and the spirit of this great thinker of art and follow the path of his short life, which has always been interwoven with art and his meaning of offering to humanity and civilization. 1. Same Old Song And Dance (Live Video) 2. Oh Yeah (Live Video) 3. Rats In The Cellar (Live Video) 4. Train Kept A Rollin' (Live Video featuring Johnny Depp) 5. A Conversation with Steven Tyler and Joe Perry (Video). Legendary Child (music underlaying words) 6. Brad Interview (Video). Street Jesus (music underlaying words) 7. Joe Interview (Video). Freedom Fighter (music underlaying words) 8. Joey Interview (Video). Closer (music underlaying words) 9. ST Interview (Video). Beautiful (music underlaying words) 10. Tom Interview (Video). Tell Me (music underlaying words) When a huge blizzard (that doesn't show signs of stopping) hits, Gracetown is completely snowed in. But even though it's cold outside, things are heating up inside, proving that Christmas is magical when it comes to love.  On November 11, 2011, people across the world were invited to 'capture' a part of their day using film, photography, music and sound. Submissions from all corners of the globe were received and weaved into the narrative fabric that is the 11Eleven Project. EVERYTHING you see and hear was recorded on 11/11/11 Bill Mitchell is the philandering and distant President of the United States. Dave Kovic is a sweet-natured and caring Temp Agency operator, who by a staggering coincidence looks exactly like the President. As such, when Mitchell wants to escape an official luncheon, the Secret Service hires Dave to stand in for him. Unfortunately, Mitchell suffers a severe stroke whilst having sex with one of his aides, and Dave finds himself stuck in the role indefinitely. The corrupt and manipulative Chief of Staff, Bob Alexander, plans to use Dave to elevate himself to the White House - but unfortunately, he doesn't count on Dave enjoying himself in office, using his luck to make the country a better place, and falling in love with the beautiful First Lady... An audio-visual experience documenting what happens when Josh Garrels and Mason Jar Music go to an island to try to create something beautiful.  The ambitious punk rocker Max and the eco-activist Inge cannot stand each other, ever since Max publicly exposed her by singing the offensive song "When Inge is Dancing" in front of the whole school. But for Max and his classmates Fabio, Joscha  and Lukas this song in particular has become a real hit at school as well as in the regional music scene: Their band called Systemfehler is on the verge of a breakthrough. But just before the important gig, which could get them a record deal, guitarist Josha is injured and can't play. Inge happens to be an excellent guitarist, and the only person who can fill in at such short notice. But when Max asks for her help, she imposes one non-negotiable condition: If she decides to play with the band, they will not perform the song "Wenn Inge tanzt". Your backstage pass for when the cameras stop rolling! Monday Night Raw has delivered pulse-pounding excitement to TV viewers for over 20 years. But what happens when the telecast ends? For the first time ever, see what happens after the screen fades to black! Watch WWE's most colorful personalities cut loose for the live audience! From Stone Cold Steve Austin beer bashes, hilarious improv, red-hot matches and heartwarming tributes, it's all here! The forceful feature-length documentary Journey to Jah by Noel Dernesch and Moritz Springer catches the global phenomenon of crossing borders by documenting the experiences of integration in a foreign culture. The film follows the internationally acclaimed European musicians Gentleman and Alborosie, which found a new spiritual home within the reggae culture while Jamaican singer Terry Lynn takes the other direction integrating European styles into her music. John Mikl Thor was a bodybuilding, steel bending, brick smashing rock star in the 70's &amp; 80's whose band, Thor, never quite made it big. Years later he attempts a comeback that nearly kills him.  HANGS UPON NOTHING documents the lives of surfers: Chuck Corbett who wandered his way to the remote atolls of Kiribati, brothers Mikala and Daniel Jones whose adventures take them to the far corners of the Indonesian archipelago, alongside a local crew of teenage surfers coming of age amongst the surf mecca of Bali. Their intertwined journeys are bound by an unending quest to find and ride perfect waves. Alan just for fired from his fifth job in 2 years and his father keep hoping that he could take over the family business but he resisted, wanting to crave his own path but not knowing what he is passionate about. Then he ran into his high school band mate Dash who works in a music store where he is very happy so long as he is surrounded by music. Dash invited Alan to join his band but Alan was initially a bit reluctant until he see Meg, the lead singer he like... In a small town, high school students in their final year try to balance their studies while also playing together in a rock band. A Film About Kids and Music is a project arising from a music class. Conducted by Joan Chamorro, the big band brings together children between 6 and 18 years old, around a classic jazz repertoire with lots of swing, which gained the public's attention and sold-out some of the most important music auditoriums in Spain.  China's top drama academy stages the American musical "Fame," China's first official collaboration with Broadway, as the graduation showcase for its senior class. During the eight-month rehearsal, five students compete for roles, struggle with pressure from family and authority, and prepare to graduate into China's corrupt entertainment industry. Six would-be thieves enter a prestigious dance competition as a cover for their larger goal of pulling off a major heist When Chelsea meets up with her estranged childhood best friend, Milla, she's unprepared for the events that follow. Milla, who is now a webcam girl briefly catches Chelsea on camera during one of her shows. Unbeknownst to her, Chelsea has now been exposed to a watcher who becomes obsessed and will stop at nothing to have her to himself. Ballet in Cuba is a national institution, revered by all. It is also a way to climb out of poverty and achieve a better life. Yet for one young ballerina, even that isn't enough. A chronicle of James Brown's rise from extreme poverty to become one of the most influential musicians in history. In The Deep Shade is a feature length film about The Frames.  Filmmaker Conor Masterson worked closely with the band over 18 months, beginning on their 20th anniversary tour in 2010.  'The Frames have always been very positive collaborators. I felt this was an opportunity to make a film that could explore their creativity as people and musicians as well as capturing some of their very dynamic and exciting live performances in close up.' Paul is a sweet man-child, raised -- and smothered -- by his two eccentric aunts in Paris since the death of his parents when he was a toddler. Now thirty-three, he still does not speak. (He does express himself through colourful suits that would challenge any Wes Anderson character in nerd chic.) Paul's aunts have only one dream for him: to win piano competitions. Although Paul practices dutifully, he remains unfulfilled until he submits to the interventions of his upstairs neighbour. Suitably named after the novelist, Madame Proust offers Paul a concoction that unlocks repressed memories from his childhood and awakens the most delightful of fantasies. In the late 1990s, a drug-addled nihilist resorts to murder to climb the ladder of the London music industry. Under the direction of founder and world-renowned DJ Peanut Butter Wolf, Stones Throw Records has consistently released critically acclaimed, left-of-center albums since its founding in 1996. Drawing on live concert footage, never-before-seen archival material, inner-circle home video and photographs and in-depth interviews with the folks who put Stones Throw on the map, this documentary will delve deeper into the label's enigmatic artists, history, culture and global following. A story of family, community, music and tradition set against the backdrop of Branson, Missouri, the remote Ozark Mountain town that is one of the biggest tourist destinations in America. Form small beginnings on a Victorian farm to globetrotting punk rock icons, the Cosmic Psychos became one of Australia's most influential bands. Now after thirty years of music making, 'Cosmic Psychos: Blokes You Can Trust' documents the highs and lows of the group's musical career as told by members from the Melvins, L7, Mud Honey, Pearl Jam, and The Hard-Ons with other international music producers and from the Cosmic Psycho band members themselves. Luiz Gonzaga decides to change his destiny and leaves his childhood home for the big city to overcome a romance. When he arrives, he meets a woman he falls in love with, the Odaleia (Nanda Costa). After the birth of his son and his wife's health complications, he decides to return to the road to ensure a better future for his son. He has a friend in Rio de Janeiro and with him leaves the little one and heads to Brazil.  He didn't imagine that this distance between them would develop into a complicated relationship, enhanced by the strong personalities of both. Based on conversations between father and son, this is the story of Luiz Gonzaga, a singer and accordion player known as Rei do Baiao or Gonzagao. "Reverb Junkies" is a high-energy feature film documenting the current surf music scene in southern California. "Reverb Junkies" takes you inside this little known sub-genre of Rock and Roll. This documentary introduces you to some of the people playing the fastest, hottest instrumental music around and to the rabid fans of all ages who are driven to keep the music alive. The story of Georgia Perry, the first woman to sail around the world solo. Filmed over a period of 2 years, The I Heart Revolution: We're all in this Together follows the worship band, Hillsong United, as they travel across 6 continents 42 nations and 93 cities in a cross-cultural journey of music, animation, interviews and live action documentary as they realise every story of hope, love, loss and sacrifice ultimately points to the one story. Danish filmmaker is there with his camera when Kidd, an ordinary kid, changes from one day to the next into the sensation of the year with his catchy rap songs. Even the Prime Minister wants his autograph. Gripping documentary about rap, fame and riches - and their price. Leaving her seemingly glamorous Hollywood life on hold, Evie Lee is forced to return to her small hometown of Balsam Falls, Tennessee and her family's once-thriving Christmas tree farm to attend her father's unexpected funeral. As the eldest sibling, she finds herself executor of an estate that owes a massive inheritance tax, much to her younger brother's dismay. Torn between pursuing her music career and saving her family's legacy, she must decide what it really means to find her place in the world. Charleene Closshey stars amidst a colorful cast including Robert Loggia, Tyler Ritter, Booboo Stewart and Naomi Judd in this heart-warming musical holiday tale about facing your past, rediscovering your voice, and fulfilling your dreams.  After initially sweeping through Asia, Korean pop music has now taken the world by storm led by the likes of SNSD, JYP and PSY. Take a look behind the scenes of the formation and debut of the 9 member girl group, Nine Muses, in a documentary that gives a glaring insight into the world of K-pop. Follow a year long journey with the Model Idols, as they have been called, and their management label, the relatively small in stature Star Empire, leading up to the group's debut and emergence in the K-pop charts.  Covering everything from dance lessons, recording sessions and the physical and psychological toll on the girls, the film reveals the lengths the girls must go to achieve their dream, to become K-Idols. Go behind the scenes during One Directions sell out "Take Me Home" tour and experience life on the road. The film follows aspiring singer-songwriter Jed King (Alan Powell) as he struggles to catch a break and escape the long shadow of his father, a country music legend. After reluctantly accepting a gig at a local vineyard harvest festival, Jed is love-struck by the vineyard owner's daughter, Rose (Ali Faulkner), and a romance quickly blooms. Soon after their wedding, Jed writes Rose "The Song," which becomes a breakout hit. Thrust into a life of stardom and a world of temptation in the form of fellow performer Shelby Bale (Caitlin Nicol-Thomas), Jed's life and marriage begin to fall apart. A songwriter who deferred his dreams to support his family gets a second chance when his 10-year-old daughter, Gracie, secretly enters his name into a song writing contest/reality show. In the late 70s , during the military dictatorship , the film traces the beginnings of the musical group Los Prisioneros from the perspective of their drummer Miguel Tapia. Official Sites: Official site | Add/edit official sites  >>  Country: USA  Language: English  Release Date: 22 May 2012 (USA) See more >>  Filming Locations: Best Buy Theatre, New York City, New York, USA 'The Girl from Nagasaki' is a 3D feature film production of the classic Puccini Opera 'Madam Butterfly,' directed by world renown photographer Michel Comte. It's a modern day tale that starts with the young Madame Butterfly emerging from the ashes of the atomic bomb in Nagasaki. By a subtle meshing of reality and fantasy, Michel Comte and his team bring to the screen a visual orgy of modern ballet, opera and narrative filmmaking. The band stormed Europe in 1963, and, in 1964, they conquered America. Their groundbreaking world tours changed global youth culture forever and, arguably, invented mass entertainment as we know it today. All the while, the group were composing and recording a series of extraordinarily successful singles and albums. However the relentless pressure of such unprecedented fame, that in 1966 became uncontrollable turmoil, led to the decision to stop touring. In the ensuing years The Beatles were then free to focus on a series of albums that changed the face of recorded music. The 78 Project is a journey to connect today's musicians with the recordings of the past. Using a 1930's Presto recorder, artists get one take to cut a 78rpm record anywhere, finding in that adventure a new connection to our shared cultural legacy. A feature film about Benjamin Britten, released as part of the 100 year celebrations of his birth. Britten is the most performed British composer worldwide. This film premiered at Gresham's School, which he attended, and focuses on how his life-long pacifism influenced his life and music. Written and directed by Tony Britten (In Love With Alama Cogan), narrated by John Hurt and with a superb cast of young people, including many supporting roles taken by students of Gresham's School, the film weaves dramatisation with a documentary narrative. An aspiring rock star finally gets his big break in the music industry after having neglected everyone he loves and is now trying to make up for lost time, but will he be too late? 14-year-old Mie is an elite dancer. When her partner stops dancing, her family decides to search for a new partner abroad. Russian Egor finds out that his mother has set up a try out for him, and if this turns out well, Egor will travel to Denmark. Since May 2011, he has lived with Mie and her parents in Denmark, where everything indicates that they are the perfect match on the dance floor. In Mie's home, however, problems are piling up. The family has suddenly gained a new member, and had it not been for the growing success, Egor would probably have been put on a plane back to his mum by now. Kowalski works for a car delivery service, and takes delivery of a 1970 Dodge Challenger to drive from Colorado to San Francisco. Shortly after pickup, he takes a bet to get the car there in less than 15 hours. Revered sushi chef Jiro Ono strives for perfection in his work, while his eldest son, Yoshikazu, has trouble living up to his father's legacy. Below the belt cancers  and a below the radar cause are thrust into the limelight as N.E.D., or No Evidence of Disease, a rock band of GYN Oncology Surgeons, put the plight of their patients center stage in this riveting story of women fighting for their lives. An inspiring documentary chronicling the rise, fall and resurrection of '80s metal band Quiet Riot. The career of Frankie Banali, the band's drummer, reached a serious crossroads when his best friend and bandmate died in 2007. Years later, Banali realizes he must forge ahead and make a new life for himself and his daughter and he goes on a quest to reunite the band and fill the immense void left by his bandmate. Kate and her brutish boyfriend Big Al sell handguns on the streets of New York. She's smart, stylish, and self-confident, but all that leaves her when Al, in a jealous and self-indulgent rage, beats her. Three friends encourage her recovery: Vic, a woman who would like to be Kate's lover; Reilly, who runs with Al but also is attracted to Kate and repulsed by Al's violence; and, Liz, the counselor assigned to Kate from a battered-women's program. Vic and Reilly talk about killing Al, Liz gives pep talks; Kate remains frightened. Will Al's menace and Kate's dependency hold sway? During the Cold War, the Soviet Union captures U.S. pilot Francis Gary Powers after shooting down his U-2 spy plane. Sentenced to 10 years in prison, Powers' only hope is New York lawyer James Donovan, recruited by a CIA operative to negotiate his release. Donovan boards a plane to Berlin, hoping to win the young man's freedom through a prisoner exchange. If all goes well, the Russians would get Rudolf Abel, the convicted spy who Donovan defended in court. An atypical family portrait, directed by 34-year old Stephanie Argerich, the daughter of pianists Martha Argerich and Stephen Kovacevich. The filmmaker follows her mother in particular, during concerts and in moments of greater intimacy, searching for answers that might shed light on the private spaces of a family that has always lived in the limelight of the international stage, where gaiety and madness rub shoulders with an absolute and overwhelming passion: music. Sixteen year-old Nisha lives a double life. At home with her family she is the perfect Pakistani daughter, but when out with her friends, she is a normal Norwegian teenager. When her father catches her in bed with her boyfriend, Nisha's two worlds brutally collide. To set an example, Nisha's parents decide to kidnap her and place her with relatives in Pakistan. Here, in a country she has never been to before, Nisha is forced to adapt to her parents' culture. In the 1980s a group of foreign-born Korean teenagers who meet at a Seoul summer camp to learn what it means to be Korean. The three boys, from the U.S., Mexico, and Germany, then meet three girls who rock their world. 'The Mystery in Old Bath bath' is puppet movie created by Quintron and Miss Pussycat as part of the ongoing series 'Trixie and the Treetrunks'. In this adventure the Happy Tree is sick and can't give out secret messages from the Center of the Earth anymore. Marsha, Trixie and Ludwig set out to find a cure by following an old antique map (last message from Happy Tree) to an ancient spa town and a museum for people that can't read. But they are being followed by the greatest jazz drummer in the whole world, who is also a complicated friend and a warlock with a few secrets of his own. Shot in mini-magic with an all star puppet cast. Germany's most popular punk rock band "Die Toten Hosen" ("The dead pants") celebrated their 30th anniversary in 2012. In his film "Nichts als die Wahrheit - 30 Jahre Die Toten Hosen" ("Nothing but the truth - 30 years Die Toten Hosen"), established documentary filmmaker Eric Friedler succeeds at presenting an interior view of a band that evolved from an enfant terrible to a pop culture icon and whose work mirrors German history. Friedler takes the audience on a two-hour long roller coaster ride about success and failures. Almost fifty years ago, Mercedes Sosa drafted together with other young artists, the so-called "Manifesto del Nuevo Cancionero" (The New songbook Manifesto). Apart from the millions of records she sold, the thousands of concerts she made all over the world, her countless fans and detractors, Mercedes Sosa left behind an indelible legacy. This film is a deep intimate journey into Mercedes Sosa's world, not only as an artist but as human being. An autobiography through her own voice, with never seen before archive and several international artists giving their testimony about Mercedes's. A recent gym junkie's new personal trainer starts to take their relationship to dangerous levels. A journey in sound through the unusual life and career of jazz legend Charles Lloyd. Lloyd's own voice, and those who worked with him over the last five decades help us discover and better understand this enigmatic man and his spiritual pursuit through music. Half a million people descend upon a tiny Serbian village for the 50th anniversary of the world's largest trumpet festival. Brasslands chronicles the cultural and musical collisions through the personal journeys of 3 musicians - American, Serbian, Roma - whose lives are bound to Balkan brass for very different reasons. As the Palaces Burn is a feature-length documentary that originally sought to follow Lamb of God and their fans throughout the world, to demonstrate how music ties us together when we can't find any other common bond. However, during the filming process in 2012, the story abruptly took a dramatic turn when lead singer Randy Blythe was arrested on charges of manslaughter and blamed for the death of one of their young fans in the Czech Republic. What followed was a heart-wrenching courtroom drama that left fans, friends, and curious onlookers around the world on the edge of their seats. A freelance videographer, a rookie police officer, an undercover PDEA agent, and a crime-in-progress. Only tonight, a comet flies over Manila and the cosmic disturbances turn everything on its head for one night. Everything that could go wrong suddenly foes right. 'Dear Governor Cuomo' is a concert protest film aimed at influencing New York state's decision to ban hydraulic fracturing - fracking - or adopt it. Featuring local activists including Mark Ruffalo, 'Melissa Leo' , 'Natalie Merchant' , Pete Seeger, Citizen Cope and scientists like Sandra Steingraber, the film - a blend of 'The Last Waltz' and 'An Inconvenient Truth' lays out the science and facts behind the decision and encourages the governor to join the anti-fracking majority in his state. Though focused on the issue in New York, the education, and incredible music, are relevant in the 34 states that already allow fracking. Despite being engaged to a successful Iranian plastic surgeon in Beverly Hills, Shirin finds herself falling for a mysterious young man who lives  in a lighthouse in northern California. Under the direction of a ruthless instructor, a talented young drummer begins to pursue perfection at any cost, even his humanity. A young teacher inspires her class of at-risk students to learn tolerance, apply themselves, and pursue education beyond high school. Independent Toronto musicians attempt to carve out a space for themselves in Canada's music industry. "Legion of the Black" tells the visual story of Black Veil Brides upcoming album "Wretched and Divine".The film follows a group of rebels known as "The Wild Ones" as they defend their hearts, minds and bodies against F.E.A.R An unauthorized biography. Take a dynamic look into One Direction from rare live performances singing in London and at NYC's Rockefeller Plaza for the Today show to lead singer Harry performing with White Eskimos, along with exclusive interviews offering unprecedented insight into One Direction's rapid rise from X Factor hopefuls to a genuine pop culture phenomenon. Interviews with: One Direction, Close friends and family including Harry Styles best friend Will Sweeny, Big Time Rush, Mindless Behaviour, The Wanted, Westlife, Simon Cowell &amp; more.  This is the inspirational and contemporary story of pop star Lady Gaga. From a one-on-one interview hosted by Paris Hilton, special appearances from celebrities including Beyonce, Justin Timberlake and Madonna, to riveting performances including hit singles Born This Way and Bad Romance, get to know the real Gaga through unbelievable stories from those who know her and follow her every move. When legendary music producer JT Grayson passes away, his estranged daughter Sam must finally return home. As if dealing with her rebellious teenage daughter wasn't enough, upon arrival she discovers that her ex-husband, country rock star Casey Colter, is already there and stirring things up. With the fate of JT's legacy hanging in the balance this broken family must decide whether they will continue to live in the past or let the music and the beauty of the Alabama summer heal them. An encounter with some new friends encourages Wilbur Sargunaraj, an ordinary Indian to take a chance on his own dreams. He and his friends find beauty in seemingly unlikely places and discover that the common can be extraordinary. A beautiful dancer hangs on the razor's edge between reality and fantasy as she asks her friends to help her figure out the passions and relationships that have shaped who they are and who they will become. A personal retrospective with superstar choreographer Vincent Paterson. Based on the autobiography of Sonny Bono, this film focuses on the volatile relationship between Sonny (Jay Underwood) and Cher (Renee Faia) during the early 60's to their divorce in the late 70's. A woman decides to run away from her old life and finds herself on a small country farm where strange, impossible things seem to happen... and something is coming for her. A mysterious, hypnotic tale somewhere between a dream and a waking nightmare. Mark, a hitman haunted by his past as a corrupt Miami cop and the death of his wife and son,  prepares for his next killing. Gradually he becomes fascinated by the beautiful prostitute who lives in the next apartment and they embark on a passionate affair. Their dreams of a life together are complicated by her pimp being a drugs baron; before they can escape he must die, but things are never that simple... Salvador Mallo, a filmmaker in the twilight of his career, remembers his life: his mother, his lovers, the actors he worked with. The sixties in a small village in Valencia, the eighties in Madrid, the present, when he feels an immeasurable emptiness, facing his mortality, the incapability of continuing filming, the impossibility of separating creation from his own life. The need of narrating his past can be his salvation. A concert video that captures legendary rock 'n' roll band The Doors at the height of the group's powers.  The legendary rock group, The Doors, were at their musical peak when this concert footage was taken. Filmed live at the Hollywood Bowl in the summer of 1968, Jim Morrison and the band perform an extended version of "Light My Fire," plus ten of their other most love songs, taking a standing room only audience on an aural journey of mystical worlds and psychedelic experiences. On November 10th, Robbie Elliott and Phil Gray cycled across the Tyne Bridge in Newcastle (UK) and into St. James' Park to complete an epic 3500 mile journey in only 25 days. It saw them visit every club that SIR BOBBY ROBSON managed throughout his career. This feature film follows the duo's journey across Europe and tells the story of Sir Bobby Robson's life. A documentary telling the story of rappers and singers in a working class estate on the northside of Dublin. Michael Jackson's legendary July 16, 1988 concert at Wembley Stadium. The concert is not a compilation of performances, but rather one complete show, exactly as Michael performed it for Prince Charles, Princess Diana and the 72,000 fans who were in the audience for that night's sold out show. The DVD was sourced from Michael Jackson's personal VHS copy of the performance as shown on the JumboTrons during the concert. This footage was only recently unearthed and is the only known copy of the show to exist. The visuals have been restored and the audio quality enhanced so that fans can share in the excitement of that famous night. In a small town near a winter resort in the mountains of Argentina, Juana tries to commit suicide but ends up in a coma instead, to the great pain of her daughter Marta. Her other daughter Mercedes comes from Buenos Aires but is less interested in her mother's condition than in possibly getting some of her money. Marta's husband has a great offer for a piece of land owned by his mother-in-law, but can't do anything while she is in a coma. Marta's son wants to travel to Europe but has no money for the airfare, and his sister wants to finally have an orgasm so that she can become less tense and increase her chances of winning a local beauty contest which she hopes will be a springboard for a modeling career in Buenos Aires. With his wife's disappearance having become the focus of an intense media circus, a man sees the spotlight turned on him when it's suspected that he may not be innocent. The two best disciples of Sivadas Swamigal, the earnest owner of a Drama school, are by design pitted against each other by the guru himself and this create multiple calamities ending in the duo's separation. Years pass by as one finds a good holding and the other wobbles away as a drunk loser only for them to cross paths again when the ongoing Indian Independence Movement gives another chance for the tables to turn! All-stars from the previous Step Up installments come together in glittering Las Vegas, battling for a victory that could define their dreams and their careers. Through the eyes, words and songs of its popular music stars of the 50s, 60s, and 70s, Don't Think I've Forgotten: Cambodia's Lost Rock and Roll examines and unravels Cambodia's tragic past, culminating in the genocidal Khmer Rouge's dismantling of the society and murder of 2,000,000 of its citizens. The indigent musicians documented end up being just the thread to address schizophrenia, finding that all the musicians who are portrayed here suffer the mental disorder, to a lesser or greater degree. Tuning The Pulse offers a rare, behind the scenes look into the creative process of notoriously reclusive cult musician, Jandek and his free improvisatory music.  Shelly, a young dancer who dreams of becoming a singer, and Jaqueline, an experienced singer who has had some successes and bitter the decline of her career, are partners in a brash band in a scenario that It mixes the romanticism and the sensuality of the Brazilian periphery. Inserted in the universe of show business, between nightclubs and local TV shows, they discover that everything is disposable, like success, love and other human relations. Together, they seem to form a single trajectory of life, where Shelly represents the past of Jaqueline, while this figure like the probable future of the colleague. For Rachel growing up requires letting go of the haunting memory of her deceased parents, the influence of her older sister Mona, the masking of long buried secrets and inherited spiritual practices. This beautiful film showcases Emeli Sande's incredible voice in front of a captivated crowd at London's iconic Royal Albert Hall. The multi-camera live concert spectacular, directed by Paul Dugdale - whose previous work include Coldplay Live 2012 and The Prodigy's World on Fire - includes guest performances from Labrinth and Professor Green as well as the stunning tracks Next To Me, My Kind of Love and Heaven. A bonus CD of the live audio from the concert is also included. Jalanan is the captivating story of Boni, Ho and Titi - three gifted, charismatic bus musicians in Jakarta - and through them a mostly unknown story of contemporary Indonesia. Jalanan intimately portrays the young musicians' quirky sub-culture while also painting an alarming portrait of Indonesia's frenzied capital city that is raw, humorous and brutally honest. Jalanan accompanies the three characters as they perform songs of social angst, get caught in political unrest, face family crises and get locked up by police. It follows them to their distant home villages in Java and traces their elusive, heartfelt quest for identity and love in an adopted city rapidly being overrun by the effects of globalization. A powerful soundtrack of the musicians' original compositions drives the film. Finding the Funk is a road trip in search of the past, present and future of Funk music. Starting with Funk's roots in Jazz and the James Brown bands of the '60s we travel to the Bay Area to celebrate Sly &amp; the Family Stone, then to Dayton the birthplace of so many of Funk's originators, then onto Detroit where from the ashes of Motown, P-Funk's Mothership arose, and then to LA where a new crop of musicians are creating their own Funk history. On our journey into Funk, we talk to legends Sly Stone, Bootsy Collins, George Clinton, Nona Hendryx, Maceo Parker, Bernie Worrell, and Steve Arrington and their descendants Mike D, D'Angelo, Sheila E, Shock G and Sade's Stuart Matthewman. Narrated by Ahmir 'Questlove' Thompson of the Roots. Martin is a young Argentinean piano virtuoso and composer. For four years, he has been a patient of El Borda psychiatric hospital. Music filled up his life. Now he is trying to return to life outside the asylum walls, while working on his new opus, "Enfermaria". A raw, noir-tinged urban legend set to the cadence of slam poetry and the beat of street dance, Burn It Up Djassa signals the arrival of an exciting new artistic movement from Africa's Ivory Coast. A visual and musical rocket ride through the queer music underground telling the story of two girl electro hip hop act Scream Club and their network of friends. Known by music fans as the birthplace of Jimi Hendrix and grunge rock, there is a new music scene brewing in the Pacific Northwest.  Seattle hip hop artists are redefining the genre and exploding onto the national scene as they attempt to capitalize on the do-it-yourself digital age of the music world. Some have found success, but others wonder if the dream of "making it" in a crowded industry is still attainable.  While the fame and attention mounts, gain a firsthand look at the eclectic mix of artists that define northwest hip hop, as they work to conquer a genre that has long been inaccessible to a city void of major labels.  THIS IS THE OTHERSIDE.  Broadway Idiot follows Green Day's Billie Joe Armstrong from a punk rock concert at Madison Square Garden to the opening of his musical American Idiot on Broadway - only ten blocks away, but worlds apart. From behind the curtain share in the crazy journey of turning the mega-hit album into a punk rock musical - and ultimately see how the world of theater transformed Billie Joe. Upon fathering triplets, filmmaker Avi Zev Weider explores the nature of technology, revealing that all its discussions are about what it means to be human. 'A Beautiful Fucking Experience,' is a feature length documentary that celebrates music, in particular the live music experience, as told through the journey of The Flaming Lips on their Guinness world record breaking 24 hour tour through the Mississippi Delta. Finns have a quirky sense of humour - and are a bit shy. But: Tango is THE folk music of the Finns. The documentary discovers the Finnish tango from the viewpoint of the singer Chino Laborde, the guitarist Diego "DIPI" Kvitko and the bandoneonist Pablo Greco. The three Argentine musicians travel to Finland to find out whether Aki Kaurismaki is telling the truth when he asserts that tango music was invented in Finland. A genre-defying band forms in Austin, covers a notorious rap tune, creates its own acclaimed roots music, and becomes a touring institution while striving to find its place in the challenging landscape of the music industry. Welcome to Inspiration 1969. Man lands on the moon. Half a million strong at Woodstock....and Led Zeppelin perform in the gym of the Wheaton Youth Center in front of 50 confused teenagers. Or did they? Filmmaker Jeff Krulik chronicles an enduring Maryland legend, of the very night this concert was alleged to have taken place, January 20, 1969, during the first Presidential Inauguration of Richard Nixon. Led Zeppelin Played Here presents a mid-Atlantic version of what was happening nationwide as the rock concert industry took shape. Featuring interviews with rock writers, musicians, and fans, and several who claim they were witnessing history that night. Embarrassed by his large nose, a romantic poet/soldier romances his cousin by proxy. The most important silent film by director Martin Fric. Poet Vitezslav Nezval did scenographic modifications to the original story by Vaclav Wasserman. Film producer Jaroslav Stransky didn't witness premier; because of fear of financial collapse, he killed himself. A married, indie band duo regretfully takes a job on a children's show ("Rumperbutts"). Despite the money &amp; success, they are miserable. However, on one magical evening, a mysterious man appears &amp; gives them a second chance.  After fifty years of military dictatorship Burma's first girl band faces a tough reality. A fixture of the "indie rock" scene in the mid-90's, Silkworm left behind a unique catalog that is continually being re-discovered by critics and fans. Using extensive interviews with the surviving members, Couldn't You Wait? chronicles their unlikely 17 year long career on the fringe of alternative music. Mistaken for Strangers follows The National on its biggest tour to date. Newbie roadie Tom (lead singer Matt Berninger's younger brother) is a heavy metal and horror movie enthusiast, and can't help but put his own spin on the experience. Inevitably, Tom's moonlighting as an irreverent documentarian creates some drama for the band on the road. The film is a hilarious and touching look at two very different brothers, and an entertaining story of artistic aspiration. Rafael Amargo is an artist who at the age of 35 feels his muses have abandoned him. Something many artists go through at some given moment. He feels a need to seek inspiration to rekindle the magic of the art fairy. This launches him on a journey that will take him to the source of such kind of inspiration, crossing seas, mountains and many roads until he arrives at the the refuge of the real protagonist of this film. His goal is to hand a letter from Lorca to the muse, Chavela Vargas.  This is a story of a talented and ambitious musician who faces a major crossroads in his life. Paul's career has progressed to the point where he plays his own music in pubs, but he has struggled to go beyond that. It is a hand-to-mouth existence and Paul and his girlfriend, Sera, struggle to keep the bank balance in check.  However, one day an important music producer sees Paul play and, realizing he has talent, offers him a big contract. Paul throws caution to the wind and signs the deal, certain that this is his big break.  Unfortunately, the fine print in the contract stipulates that Paul make the kind of commercial music he vowed he never would, and also forces him to act under a stage name.  Now, Paul must decide if he is willing to sell his soul for financial stability. And whatever he decides, he realizes that it will have a lasting effect on his career and on his life.  Two entertainers destined for the big time are mismatched in a casting office from two very different online contests. Tony, a stripper from New York, is cast in an Off-Broadway musical and needs to trade in his tear-away trunks for tap shoes and tights. Anthony, a naive musical theatre enthusiast from Montana, needs to decide if he can strip all the way down just to stay in town. Hilarity ensues as they realize that "to make it" they're gonna have to learn some new tricks. Amidst their brilliantly reviewed 2011 spring tour, Kentucky rockers Cage The Elephant celebrated a two-night sold out run at The Vic Theatre in Chicago. Filmed in front of an energetic live crowd, Live From The Vic In Chicago, features the band's biggest hits and fan favorites from sophomore album Thank You Happy Birthday and their 2009 self-titled debut, including "Ain't No Rest For The Wicked", "Back Against The Wall", "Shake Me Down", "Around My Head" "Aberdeen" and many more. Insane Clown Posse and Twiztid document their tour of America in 35 cities in 35 days. Oil Sands Karaoke is a documentary about five oil patch workers vying to win a karaoke contest in one of the most controversial places on the planet - Northern Alberta's infamous Oil Sands. These five characters know they're at the center of a global controversy and yet they continue to work there under extremely arduous physical conditions for long hours for extended periods without a single day off. Why? Obviously for the high wages. But what could motivate a person in this situation to sing karaoke, let alone take it seriously? A documentary unlike any other, Oil Sands Karaoke will make us laugh, sing along, and perhaps re-examine our biases 'The Accordion's Journey' narrates the story of three Colombian musicians. Year after year they participate in the world's largest competitive accordion festival, held in Valledupar, Colombia. But they never win. One day a letter arrives, inviting them to play alongside the legendary Hohner Accordion Orchestra in Trossingen, Germany, the birthplace of the 'Corona', Colombia's most popular accordion. It's the first time abroad for our three heroes and they discover a very different culture, a first encounter with snow and ice and make new friends. But will their adventure help them in winning the accordion festival back in Valledupar? High school student Sayaka Yamamoto enjoys gag comedy since she was a child. She decides to form a comedy duo with her friend Yui Yokoyama. They have been friends since middle school. They practice their skits diligently.  One day, at the comedy club in high school, pretty Miyuki Watanabe, who is a transfer student from Tokyo, joins their club. The X-Men face their most formidable and powerful foe when one of their own, Jean Grey, starts to spiral out of control. During a rescue mission in outer space, Jean is nearly killed when she's hit by a mysterious cosmic force. Once she returns home, this force not only makes her infinitely more powerful, but far more unstable. The X-Men must now band together to save her soul and battle aliens that want to use Grey's new abilities to rule the galaxy. The Keyboard Player is a portrait of Kristian Marius Andersen About a musical genius who broke free of his social heritage. A film about being different and a victim of bullying But also about finding a way out through music. A researcher for the CIA who convinces his superiors to send him to the eastern bloc in order to avenge the murder of his wife by enemy agents discovers a web of deception underneath his wife's death. 200 years after Chopin's birth, the Space Shuttle Endeavour, like a giant piano, took the music of Chopin into orbit.   This is a concert film filmed on the 1996 "Welcome to the Freak Show" tour in support of their 1995 album "Jesus Freak." Explores the music scene in Greenwich Village, New York in the 60's and early 70's. The film highlights some of the finest singer/songwriters of the day. Documentary following the band members of BUCK-TICK. Bonus DVD with an hour-long live performance, music videos, and behind-the-scenes footage. Five years after meeting her three fathers, Sophie Sheridan prepares to open her mother's hotel. In 1979, young Donna Sheridan meets the men who each could be Sophie's biological father. Even today there is still a certain resistance to recognizing the aesthetic revolution caused by Virus in the early eighties. The audacity of Federico Moura at the head of the La Plata's band exceeded the limits of rock and is still a source of art-pop knowledge. Imagenes Paganas explores that tension and rejection in times of dictatorship, a scourge that the Moura family paid with the disappearance of Federico's older brother. The documentary by Costantino inaugurates a time of historical reparation with Federico Moura as a warrior of modernity. Seattle DJ Marco Collins stars in this unflinching documentary about media fame and addiction, which tracks his rise, fall, and resurrection as an influential promoter of grunge, alternative rock, and electronic dance music. In March 2011 Japan was beset by a huge earthquake, a monstrous tsunami and the subsequent meltdown of the Fukushima nuclear plant. In the autumn of 2011, despite advice to the contrary, Aerosmith brought their Back On The Road tour to Japan, a country with which they'd always had a special relationship. The Japanese fans came out in their droves and Aerosmith responded with some of the finest gigs of their distinguished career. This film follows the band on that tour combining full length live tracks with behind the scenes footage which is at times touching and emotional and at others humorous and insightful. More than anything else it demonstrates the Japanese fans love affair with Aerosmith and their music. Theory of Obscurity tells the story of the renegade sound and video collective known as The Residents...a story that spans 40 years and is clouded in mystery. Many details surrounding the group are secret, including the identities of its members. They always perform wearing masks and costumes, which is part of their magic.  At its heart, this story is about perseverance and chasing your dream. The Residents never caved to convention. They never compromised. They've followed their muse for decades and thousands of fans have hung on for the ride. Along the way they've also inspired many people to be weird, take chances and find their own voice. For The Love of the Music : The Club 47 Folk Revival, is a documentary exploring the rich history of Club 47, the iconic Cambridge, Massachusetts folk music mecca from 1958-1968. The Bellas are back, and they are better than ever. After being humiliated in front of none other than the President of the United States of America, the Bellas are taken out of the Aca-Circuit. In order to clear their name, and regain their status, the Bellas take on a seemingly impossible task: winning an international competition no American team has ever won. In order to accomplish this monumental task, they need to strengthen the bonds of friendship and sisterhood and blow away the competition with their amazing aca-magic! With all new friends and old rivals tagging along for the trip, the Bellas can hopefully accomplish their dreams. The Ruckland University Men's Rugby team is comprised of an "Animal House" quality group of hooligans. Their recent success on the field has been overshadowed by the school's Athletic Director who plans on using the team's funds for his own endeavors. It is up to the boys to band together as a team to stop him from dissolving their program and ruining their chance at winning a league championship.From hardships, sprouts heroes. This lovable group of underdogs must look beyond the fun and games they have had in college and realize that they have found something much more than a rugby team, they found a family. Music is a drug without side effects. Since the age of six Robbie has been driven by music . After his mother died he has lived and breathed it. All that is snatched away when he is diagnosed with Parkinson's disease at 28. His problems spiral out of control as he struggles to find his new normal. Isolated by his condition and addicted to his medication Robbie is alone fighting poverty, pills and Parkinson's. Architect Charles Garnier's widow recounts her intimate past deep in the recesses of the velvet and gold Palais Garnier.  In the late 80's, the filmmaker shot with a group of punks who were struggling with the communist regime. 20 years later, she comes back and asks them how do they see life in Hungary before and after the fall of the Berlin wall? Their testimonies help us understand how the market economy has put the Hungarian population in an ambivalent situation. With a liberal left-wing dismantling the socialist heritage and a social right-wing reverting to nationalism, the traditional line between the Right and the Left has been blurred. What remains is an ideological confusion that we all have to face. A documentary on the life of Amy Winehouse, the immensely talented yet doomed songstress. We see her from her teen years, where she already showed her singing abilities, to her finding success and then her downward spiral into alcoholism and drugs. In the slums of Cairo, youth dancing to electro chaabi, new music that blends folk song, electro beats and freestyles chanted in the style of rap. The idea is to merge the sounds and styles so chaotic. One slogan mangling! Victim of corruption and social segregation, youth in neighborhoods exorcise partying. Release of body and a speech repressed transgression religious taboos: more than just a musical phenomenon, Electro Chaabi is a healthy outlet for youth oppressed by the prohibitions imposed. Film about the life of Russian practitioner of selection Ivan Vladimirovich Michurin (1855-1935). The film is based on Dovzhenko's play Life in Bloom. Landscape Tempos are audiovisual views (scenes, occurrences) that reflect the rhythm and tempo of isolated or single moments in urban and rural landscapes. An Acoustic Evening at the Vienna Opera House, was recorded at the historic Vienna Opera House July 2012 during a special two-week long unplugged tour, played to a limited audience over seven exclusive shows. Varying from his electric blues shows, this presentation was an all-acoustic concert performance, making it a unique and very special show fans had been waiting years to experience.  Produced by Kevin Shirley.  Source: Amazon.com - http://www.amazon.com/Acoustic-Evening-Vienna-Opera-Blu-ray/dp/B00B6S56X6 In this meta horror film, a demonic entity uses the fictional character of Freddy Krueger to enter the real world and torment "Elm Street" heroine Heather Langenkamp and her family. Director Augusto Contento renders a documentary portrait of Chicago's underground music scene during the 1990s, interviewing many of the era's stars. The city itself is an integral part of the story, strongly affecting the musicians who work there. In the sequel to Tim Burton's "Alice in Wonderland", Alice Kingsleigh returns to Underland and faces a new adventure in saving the Mad Hatter.  The definitive murder compilation A semi-fictionalized documentary about a day in the life of Australian musician Nick Cave's persona. Guns N' Roses live at The Joint at the Hard Rock Casino in Las Vegas on November 21, 2012, during the Appetite for Democracy tour in celebration of twenty-five years of Appetite for Destruction and four years of Chinese Democracy. Stories of violence, ghosts and death related by taxi drivers. Rubber Soul reconstructs portions of two historical interviews with John Lennon and Yoko Ono based on available transcripts and audio, juxtaposing them in order to explore the dynamic nature of Lennon's identity over time. Jack Hammond is sentenced to life in prison, but manages to escape. To get away from the police he takes a girl as hostage and drives off in her car. The girl happens to be the only daughter of one of the richest men in the state. In a while the car chase is being broadcast live on every TV-channel. An inside look at the American DIY punk culture and the Baltimore underground music scene through one of its most pivotal bands, Double Dagger. A stellar line-up of Scottish musicians, from Eugene Kelly and Emma Pollock to Withered Hand and Rachel Sermanni, feature in this beautiful collection of stories told in song, shot during the night in locations across Scotland from Sauchiehall Street to Scapa Flow. This is a snapshot of an entire nation at its most vulnerable and revealing, inspired by what takes place between the hours of midnight and 4am. This film is part of an ambitious multimedia and cross-genre project created by award-winning director Cora Bissett, acclaimed playwright David Greig and musicians Swimmer One. Bix the Bug is a DJ who comes into possession of a Teslascope -- Nikola Tesla's legendary invention, which he claims was capable of receiving signals from Extra Terrestrial worlds. A loner fresh out of rehab and hunted by both sides of the law returns home to solve the murder of his sister, and finds himself entangled in a game of revenge on the LA club circuit. After an accidental drug overdose, a talented teenage DJ goes to live with his estranged father in a small Army town, where he gets to the bottom of his own pain and learns empathy for others. It is normal to face challenges in love, career, and friendships when growing up. In this film, 13-year-old Tank meets 3 good friends Dean, Fai and Ian on the street one day by chance. They are all musically talented and the friendship grows because of a piano shop. Tan helps them to promote their piano shop and recruit classmates at his school, but is discovered by his teacher and the school discipline master... Nevertheless, the four keep trying to make a success of the business. In the meantime, Dean is mourning his lost love and regrets what he did; Fai is bitter because his talents go underappreciated. They all have their own problems and life is not happy. Then they meet a musically talented air-conditioner technician. Seeing how a shy boy made a success of his job, their attitude begins to change. Tank understands and wants to be grown up and ask his dream girl to be his girlfriend one day. WAR OF WORDS is an energizing, controversial and inspiring feature documentary that lifts the lid on the fast growing UK Battle Rap scene. The documentary is an examination of an exciting subculture of youth in the UK today; their creativity and work ethic, their passion for language and ability to control their own destiny. It investigates freedom of expression and respect for other cultures and lifestyles. While the language is often harsh and unflinching, the 'anything goes' philosophy of the battle arena results in one of the most harmonious and creative scenes in youth culture. The film is a truly entertaining expose on how the UK has embraced this American art form, creating one of the most exciting youth subcultures happening right now. Focuses on children and young adults from disadvantaged communities that learn to play an instrument. Through this learning process, they overcome limitations and assert themselves. This program serves as a prevention tool. The stories of these kids will take us on their personal journey and everyday struggle while they prepare for the big concert. This movie talks about the genius high school student Jang-ho who dreams of becoming the next Pavaroti although he is part of a gang and Sang-jin, currently a countryside art school music teacher but once a highlighted vocal singer. The libretto is by Mussorgsky himself and takes the eponymous "romantic tragedy" by the celebrated Russian poet Alexander Pushkin as its starting point. Boris Godunov is Mussorgsky's masterpiece and his only complete opera. It's a vast sprawling tapestry of Russian life, which centres on the Russian people - represented in the opera by a large and powerful chorus - rather than on the title figure. The staging was produced at the Gran Teatre del Liceu in Barcelona and is based on the original version of the score. A musical journey to the roots and meaning of happiness, time and money.  La Scala went all out for its 1986 production of this grandest of grand operas, with a strong cast and, most important for a video recording, a larger-than-life staging. The Triumph Scene in Act II is by no means Aida's only attraction, but it is the part that makes the strongest and most lasting impression and it is the visual and musical climax of this production. Stage director Luca Ronconi brings on a procession to dwarf all processions: looted treasures, heroic statuary, miserable captives struggling under the lash of whip-bearing slave drivers. On par with these visuals is Lorin Maazel's first-class performance of the popular Grand March with the outstanding La Scala chorus and orchestra. In Act III, the contrasting tranquility of the Nile Scene also gets a visual treatment to match the music's qualities. A la poursuite du bonheur Tour - Live a Bercy sometimes abbreviated as ALPDBT is a live album by French singer M. Pokora and a surprising number one for any live album at the top of the SNEP French albums chart. The tour was based mostly on M. Pokora's most recent album A la poursuite du bonheur that had made it to number 2 on the French Albums Chart. Ana and Leo, are marked since childhood by a sudden event: the suicide of their father. Separately, they take life as they can, without removing the feeling that anything can become as disposable as plastic. In the late 1980s, the Belgian electronic New Beat music movement conquered dance floors worldwide, and all of a sudden Belgium was on the map. This eclectic predecessor of house music appeared to materialize out of nothing, but according to the makers of The Sound of Belgium, it was the product of a historical search for identity that apparently went back to the Battle of Waterloo and the aftermath of the First World War. This 3-D film chronicles the love, community, and life of festival-goers during Electric Daisy Carnival Las Vegas, the largest music festival in the U.S. Behind-the-scenes footage and exclusive interviews with Insomniac's Pasquale Rotella reveal the magic that makes this three-night, 345,000-person event a global phenomenon. Young wannabe musicians from the province decide to write hit song and gain the top of the charts in order to become legends of disco polo Johnny Thunders was the legendary hard-living rock'n'roll guitarist who inspired glam-metal, punk and the music scene in general. 'Looking For Johnny' is a 90-minute film that documents Thunders' career from his beginnings to his tragic death in 1991.  The film examines Johnny Thunders' career from the early 70's as a founding member of the influential New York Dolls; the birth of the punk scene with The Heartbreakers in New York City and London; Gang War and The Oddballs. It also explores Johnny's unique musical style, his personal battle with drugs and theories on his death in a New Orleans hotel in 1991 at age 38. The film includes forty songs with historic film of Johnny, including unseen New York Dolls and Heartbreakers footage and photos. Cult filmmakers Bob Gruen, Don Letts, Patrick Grandperret, Rachael Amadeo and others contribute classic archive footage. Following the Sunnyboys' enigmatic frontman Jeremy Oxley from the band's origins, breakthrough success and his subsequent 30-year battle with schizophrenia, The Sunnyboy is one man's inspired story of survival and hope.  A meditation on a condition often stigmatised and misunderstood, Kaye Harrison's documentary buries below the surface of Oxley's public "identity" to explore his own reality and battle to maintain "self". Secure in a loving relationship with his partner Mary, Oxley slowly emerges from his solitary torment to join the world we all share.  The film follows him as he tentatively unpicks his confused thoughts and feelings about the past with his brother Peter. From his struggle with the physical effects of years spent self-medicating to his hopeful contemplation of a married future and a daring return to the stage, The Sunnyboy is the definitive documentary of Jeremy Oxley's journey from the Sunnyboys and back. The story of Alex, a 16 year old teenager living with his grandma.He has various plans for the summer: writing a new song with his rock band, finding a job and having his first sexual experience. He also becomes aware that his grandma is increasingly dependent on him. As summer draws on, Alex realizes that things are going to change forever and that he will have to grow up and learn to say goodbye. An open-air staging by Aldeburgh Music of Benjamin Britten's Peter Grimes, on the beach that inspired the opera. A small seaside community struggles to accept a fisherman. The hilarious and bizarre story of Frank Sidebottom, the cult British comedian in a papier mache head, and the secretive life of Chris Sievey, the artist trapped inside. Annabelle, lead singer for the band Talegunner (Clear For Takeoff), is trying to be a success in show business. Annabelle meets a sleazy producer, Antonio, who promises an appearance on Fred Mulligan's TV show if she will go solo. Annabelle becomes infatuated with Antonio. He decides to take advantage of her. Jealous boyfriend, Nick, hires detective Candy West to find out if Antonio is on the level. Meanwhile, a visitor from another planet is captivated by the rock & roll. The Highs and Lows of Entertainment are explored in this fast-paced comedy. The February 21, 2013 , Santos was presented at Premio Lo Nuestro where he performed his single " Take me with you " 12 February 25, 2013 was presented at the Vina del Mar Festival including " Take me with you " in the list of songs from her presentation On January 30, 1970 The Warehouse opened its doors in New Orleans to thousands of fans to see The Flock, Fleetwood Mac, and The Grateful Dead. In the ensuing 12 years some of the greatest musicians would grace this stage, including The Allman Brothers, Bob Dylan, The Doors, Pink Floyd, The Who, Bob Marley, David Bowie, and more. This documentary captures the magic of this iconic rock music venue. In the macho world of Mariachi music, very few women can hold their own. Just like the songs they play, this film is a snapshot of life, death and the things in between - seen from a bird's-eye perspective. Young members of 3 New Orleans school marching bands grow up in America's most musical city, and one of its most dangerous. Their band directors get them ready to perform in the Mardi Gras parades, and teach them to succeed and to survive. 25 years ago, Louis Sarno, an American, heard a song on the radio and followed its melody into the Central Africa Jungle and stayed. He than recorded over 1000 hours of original BaAka music. Now he is part of the BaAka community and raises his pygmy son, Samedi. Fulfilling an old promise, Louis takes Samedi to America. On this journey Louis realizes he is not part of this globalized world anymore but globalization has also arrived in the rainforest. The BaAka depend on Louis for their survival. Father and son return to the melodies of the jungle but the question remains: How much longer will the songs of the forest be heard? In the future, Utopia has finally been achieved thanks to medical nanotechnology and a powerful ethic of social welfare and mutual consideration. This perfect world isn't that perfect though, and three young girls stand up to totalitarian kindness and super-medicine by attempting suicide via starvation. It doesn't work, but one of the girls--Tuan Kirie--grows up to be a member of the World Health Organization. As a crisis threatens the harmony of the new world, Tuan rediscovers another member of her suicide pact, and together they must help save the planet...from itself. Paulo Coelho is the world's most translated living author, his books having sold over 165 million copies. But he was not always the inspirational global phenomenon he is today. Like the heroes in his spiritual classics THE ALCHEMIST and THE PILGRIMAGE, he long-searched for his calling, flirting with death, escaping madness, falling in love, and making rock 'n' roll history in Brazil, all-the-while striving for success as a writer. A wild ride through a lifetime of stranger-than-fiction adventures, PAULO COELHO'S BEST STORY is a profoundly moving film that goes straight to the heart of the most beloved literary guru of our time, revealing the most incredible wonder of all: the man behind the masterpieces.  A secret love affair between a southern Baptist preacher and a young drifter challenges the equilibrium of a growing church. When Marvin Hamlisch passed away in August 2012 the worlds of music, theatre and cinema lost a talent the likes of which we may never see again. Seemingly destined for greatness, Hamlisch was accepted into New York's Juilliard School as a 6-year-old musical prodigy and rapidly developed into a phenomenon. With instantly classic hits 'The Way We Were' and 'Nobody Does It Better' and scores for Hollywood films such as The Swimmer, The Sting and Sophie's Choice and the Broadway juggernaut A Chorus Line; Hamlisch became the go-to composer for film and Broadway producers and a prominent presence on the international Concert Hall circuit. His streak was staggering, vast, unprecedented and glorious, by the age of 31 Hamlisch had won 4 Grammys, an Emmy, 3 Oscars, a Tony and a Pulitzer prize: success that burned so bright, it proved impossible to match. "I love you Renato" is a film about freedom and love in the lost 90s. The story takes place within the state of Rio in the historic city of Valenca. The year is 1996, the year that marks the end of the famous Coca-Cola generation, the death of the typewriter and handwritten letters. Beto, Adriana and Andre embark on a journey of discovery, music and desire, until their lives and an entire generation is changed forever! Set on the Thames estuary, romance blossoms for a young couple. DANCE-OFF is a tongue-in-cheek family comedy set in the world of competition dancing starring talented dancers and choreographers from TV's "So You Think You Can Dance!" Two rival studios pick their stars Jasmine  and Brandon  to compete against each other for a $25,000 prize. Jasmine and Brandon have history. They were dance partners and mutual crushes as children. But Brandon quickly moved away not allowed to say goodbye to the heartbroken Jasmine. Luckily, both kept up their dancing. Years later Jasmine shines at the well-funded Diamond Dance Studios and deals with her crazy "dance mom" Jo-Ann . Brandon leads rival Shockwave Studio that desperately needs the $25,000 to stop it from closing. Unable to deny their feelings and both wanting to win, the star-crossed lovers feel pressure from Jo-Ann, competition owner Mary , and her son JT to triumph at all costs. How can they compete against the person they love? Niall Horan, Zayn Malik, Liam Payne, Harry Styles, and Louis Tomlinson are the members of One Direction and they have grown into one of the hottest music groups on the Planet. Follow their journey from X-Factor to world domination through the hearts of every young fan, earning the respect of peers and music legends alike. "When I do my suicide for you, I hope you'll miss me too," Herman Brood sang in "Rock 'n' Roll Junkie" - just one of many announcements of his own death Brood worked into his songs. It's a subject Brood, who jumped off the roof of the Amsterdam Hilton 15 years ago, often sang about. In Unknown Brood, a whole range of people look back on the rock and roller's turbulent life, including fellow musicians, his manager, a former girlfriend, photographer Anton Corbijn, Brood's wife and their daughter. Video footage shot by Brood himself and never seen before is intercut with a rich collection of archive material, including a humorous clip of Brood barking the Dutch national anthem. His sister Beppie Brood stresses her brother's split personality: on the one hand the shy, vulnerable man wary of other people, and on the other the one who played Herman Brood - an extravagant, hedonistic junkie and rock and roll star. In a remarkable turn of events, the result of the presidential election comes down to one man's vote.  A musical tour film of the Middle East featuring Black Lips &amp; Lazzy Lung. In the changing political climate of South Africa a revolution is taking place as artists, musicians and designers tackle issues of politics, race and history. This newest film by director Petter Ringbom follows some of the most recognized artists in South Africa today, exploring what it means to live and work in the new democracy. Artist Brett Murray's painted caricature of South African president Jacob Zuma results in a lawsuit and death threats. Photographer and activist Zanele Muholi's work exposes hate crimes in the LGBT community. The Smarteez design collective creates international styles while running a free after-school program for kids. Musician Xander Ferreira of Gazelle parades on stage as a character based on an archetypal African dictator. Shield and Spear presents intimate stories about the artists, art, music, identity, race and freedom of expression in South Africa 20 years into democracy. Drawn from a never before seen cache of personal footage spanning decades, this is an intimate portrait of the Sri Lankan artist and musician who continues to shatter conventions. Based on the best-selling novel by Alessandro Baricco, this visually stunning film tells the story of a French trader who finds unexpected love far away from home. Legendary music photographer Mick Rock is best known for his iconic photographs of David Bowie, Lou Reed, Iggy Pop, Queen, and countless others. In a documentary as rock-n-roll as its subject, Mick Rock guides us through his psychedelic, shambolic first-hand experiences as the visual record-keeper of these myths and legends. In 2004 Rick Finkelstein was paralyzed in a ski accident on Aspen Mountain. Six years and nine surgeries later, cameras captured his dramatic return to Aspen. How a South Pacific love song touched hearts around the world. Dr. Alvaro Cruz, a neuroscientist, disillusioned by the death of his mother and his inability to help her, finds redemption and reward by helping Una Vida, a jazz singer he discovers performing on the streets of New Orleans. Her health declining and her singing partner and her adopted daughter unable to help, Cruz seeks out her long lost son in an effort to bring resolution to the grief, loss and longing that has overshadowed her hard but beautiful life. Ahead of Weronika, an outstanding graduate of Warsaw Ballet School, lies the prospect of an international career. It turns out that talent, dedication and hard work are not always a guarantee to success. Sometimes one bad moment wipes out all the plans. However, Weronika isn't one to give up easily. Filmed on November 9th, 2010 at the historic Orpheum Theater in Memphis, TN, this stunning show captures Styx performing their classic multi-platinum seventies albums The Grand Illusion and Pieces Of Eight live in their entirety for the first time. These iconic albums established Styx as a globally successful rock band and defined the AOR genre for a generation of Americans. These new live performances perfectly portray the power, songwriting skill and musical virtuosity that are synonymous with Styx throughout their career and with these groundbreaking albums in particular. / Bonus Features: Putting On The Show an in-depth look at the people and equipment required to stage this epic concert. / Line-up: James J.Y. Young (vocals, guitars, keyboards); Tommy Shaw (vocals, guitars); Todd Sucherman (drums); Lawrence Gowan (vocals, keyboards); Ricky Phillips (bass, backing vocals) &amp; Chuck Panozzo (bass guitar). documentary - Go beyond the music to learn what it took for Justin Bieber, a boy from small town with a passion for music, to dominate the pop charts around the world. Framed in the 1940s for the double murder of his wife and her lover, upstanding banker Andy Dufresne begins a new life at the Shawshank prison, where he puts his accounting skills to work for an amoral warden. During his long stretch in prison, Dufresne comes to be admired by the other inmates -- including an older prisoner named Red -- for his integrity and unquenchable sense of hope. No other place in the world has a romance with American bluegrass like the Czech Republic. Banjo Romantika introduces the musicians who play this unique bluegrass hybrid. Czechs first heard bluegrass during World War II when the Armed Forces Network broadcast American music for soldiers. The music represented freedom to dissatisfied Czechs living in a communist state. Czechs' love for the music was solidified when Pete Seeger visited and performed in 1964. Inspired by classic American bluegrass sounds, an assortment of musicians from across the formerly communist Czech Republic have melded the past, the political and the present into a lively musical tradition entirely its own. An odyssey across the places of origin of Western civilization: Greece, subsumed by economic crisis; where the mind, the soul, and the music of its people lie, specially the Rebetes, the Rebetiko singers, considered as the Hellenic equivalent to blues; this music against the establishment was born among refugees who arrived to Greece from Asia Minor and proliferated in poor urban neighborhoods. In the journey of composer and musician Vinicio Capossela through the taverns of Athens and Thessalonica, this film records his music, his wandering life, and his travel journal, revealing at the same time the collective scars the crisis has left in a place where everything seems to have lost its value. On their 2010 tour, an International Pop Star and band mates mysteriously disappear. As past and present merge, they find themselves searching for answers and fighting for more than just their own lives when a concealed industry is revealed. A personal, accessible look at an artist - Kevin Barnes, frontman of the endlessly versatile indie pop band of Montreal - whose pursuit to make transcendent music at all costs drives him to value art over human relationships. As he struggles with all of those around him, family and bandmates alike, he's forced to reconsider the future of the band, begging the question - is this really worth it? Supermensch documents the astounding career of Hollywood insider, the loveable Shep Gordon, who fell into music management by chance after moving to LA straight out of college, and befriending Janis Joplin, Jim Morrison and Jimi Hendrix. Shep managed rock stars such as Pink Floyd, Luther Vandross, Teddy Pendergrass and Alice Cooper, and later went on to manage chefs such as Emeril Lagasse, ushering in the era of celebrity chefs on television. A group of teenagers board a bus for West Virginia, leaving the streets of Washington, DC to participate in an ambitious peace education program. One of Jeff Keen's diary films. Keen made many diary films with his daughter, wife and friends in the late 60s and 70s. These were edited in camera and used multiple exposures. They would then be projected in various combinations though usually as a four-screen. "The Language of the Unknown" accompanies the great saxophonist and his band with a concert on November 3, 2012 in the Salle Pleyel in Paris, and observes the effect of the music on its creators, who are normally much too busy with creating the new than to deal with music already played. What do you do when your best friend dies doing something you both love? Paddle To The Ocean is a documentary film about using a banjo, a kayak and a bicycle to recover from Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder. In 2011, Zac Crouse (musician, recreation therapist and expedition kayaker) toured his album 'You Plan To Do Nothing' from Ottawa ON to Halifax NS using only a sea kayak and a bicycle. It was a journey Zac had intended to do with his friend Corey; who sadly passed away while on a kayaking adventure with Zac in Nova Scotia. Paddle To The Ocean is a tribute to Zac's friend, but it also examines the stigma associated with mental illness while demonstrating the benefits of physical activity and music. The true story of Chong Kim--abducted into the sex trade as a young teen--and the complicated moral choices she had to make in order to survive as her situation grew more desperate. Documentary about Jimmy Carl Black, the legendary drummer of Frank Zappa's "Mothers of Invention". He later lived in a small Bavarian village. The filmmakers followed his last two years of living and drumming and made a film about sex, drugs, Rock'n'Roll and no old age support. Ex-inmate and wandering musician Jake travels to a small town in Arkansas intent on exacting revenge from his father, but begins to unravel a complicated family history as he befriends the locals. Akira Tachibana is a 17-year-old high school student. She was once a promising athlete, but an injury has prevented her from taking part in track and field. One day, Akira Tachibana goes to a family restaurant and the manager talks to her in a tender voice. This makes Akira Tachibana begin working part-time at the restaurant. The manager is 45-year-old Masami Kondo and he is divorced with a child. Akira Tachibana falls in love with him. --asianwiki Rumba Clave Blen Blen Blen is a song of praise to the musical genre of rumba in New York City. It reveals the vibrant Afro-Cuban culture of the city. In addition, the film unravels the African and Andalusian origins of rumba and follows ordinary people and famous musicians through the dances, drums, and clave rhythm of the genre. The film is a poem of color and music, bringing to the surface the symbolic religious cosmogonies of Bantu, Abakua, Yoruba and Arara traditions that have nourished it. By paying homage to the grand masters of the genre, such as Chano Pozo and his collaborations with Dizzy Gillespie, Rumba Blen Blen Blen is a historical journey that traces the history of rumba in New York through the words and music of scholars, producers, artists and renowned musicians who continue to practice it today. Lee Scratch Perry's Vision of Paradise is a unique project in many ways. It is the life story of the legendary musician, but it is not a biography, it is a fairytale documentary! The director followed Lee Perry for thirteen years and discovered an unbelievable story, a revelation, told about and with one of the major protagonists of contemporary music, the other half of the story that has never been told. The movie can be seen as a guide for how to change the world with music, with a positive attitude, mindset or, as Lee Perry calls it, vibration. A struggling musician becomes a 12-year-old musical prodigy's guardian for a summer. 13 year old Samantha and her 6 year old brother, William Paul, survive a major tragedy that sees their whole family dead, leaving them in a foster home. Life at the foster home slowly becomes abusive and the kids run away and attempt to survive on their own in some abandoned structures in the woods. When the food and supplies run out, Samantha is forced to find a way to feed her brother. She turns to her musical abilities, while finding help from a mysterious source. William Paul falls ill and the clock begins ticking for Samantha to find food and medicine. Will she find it in time? A boat has many powers: to gather a society in its making, to distribute goods, to carry people and ideas across places that, it seems to us, are more different than ever before. From Gulf to Gulf to Gulf is a result of four years of dialogue, friendship and exchange between CAMP and a group of sailors from the Gulf of Kutch. Their travels and those of co-seafarers from Sindh, Baluchistan, and Southern Iran through the gulfs of Persia and Aden show us a world cut into many pieces, not easily bridged by nostalgics or nationalists. Instead, we follow the physical crossings made by these groups of people who make and sail wooden boats and who also make videos, sometimes with songs married to them. Gabriell is a single mother, her 17-year-old daughter Claire is pregnant, however the child's father Simon has no desire to be involved with his future baby. When Gabrielle takes matters into her own hands and asks Simon's father Ange for help, an unexpected relationship begins. Kickstarted is a documentary about the crowdfunding revolution. It follows the journeys of three passionate creators: a musician with debilitating disease, a never-say-die filmmaker, and a pair of hopeful inventors, all of whom turn to the crowd in order to fund their dreams. On the path to Kickstarter success, they all find out that bringing your project to life requires a lot more than money from the crowd. "Made entirely of Scottish film archive, a journey into our collective past, the film explores universal themes of love, loss, resistance, migration, work and play. Ordinary people, some long since dead, their names and identities largely forgotten, appear shimmering from the depth of the vaults to take a starring role.  Brilliantly edited together, these silent individuals become composite characters, who emerge to tell us their stories, given voice by King Creosote's poetic music and lyrics."  BBC Four website A family moves into a secluded mansion where they soon find themselves being targeted by an entity taking the form of a giant spider. Stories of break dancers from conflicted "third- world" communities around the globe who, although separated by cultural boundaries and individual struggles, are intrinsically tied to one another through their passion for dance and hip-hop culture. In the feature documentary, Summer 82 - When Zappa Came to Sicily, filmmaker and Zappa fan Salvo Cuccia tells the behind-the-scenes story of Frank Zappa's star-crossed concert in Palermo, Sicily, the wrap-up to a European tour that ended in public disturbances and police intervention. Cuccia had a ticket to the concert but never made it.  Thirty years later, collaborating with Zappa's family, he re-creates the events through a combination of rare concert and backstage footage; photographs; anecdotes from family, band members, and concertgoers; and insights from Zappa biographer and friend Massimo Bassoli. The story is also a personal one, as Cuccia interweaves the story of Zappa's trip to Sicily with his own memories from that summer. Noni Jean is a hot new rising star. But not all is what it seems, and the pressure causes Noni to nearly fall apart - until she meets Kaz Nicol, a promising young cop and aspiring politician who's been assigned to her detail. Can Kaz's love give Noni the courage to find her own voice and break free to become the artist she was meant to be? Footage from their sold out show at The LC in Columbus, Ohio. It was filmed on Friday, April 26th in front of over 5,000 fans in the band's hometown. Biopic of Brazilian singer Tim Maia, from his childhood in Rio de Janeiro until his death at age 55, including his passage by the US, where he discovers a new style of music and is arrested for theft and drug possession.  A film that investigates how, out of friendship and a shared passion, one of the most respected electronic music festivals in Europe could grow in the middle of the East German backwoods. A camera crew catches up with David Brent, the former star of the fictional British series, "The Office" as he now fancies himself a rockstar on the road. A struggling Gujarati businessman ventures into the world of China where he gets a brilliant business idea that could change his life forever. An artist portrait about the Cuban born singer, dancer, and entertainer Joaquin La Habana. Androgynous and bisexual, this voice acrobat brings both women and men convincingly to the stage and into film. He had to fight for his artistic way but always stayed true to himself. In this documentary, with the now 60 years old artist, we look back into his life and career from the 1970's and 1980's New York with its provocative underground scene. Impressive material from that time and from the group he performed with the the famous Studio 54 lead us to the life he lives now in Berlin. A very personal film and a contemporary document. Towards the end of the 90's two singers, a dancer, and a novel music producer find themselves in a hard personal and professional battle where the main thing is to be the best at trying to fulfill their dreams. Although its internal conflicts will take them to the depths of the urban world of music and dance today called reggaeton, they will unite their talents to achieve their goals. Inspired by the history of a genre full of conflicts. A restaurant owner falls in love with an opera singer and, desperate to impress her, travels to Italy to learn how to sing.  A look at the parallels between DJing and Music Therapy. A man with a split personality fools his small town into believing his two alter egos are man and wife, although a struggling young mother holds the key to his past and sparks a battle between the personalities. When the mysterious band The Dryads moves into the crumbling old house next door, Hilde suddenly finds excitement in her dull suburban life. She falls under the spell of the band's charismatic singer, only to learn that being cool has a price. Music/Musical - Jimmy Cliff is one of the founding fathers of reggae music, setting the soulful standards to which countless other reggae musicians have aspired throughout the years. This street-level documentary traces Cliff's roots back to Kingston, Jamaica, offering personal tours of his old stomping grounds. The film shadows Justin Peck, wunderkind choreographer of the New York City Ballet, as he undertakes the Herculean task of creating the company's 422nd original piece. Following the creative process from its embryonic stages to its highly anticipated premiere, BALLET 422 is a powerful celebration of the skill and endurance of New York's most talented dancers--as well as those who remain hidden in the wings. A washed-up music producer finds one last shot at redemption with a golden-voiced young girl in Afghanistan. However, when jealousy gets the better of a disgruntled ex-boyfriend, he decides to oppose the young star with talent of his own. Rene, coach Marching Band from Jakarta, decided to move to Bontang - East Kalimantan in order to train there. He thought, duties and burdens as a coach will be the same as usual. Apparently, Rene wrong. He was dealing with 130 members, 130 of doubt. Rene wanted to teach them to fly when they feel they have no wings. Gravity was shot on a quiet fall afternoon and provides empirical evidence of the instantaneous propagation of gravity and our world's drag on foreign bodies. Set against the tragic transmissions of Soviet cosmonauts, it's a short study of humanity's persistent self-sacrifice for the sake of scientific 'progress'. A Memphis music documentary featuring maverick Bluff City DIY musicians from 1978 to present day. The film documents the fact that Memphis music never stopped; even after Stax Records closed, Elvis died, and the music industry left town. This documentary feature pulls back the curtain on the world of 'working class' rappers. The film spotlights independent artists struggling to find a balance between making a living and pursuing their art alongside the never-ending saga of age and relevance. Weaved together through a series of 30 plus interviews that are devoid of the ego so common in the business of music, especially hip-hop, the film traverses the country (USA) to explore the myths and misconceptions of life as a full-time rapper.  Noel Gallagher and his band (High Flying Birds) live at the Zentih in Paris. What would you do if you had only one year to live? Follow award-winning Asian American author and avante garde jazz composer Fred Ho on an unbelievable year as he fights cancer, leads orchestras, holds talks, leads protests, publishes books, and even produces his magnum opus: an elaborate, manga-inspired samurai opera on a New York stage. Lionel Essrog, a private detective living with Tourette syndrome, ventures to solve the murder of his mentor and best friend -- a mystery that carries him from the gin-soaked jazz clubs of Harlem to the slums of Brooklyn to the gilded halls of New York's power brokers. Atlanta's finest, Blackberry Smoke, have been tearing up Europe for the past few months after their breakthrough album, "The Whippoorwill", finally received it's own European release. With a string of sold out shows and the album hitting the top 30 in the UK Album Charts, it seems that the only way is up for the hottest southern rock band around.  Now the band's incredibly energetic live performances have been captured in this fantastic 2CD + DVD set. With 22 tracks spread across two CDs, including the previously unreleased song 'Payback's A Bitch", this 100+ minute long set was recorded live in North Carolina and is the perfect chance to prepare for their forthcoming European tour later this year. In this invigorating, music-filled drama, young Cuban dancers struggle to achieve fame and fortune on the world stage. Travel on a tropical journey from the birth of Jamaica's music to the end of the island's innocence. Without Ska, there is no Reggae. A true Canadian iconoclast, acclaimed transgender country/electro-pop artist Rae Spoon revisits the stretches of rural Alberta that once constituted "home" and confronts memories of growing up queer in an abusive, evangelical household. When 50-year-old Milena finds out about the terrible past of her seemingly ideal husband, while simultaneously learning of her own cancer diagnosis, she begins an awakening from the suburban paradise she has been living in. Live performance by English indie band Foals. Filmed at the Royal Albert Hall in London, the band perform a selection of tracks from throughout their career including 'Spanish Sahara', 'Inhaler', 'My Number' and 'Late Night'. Adapted from Rabindranath Tagore's famous romantic novella, Shesher Kobita, Picnic tells the timeless story of three people from different worlds who come together at a resort. Picnic is the journey of two of these people who find each other, discover romance and come together to experience love beyond love. With help from his guitars, comedian Nick Thune regales the audience of Brooklyn's Bell Theatre with a collection of hilarious stories about his childhood, his past romantic relationships and his experience with a burning building. The life and trials of You Tianming, a young suona apprentice who forms his own suona troupe at a time when the traditions of suona music are declining in Chinese society. This is a behind the scenes from the making of Endank Soekamti's 5th album Angka 8.  Endank Soekamti was carantined 30 days during this recording session Through an oral history format of in-depth interviews and archival footage, RIOT ON THE DANCE FLOOR bring to life the gritty story of City Gardens, one of New Jersey's most infamous clubs and its larger than life promoter, Randy Now. Featuring the stark and iconic photography of Thrasher Magazine's Ken Salerno, the film chronicles the rise of several different music scenes in a venue for underground music that traversed the entertainment spectrum; from the comedy of Henny Youngman to Nine Inch Nails, New Order to Nirvana. It is the story of musical champions, underdogs and how hoards of misfit kids found an unlikely home and above all, the freedom and liberation of having complete creative control. - IFF Boston Will Play for Beer is a documentary about the independent music and arts scene in Seattle, WA. The film focuses on the uniqueness of the scene, and the passion that the artists have for creating original and impactful work amidst an ever changing music industry. These musicians and artists have the kind of dedication that puts art before money and they have created a family that supports one another rather than compete with each other. It is this passion, cooperation, and originality that has become a trademark of the Seattle music and arts scene. Emerging from the Detroit music scene of the 1970s in a flurry of long hair and sequins, Alice Cooper restored hard rock with a sense of showmanship, while simultaneously striking fear into the hearts of Middle America with the chicken-slaughtering, dead-baby-eating theatrics that would cement his identity as a glam metal icon. Meticulously crafted from rare archival footage, Super Duper Alice Cooper tells the story of the man behind the makeup, Vincent Furnier, the son of a preacher, who got caught in the grip of his own monster. The tradition of the Irish pub. Speaking to pub owners all over Ireland, Alex Fegan gets into the heart of what makes "the Irish pub" the institution that it is. In May of 2004, Gretchen Wilson celebrated the release of her record setting Here For The Party album with several hundred of her closest friends at the famous St. Louis Pageant Theatre. On October 15, 2013 Gretchen returned to The Pageant to perform the groundbreaking album in its entirety for the first time. The one-night-only event was recorded for a live STILL Here For The Party BLURAY/DVD and AUDIO CD release to commemorate the albums 10-year Anniversary. Filmed in HD, multi-track audio recorded, this project contains 2 bonus tracks. This concert contains priceless interviews and outtakes from label presidents, managers, and several others who were there for Gretchen's explosion onto the music scene. What do Frank Zappa, Devin Townsend, and Fredrik Thordendal of Meshuggah have in common? They all re-invented rock music, and they all selected Morgan as their drummer. Yet his 'intentionally broken' and complex drumming makes most musicians plug their ears, go home and practice, or just quit. Praised only by the enlightened few, this 45-year-old husband and humble father remains unknown to popular music listeners. But why? Watch this 2-hour documentary as Morgan visits L.A. in search of an answer to his continuing conundrum: 'The Music or The Money?' Special Guest Appearances by Mats Oberg, Devin Townsend, Marco Minnemann, Mike Keneally, Dweezil Zappa, Tosin Abasi, Thomas Lang, Danny Carey, Brendon Small, Dave Elitch, Simon Phillips, Joe Travers, Raanen Bozzio, Daedelus And Others. The Rolling Stones historic and triumphant return to Hyde Park was without doubt the event of the summer. Over 100,000 delirious fans of all ages packed into the park for two spectacular outdoor concerts to watch Mick Jagger, Keith Richards, Charlie Watts and Ronnie Wood do what they do best. The Stones delivered a five star performance that had both fans and critics singing their praises. The set packed in hit after hit and saw the band joined by former guitarist Mick Taylor for a special guest appearance on two songs. This stunning concert film is the perfect way to celebrate the return of The Rolling Stones back where they truly belong: live on stage in their hometown. In this raw and heart-felt documentary, one busker turned filmmaker takes us inside the world of street musicians. Filmed over the course of three years, five talented artists bare all as they cope with "making it" in a society driven relentlessly by the allure of fame. While some dream of more, others are resigned to life on the street - and even embrace it. The Good Samaritan tells the most touching parable that Jesus ever taught. The story begins with the lawyer's trick question, "What is the greatest commandment?" As Jesus answers with the story of the robbers, the Rabbi, the Levite and the wounded traveler becomes real. Imagine the traveler's emotion as his own countrymen pass by while his enemy, a Samaritan, stops to help him. Jesus teaches us to love and serve one another no matter how we differ. Documentary about a boy who was severely burned at age 7. A documentary on the creation of songs, told by songwriters. It follows the journey of their minds, also via metaphoric representations (a flower in the desert, a dance choreography). The mix of diverse but unified forms of art joins the songwriters storytelling with music from live performances as the leading sound of this documentary. Charlie quits his job to move home to manage his hometown rock band. His supportive girlfriend shares his love for the band, until struggles within the band force them to make choices that will impact their lives forever. Deep City is an inspirational story that explores the early days of soul music in South Florida, the pioneers of that era and their lasting contributions to the broader American musical landscape. In pursuit of his love of extreme dance, Ken (Joey Beni) wanders the globe and makes his to Okinawa, Japan. There, Ken meets Iwao Shinjo (Masahiro Aragaki) who is a master of the Ryukyu Classical Dance. Ken learns the steps for Ryukyu Classical Dance, which itself secretly holds the techniques for Ryukyu Karate. Dans une ile imaginaire perdue en Mer Egee, aux temps tres lointains d'avant Homere, Minor, mi-homme mi-cochon, orphelin et muet, file des jours tranquilles dans la douce tiedeur de la porcherie en compagnie de sa bonne amie la Truie. Au cours d'une escapade en foret mythologique, il fait la rencontre d'un des personnages les plus influents de son epoque, le Dieu Pan - alias Satyre, qui l'initie a sa maniere de bouc aux imprevus du paganisme. Shapeshifting between stardom and anonymity, an unhinged musician navigates a hyperreal combination of live action and animation daydreams in a struggle to release his first album.  Pulp found fame on the world stage in the 1990s with anthems including 'Common People' and 'Disco 2000'. 25 years (and 10 million album sales) later, they return to Sheffield for their last UK concert. Giving a career-best performance exclusive to the film, the band members share their thoughts on fame, love, mortality -- &amp; car maintenance. Director Florian Habicht (Love Story) weaves together the band's personal offerings with dream-like specially-staged tableaux featuring ordinary people recruited on the streets of Sheffield. Pulp is a music film like no other -- by turns funny, moving, life-affirming &amp; (occasionally) bewildering. A feature-length documentary, Kvadrat explores the realities of techno DJing, using the example of Andrey PUSHKAREV, a Russian DJ recognized worldwide. Filmed as a hybrid between a road-movie and a music video, the film not only illustrates the festive atmosphere of techno night clubs, but also reveals the lesser known side of this profession: weeks of track selection, lengthy travel, difficult schedule. The film suggests to reconsider the stereotype of a popular musician, to find out whether the artist is happy, to ponder what's most important to him and his audience? Shot in Switzerland, France, Hungary, Romania and Russia, the film omits the typical documentary elements: no interviews, no explanatory voice-over, no facts, no figures. The visuals and the techno music replace them, leaving the detailed interpretation to the viewer. An account of the days of First Lady, Jacqueline Kennedy, in the immediate aftermath of John F. Kennedy's assassination in 1963. Established in 1960, Tower Records was once a retail powerhouse with two hundred stores, in thirty countries, on five continents. From humble beginnings in a small-town drugstore, Tower Records eventually became the heart and soul of the music world, and a powerful force in the music industry. In 1999, Tower Records made $1 billion. In 2006, the company filed for bankruptcy. What went wrong? Everyone thinks they know what killed Tower Records: The Internet. But that's not the story. All Things Must Pass is a feature documentary film examining this iconic company's explosive trajectory, tragic demise, and legacy forged by its rebellious founder, Russ Solomon. A time to remember and celebrate the founders of this great group of troubadours, who started it all back in 1962: Ronnie Drew, Luke Kelly, Ciaran Bourke and Barney McKenna. These were the originals who lit the flame 50 years ago, and set fire to the world of folk music.  For the filming of this DVD, hundreds of old photographs were assembled; audio and video clips were retrieved from the archives to capture the spirit of the group down through the decades. Projected performances from the past played an integral role in this celebration concert. The atmosphere was electric, with music, stories and poetry flowing from reservoirs of memory -- a unique collaboration between the original group and the current line-up, a perfect party to celebrate 50 years. Pure McCartney contains a recording of a one-off tribute concert at Vega in Copenhagen in celebration of Sir Paul McCartney's 70th birthday that day. The set list includes the 1971 McCartney album Ram, which is the favorite album of Christensen and Viola, as well as several post-Beatles songs. Vega's large concert hall, with a capacity of 1500, was sold out. The artwork was inspired by Ram. The concert movie also features interviews and a documentary behind the scenes. Three young men commit themselves to one of the best summers of their lives...marching in a World Class drum and bugle corps. The bond of brotherhood this organization provides, helps them through both their struggles and their triumphs. A young woman fleeing Iran via Turkey will do whatever it takes to reach the West. One evening she meets a young Turkish-Iranian man outside a club in Istanbul and offers to get him into the club for free. A a relationship develops between them and she convinces him to leave Turkey with her. They initially approach a relative of the young man, who owns a carpet shop, to help them escape but between drugs and fiery temperaments things seriously misfire. They then try to to hustle for the money they need to pay for fake passports and visas but in the carpet bazaar of Istanbul they are out of their depth. A girl Sahar who is from a poor family of Tehran's suburbs is not coming back home one night. The mother goes to the police and informs about that. In that same day a body of a girl who is very look like Sahar is find. The parents are summon to recognize their girl's body but it turns out that it belongs to another girl. Major Saeed intervenes in the case and is after answers.  Razing the Bar documents the development and eventual demolition of a well-loved fringe punk rock Seattle venue through interviews of employees, friends, and a multitude of local musicians. A music documentary following the breakup of Swedish House Mafia and their subsequent One Last Tour. The largest electronic tour in history, selling over 1 million tickets in one week. Director Christian Larson captures the band in a unique fly on the wall manner as they call it quits and seek closure by going on the tour they had always dreamed of. With breathtaking live moments, huge laughs and dark lows, the band start to unravel why they came to the decision to end the biggest achievement of their lives to date to save their friendship.  The film maps out three of the biggest stars in a scene which has gripped youth the world over and the psychology of the band. A film not to be missed. A werewolf pursues campers in the Appalachian Mountains. Consumed by its legendary bloodlust, the creature begins the hunt for its oldest and most dangerous prey: Man. Special Agent Jack Driscoll has seen this before. The beast is his obsession and his nightmare. Now, he and his new partner must race against the rising moon to save a group of unsuspecting campers. Outmatched and unarmed, the frightened group must rally themselves to survive the night. As their numbers dwindle and their strength wanes, the group scrambles to answer the only question that will save their lives; how do you kill the unkillable? Inspired by films including "Rattle and Hum" and "Endless Summer," Fading West follows Grammy-winning alternative-rock band Switchfoot as they travel the globe in search of new musical inspiration and perfect waves. Filmed during Switchfoot's 2012 World Tour, Fading West charts the creation of the fivesome's upcoming album in its earliest and most unpredictable stages. As the band visits legendary surf breaks in Australia, New Zealand, Africa, and Bali, brothers Jon and Tim Foreman breathe fresh life into their songs by harnessing the spirit of their surroundings and mining new emotional depths. Part rock documentary, surf film, and travelogue, Fading West offers rare glimpses of the longtime surfers on their boards, captures the frenetic energy of their live shows, and portrays a journey both epic and intimate. A troubled and angry 11-year-old orphan from a small Texas town, ends up at a Boy Choir school after the death of his single mother. Completely out of his element, he finds himself in a battle of wills with a demanding Choir Master who recognises a unique talent in this young boy as he pushes him to discover his creative heart and soul in music. NITSA 94/96: ELECTRONIC PIONEERS IN BARCELONA How a scene is born? A portrait of the pioneers of electronic music in Barcelona. A club that opened the door to Darren Emerson, Laurent Garner, Jeff Mills, Derrick May, Slam, Carl Craig and has become the mainstay of the scene in Spain. And the seed of one of the most important festivals in the world, Primary Sound. Documentary about the infamous nightclub in Boston, MA, which many people compared to CBGB. It was the home of the Birth of Punk in the USA. A documentary on the life and work of Gene Clark, co-founder of The Byrds, whose subsequent career was a rollercoaster of pioneering music and personal disaster. YOUTH explores the lifelong bond between two friends vacationing in a luxury Swiss Alps lodge as they ponder retirement. While Fred has no plans to resume his musical career despite the urging of his loving daughter Lena, Mick is intent on finishing the screenplay for what may be his last important film for his muse Brenda. And where will inspiration lead their younger friend Jimmy, an actor grasping to make sense of his next performance? The French have occupied Sicily, and Helene is held hostage by Montfort, the French governor, who has had her brother executed. She turns to the partisan Jean Procida and the rebellious patriot Henri in her bid for vengeance.  Les Vepres siciliennes is one of Verdi's lesser-known mature operas, but was vital to his development as a composer. It was created for the Paris Opera in 1855, providing Verdi with an opportunity to embrace the elaborate style and traditions of French grand opera.  First seen at the Royal Opera House in 2013, this staging of Verdi's rarely-performed opera Les Vepres siciliennes - directed by Stefan Herheim and conducted by The Royal Opera's Music Director, Verdi specialist Sir Antonio Pappano - went on to win the prestigious Olivier Award for Best New Opera Production. More than 130 young conductors participate in the Antonio Pedrotti International Conducting Competition, in the Italian city of Trento. During one week they will have to pass several auditions to convince the international jury that one of them is the most talented young conductor they are looking for. I KNOW YOU WELL is a documentary about JANDEK one of the most mysterious American musicians with a large international cult following. I KNOW YOU WELL transcends beyond the myth and the cult of personality while examining JANDEK's creative process. An Honest and hilarious look at the music industry through the eyes of an all girl rock band. She is the most tweeted about person in history, with millions of views on YouTube, more than 390 thousands tweets every minute, Miley Cyrus is the woman everyone is talking about. Love her or hate her, the former Hannah Montana star is creating her own space in the world. Watch how it all began from her first TV appearance when she was 2 years old to the controversial VMA performance. Discover the girl, the teenager and the woman who set the world on fire. They are by far the most rebellious and exciting boy band on the planet today. 5 british lads that set their eyes on world domination, are showing what their made of. The new bad boys of pop never shy away from controversy and are always ready for a good fight. From their Twitter feud with rivals One Direction to being stalked by Lindsay Lohan, these boys are ready for everything. With exclusive interviews with friends and industry specialists, meet the band that is causing a stir in the world of music. Meet The Wanted.  Big in Japan is a comedic rock-and-roll road movie about struggling Seattle rock band, Tennis Pro, who decide to sell their tour-van and head to Tokyo for one last shot at acceptance The Sax Man tells the story of a beloved street musician, Maurice Reedus Jr. , and how this once rising star fell from the heights of the stage to the humility of the street. As he spends his later years longing for the good old days, Maurice receives a surprise opportunity to reunite with his old band to take to the stage one more time giving him one final shot to show who Maurice Reedus Jr. really is. . . This musical celebration charts the lives and careers of some of the biggest selling acts in Irish rock, punk and pop from Van Morrison and Thin Lizzy to The Undertones and U2. From the pioneers of the showbands touring in the late 50s through to the modern day, the film examines their lineage and connections and how the hardcore, rocking sound of Belfast merged with the more melodic, folky Dublin tradition to form what we now recognise as Irish rock and pop. Road to Eden is the story of the inspirational journey of Dan Nichols, a tour de force of modern Jewish music and the journey that changed his life. A documentary on DIY punk, with the style to match. Musicians such as Frank Turner, Jeff Rosenstock, Chris Clavin, David McWane, and many others discuss the ethics behind their music, and the community that surrounds it. A profile of Hip-Hop producer 9th Wonder as he accepts a position as a Harvard Fellow. Bela Fleck: How To Write A Banjo Concerto follows banjo trailblazer Bela Fleck through one of his most challenging musical journeys so far: into the world of the Symphony Orchestra. Bela is commissioned to compose a major banjo concerto, possibly the first of its kind, for banjo and 80 piece symphony orchestra. The film also digs into "father issues", with Bela being named after classical composers by an absentee father. Composing this piece forces Bela to confront these issues. In this story, a musical group whose music sets the mood for Events, finds itself at a very crucial moment in its carreer. All of the members face the dilemma of fighting for their dreams or quitting forever.  As one of Europe's most successful bands, Roxette have scored more international hits, rolled out bigger tours and received more airplay than any other Scandinavian band. When Marie Fredriksson was diagnosed with brain tumor in 2002, it seemed like the Roxette saga had reached its tragic end. But Marie got well against all odds, and during 2009 and 2010 the group step by step laid the ground for a comeback that again created modern music history. In February 2011 Roxette kicked off their return to the world's stages with a tour that soon was dubbed "The never ending tour", since the bookings never ceased to drop in. The world hadn't forgotten Roxette and before the group played their final show in Mexico City in September 2012, they had performed their classic song catalog in front of 1,5 million singing, screaming and crying people in 46 countries. A film team joined the tour and captured one of the most unexpected and moving returns any band has ever done. After a major crisis, a man attempts to track down his long-lost first love, only to discover that she was killed in a car accident many years prior. His online search leads him to her younger sister, an aspiring musician who bears a striking resemblance to the girl he used to love. Quickly becoming obsessed, he arranges a not-so-chance meeting and a relationship blossoms between the two before he has a chance to disclose his true identity. Naofumi Yximalloo Ishimaru is an obscure cult musician who has spent most of his 57 years on the fringes of music and society. Perennially uncertain of what he wants, Naofumi is constantly moving - drawing people to him before pushing them away and setting out alone once more. They are not wild and crazy anymore, or at least they think so. Now, thanks to an offer nobody can't refuse, they will try to recapture that old rock and roll magic and give themselves a second chance. A funny and often moving account of one of UK music's great lost treasures. Formed in 1974 by a group of school friends from Croydon, Johnny Moped were the band fronted by, and named after, the enigmatic Paul Halford aka Johnny Moped. By 1977 the group found themselves at the heart of the burgeoning punk scene in London and for a brief moment even looked like contenders. Despite being able to count both Chrissie Hynde and Captain Sensible as past members, success was not to come their way and Johnny Moped are now largely forgotten, punk rock's great lost band. Their story is however a fascinating one that, along with some of the era's most innovative music deserves to be heard. It's graduation day at Huntington Hills High, and you know what that means - time to party. And not just any party, either. This one will be a night to remember, as the nerds become studs, the jocks are humiliated, and freshman crushes blossom into grown-up romance. Dora, a girl who has spent most of her life exploring the jungle with her parents, now must navigate her most dangerous adventure yet: high school. Always the explorer, Dora quickly finds herself leading Boots (her best friend, a monkey), Diego, and a rag tag group of teens on an adventure to save her parents and solve the impossible mystery behind a lost Inca civilization. Rudy Gonzalez a Mexican-American teenager does not find self-esteem at home, so he goes to the streets of 1984 to find it. What he discovers is Ska. This is the story of New Jersey rock band Rye Coalition, aka The Hard Luck Five. The tours and detours of a husband and wife as they create and release the critically acclaimed album, O' Be Joyful. From working for tips to becoming "Emerging Artist of the Year," the two-man family band uses ingenuity and hard work to create something out of nothing. Fiddler Martin Hayes explores his love of traditional Irish music. Two friends borrow money from a loan shark, to try and shoot a film, one of the guys decides to try has luck in the drug trade to double his money, but things quickly spins out of control, with the loan shark demanding his money back with a hefty interest pay out. Grammy-nominated Jimbeau Hinson, living in Nashville and considered the first openly bisexual singer/songwriter in country music, has been HIV-positive for over 30 years. After almost dying from AIDS twice, he is now HIV-undetectable, and recently released a new album at age 62. "Tamara W." is an honest, stripped-down look into the world of voguing, escort business, ecstasy addiction, sexual abuse, and being a transgender girl. The documentary film is a compassionate portrait of Tamara Williams, a 23-year-old Bronx girl with fire in her heart, and too much life experience on her shoulders. In the film, Tamara recounts her life -- from her childhood and adolescence to her days as a ballroom diva and an out-of-control addict. In December 2006 a 22 year old Amy Winehouse traveled to Dingle to record a performance and interview for seminal Irish music TV series Other Voices. This is the story of that day.  When Amy Came to Dingle is a gentle and fascinating portrait of one of musics most extraordinary talents, who passed away in July of this year. The programe steps back to a time and a place when vitality, promise and potential were Amys calling cards, before her personal troubles overtook her enormous musical achievements and tabloid headlines defined her life. Just before 9pm on December 3rd, 2006, Amy Winehouse took to the stage at St. James Church and in an emotional and personal performance she claimed the hearts of the tiny audience that packed the church to its rafters. At the invitation of the mysterious Elijah, the shy, bookish Molly travels to the tiny island of Little Neck for his annual party. When she arrives she finds that all the residents, other than a small, tightly knit group of Elijah's friends have left for winter. When Elijah doesn't materialize at his own party, his guests carry on in his honor, having a bacchanalian night fueled with booze and psychedelics, playing games and telling stories of their absent friend. As a storm threatens their night of fun, Molly experiences a surreal evening of emotional and sexual exploration she won't soon forget. Acclaimed Montreal band Thee Silver Mt. Zion Memorial Orchestra is one of a growing number of rock groups to have accepted an infant into their touring tribe. Touring with children is both costly and complicated, yet SMZ are determined to combine family life and being on the road with the band's deep political commitment. When Jack and Diane find themselves in an unexpected adult situation, the A-Squad comes to their rescue. In order to help their friend Diane, the A-Squad goes where no cheerleader has gone before: taking on a little after-school project known as bank robbery. But the A-Squad does things their way -- with sugar and spice -- forever changing their friendship, their future and the nation's notion of teen spirit. For over 30 years, Martin Bisi has been recording music from his studio in Gowanus, Brooklyn. He has worked with many influential musicians, including Sonic Youth, Swans, Herbie Hancock, Brian Eno and the Dresden Dolls. Now though, he finds himself squeezed in by the approaching gentrification of his neighborhood. In 1984, a scrappy little neighborhood in San Francisco - home to many low-income tenants and the heart of the gay male leather scene - faced destruction from the bulldozers of redevelopment and the AIDS crisis. The Folsom Street Fair was started to call attention to gentrification and raise money for AIDS charities. FOLSOM FOREVER tells the story of how this small street fair grew into the biggest outdoor kink and fetish event in the world, and managed to do a lot of good along the way. Four artists - born in the same city - dig deep to reveal their connection with music. They are modern troubadours. Music is their soul - their lyrics transmit an intimate, sincere and unconventional message. A superb portrait of underground artists. After the Local council he works for decides to replace its horse-drawn services with motor vehicles, one of the drivers spends his savings to buy the horse. Together they search the countryside looking for work, and meeting an assorted group of characters on the way. A sweeping multigenerational story set against the backdrop of the raw, roaring New York City of the late 1980s; adoption, teen pregnancy, drugs, hardcore punk rock, the unbridled optimism and reckless stupidity of the young--and old--are all major elements in this heart-aching tale of the son of diehard hippies and his strange odyssey through the extremes of late 20th century youth culture. A little boy Anatole lives in 1960s in the steppe in Kazakhstan with his parents-archaeologists. One day he witnesses the accidental death of his brother, this drama traumatizes the boy so much that he loses his ability to speak. Once he meets an old Kazakh who will teach him to hear again the world around him and will teach him how to speak again. The whole life of Anatole depends from now on from his ability to hear. His ear connects him to the world. 50 years later, the steppe calls him again. A documentary on the heavy metal scene in Botswana and the struggle of a local band called Wrust. Filmed live at the Variety Playhouse in Atlanta, GA during her first-ever fully solo tour, Brave Enough: Live at the Variety Playhouse is a live DVD+CD from multi-platinum, Grammy-nominated Sara Bareilles. The Brave Enough Tour, which sold out nationally within three minutes, was celebrated by fans and media alike, and the aptly titled Brave Enough DVD captures Sara's entire May 20, 2013 performance. The set features show highlight "Goodbye Yellow Brick Road," Sara ' never-before-released breathtaking version of Elton John's classic song...SONGLIST: 1.Love On The Rocks / Bennie and the Jets  2.Uncharted  3.Love Song  4.(Sittin' On) the Dock of the Bay  5.Manhattan  6.Let The Rain  7.I Just Want You  8.Come Round Soon  9.Once Upon Another Time  10.Brave  11.King Of Anything  12.Gravity  13.Goodbye Yellow Brick Road Lunik's farewell concert featuring the Zurich chamber orchestra in December 2013 featuring interviews of some of the band members. Grant McPhee's sequel to Big Gold Dream picks up where the previous film left off, and continues its thrilling tour of the pre-Britpop, Scottish music scene. It features bands, such as The Bluebells, The Pastels, The Soup Dragons and an early incarnation of Teenage Fanclub; plenty of rich archive footage; and fascinating interviews with some of the key people of the time, including Edwyn Collins, Bobby Gillespie, Jim Reid, Sean Dickson, Eugene Kelly and Alan McGee. Live at Rome Olympic Stadium is a live album and video by English alternative rock band Muse, released on 29 November 2013. Featuring the band's performance at Rome's Stadio Olimpico on 6 July 2013, in front of a crowd of 60,963 people, the concert was a part of The Unsustainable Tour, which is a moniker for the band's summer 2013 European leg of The 2nd Law World Tour. Documentary on the independent Edinburgh record label Fast Product and Postcard Records and associated bands like Fire Engines, Scars and Josef K This Royal Albert Hall Concert, presented now on DVD, was also available online through live streaming. It is difficult to remember the last time any concert gave me so much pleasure and insight, and sent my soul soaring to such heights of joy. So many beloved piano pieces, so magnificently performed! Valentina has scaled the heights of technique, knocking off 'impossible' Liszt pieces like a stroll in the park. She melds with the piano with such assured ease that she can milk every piece for musical content and subtlety, reminding us of the great Hoffman, who also loved to play each piece a little differently every time, tapping deeply into the inexhaustible potential of a great composition, perpetually finding fresh ideas and magnificent new interpretations. In the early 1970s, the internationally celebrated Finnish guitarist Jukka Tolonen chose to continue his promising solo career instead of joining the bands of artists such as Cat Stevens and Abba. However, by the late 90s, Tolonen found himself living on the street in Stockholm and ended up in prison in 2008 for assaulting his girlfriend. The documentary is a story of letting go, surviving and finding a new beginning. It also sees Tolonen's music live on in the hands of young musicians. A documentary covering the 2013 Gathering of the Juggalos in Cave-In-Rock, IL. Dojo and May are a loving couple. Because Dojo has a brain tumor and needs 1 million baht for the operation, they decide to rob a money exchange store. Unluckily, the couple with 10 unfortunate patrons of the money exchange center are held hostages by 3 professional robbers on the same day. It is a robbery inside another robbery as well as some secrets among these people will be revealed. What could possibly happen when these people are trapped in the store with no way to escape? A gallerist risks her family and flourishing career when she enters into an affair with a talented painter and slowly loses control of her life. 'Looking for the Perfect Beat' is a cinema verite immersion inside the unique Los Angeles 'beat-scene' music community centered around the world famous Low End Theory club night. Filmed over the Summer of 2013, a climatic point in this particular music scene's trajectory, we are given the opportunity to elegantly lift the veil on the personal creative processes of the internationally-acclaimed pillars of the scene. Indie music luminaries such as Flying Lotus, Thundercat, Gaslamp Killer, Daedelus, Nosaj Thing, Ras G, Teebs, D-Styles, TOKiMONSTA and Matthewdavid are all featured in vivid detail. The soundtrack for the film creates itself live on camera as the film elapses. This avant-garde visual angle on each subject in their respective creative spaces provides for an introspective glimpse into what would otherwise be unseen. Shot initially in Syria prior to the civil war, Wajd is a window into the lives of three Syrian refugee musicians as they face their traumatic experiences. Verite footage of their daily lives weaves together with bittersweet musical performances, traditional Su ceremonies, and poetic imagery of a pre-war Syria that no longer exists. What unfolds is a cinematic meditation on loss, yearning, and faith. He had always considered making guitars a passion, not an occupation, but in 2007, Randall Wyn Fullmer, an ordinary guy with a cat, turned his lifelong hobby into a full-out obsession. To launch on this adventure, he did what anyone else would do - he quit his high paying job at Disney, leaving behind a successful 20 year career. It seemed to make so much sense at the time! With Disney in the rear-view, Randall launched his self-proclaimed 'Mad Plan' and began crafting small-batch bass guitars full time. From a beginner's electrifying success to near break-down, this is a beautiful, honest and inspirational portrait of a passionate craftsperson who walked headlong into a foolhardy dream. This is a true tale of a life unwound and restrung. In the heart of Salvador, we follow the party preparations in honor of the Sailor, a religious entity, patron of the last drag bar of the city. Zander Raines, a dazzling and tempestuous young choreographer, gives the break of a lifetime to two hopeful artists when he casts a stunning contemporary dancer, Barlow, and innovative pianist, Charlie, in New York's most-anticipated new Broadway show: Free Dance. But the move throws off the show's delicate creative balance when Charlie falls hard for Barlow while Zander embraces her as his muse.  Pennsylvania Hardcore is a documentary covering a 30- year History of the underground hardcore bands from Pennsylvania. 200 interviews were done in making this film. The ones telling the story are the ones that wrote it. Many pictures and videos were giving to show how strong the states hardcore history really is. Having Fun Up There follows Mark, a 37 year old musician in crisis. Mark has long since given up on the idea of being successful with his music, but his relationships, job prospects, and self-esteem are strained by his desire to continue playing. Throughout the Fall, Mark tries to get a handle on his better-late-than-never adulthood, as his art continues to both destroy him and save him. An intimate portrayal of life on the edge in the war-torn city of Sderot. Once known for its prolific rock scene that revolutionized Israeli music, for thirteen years the town has been the target of ongoing rocket fire from the Gaza strip. Through the personal lives and music of Sderot's diverse musicians, and the personal narrative of the filmmaker, who ends up calling the town home, the film chronicles the town's trauma and reveals its enduring spirit. Documentary - Nenad Bach was a rock star in Croatia, in 1984 he made the decision to expatriate in order to follow his dream of finding a U.S. market for his music. EVERYTHING IS FOREVER, delves deep into the soul of an artist, who has some unfinished business. -  Nenad Bach, Michael O'Keefe A young girl sent to live with her father and his new girlfriend discovers creatures in her new home who want to claim her as one of their own. After waking up from his wacky dream, a theater stage hand inadvertently causes havoc everywhere he works. The eccentric Eric Kabongo wants to steer his life into a new direction and dreams of a music career. Eager to be accepted by the local community, he tries to make a name for himself as his alter ego: Krazy-E. However, his troubled past forms a dark cloud over his head. Will he be able to shake off his demons and live a normal life? 'What about Eric' shows the inner world of a lost soul desperately looking for a place called home. What happens when you cross poor white trash with gangsta culture, then stick it on a horse? You get the Deadly Ponies Gang.  Dwayne and Clint have been the "bestest of friends" forever. They love hip hop, and horses, but they don't like guns, and they can't afford cars, so the pair have taken to pimping out their ponies instead, blinging out their rides with pearls, glitter, and gold (all plastic, of course) eternally trying to impress the ladies. A tin-foil road-trip to Florida &amp; the British Museum, in faster Chinese that dialogues over the electric kettle of Toronto's City Hall and rotates in perpetual stillness towards a tsunami of row-boat performances. A music documentary about Hungarian musicians creating music around lake Balaton. The feature film continuation of the acclaimed Kodaly Method (2011) videos. He's known as "Tyrol's Zappa" and a "real anarchist." Whether folk music, jazz or what's known as serious music, Werner "Preisegott" Pirchner has in a creative way greatly expanded upon the limited acoustic range of his homeland, enriching it with some unfamiliar sounds from around the globe. Whoever comes into contact with him, such as Josef Hader and Tobias Moretti, can sense the power of his music, lets it carry them away, and embraces it wholeheartedly. Songs for Alexis is a love story following two young teenagers fight for identity and love for each other in a grown up world. DMD KIU LIDT is an anti-music film which follows the Austrian pop-rock band Ja, Panik and their social circle of fellow musicians in Berlin and Vienna.  It is a chronicle of a group that centers on the conditions of music-making in a state of prolonged sadness dominated by the shadow of a permanent crisis (of capitalism). The documentary film on the life and legacy of Rahsaan Roland Kirk - a one of a kind musician, personality, activist and windmill slayer who despite being blind, becoming paralyzed, and facing America's racial injustices - did not relent. The beautiful--but evil--Vampire Queen lusts after French punk-rock star Kiki of Les Fossoyeurs, and she is willing to do anything to get him--including devastating the entire planet! With dumb-luck on his side, Kiki continues to unwittingly evade her clutches in this cult classic. Magic Beyond Words: The J.K. Rowling Story is a made-for-TV film starring Australian actress Poppy Montgomery. The film, which was shot in B.C. Canada locations altered to look like British locations, details the journey of struggling single mother J. K. Rowling, her bid to become a published author, and her rise to fame that followed the publication of Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone. The film aired on Lifetime on July 18th and was criticized for being too lacklustre (mainly down to the fiercely private author having no say in the production) but it also shed some light on her personal life and featured scenes such as her highly abusive first husband and the death of her mother. The eponymous J.K. Rowling is the world's first billionaire (in terms of US dollars) author and the films inspired by her books have been the highest grossing films of all time.  Poppy Montgomery reportedly got blue contact lenses to play the role of the highly influential author. Against the backdrop of New York and New Orleans, Elliott, Leanne and Jermaine question their ability to dream amidst a crumbling economic climate. Opening in the streets of downtown Manhattan, Elliott (23), living at home after college, is surrounded by incomplete projects, frustrated and in search of purpose. Simultaneously, in New Orleans, Leanne (26), an aspiring model/actress and single mother of four, struggles to pick up the pieces, presenting at times a clash between family and her ambitious career. Plagued by an unforgiving criminal record, Jermaine (22), a New Orleans native, shifts through his home town for what seems like a hopeless attempt at legal employment. After a series of rejections, he resolves to reinvent himself in hopes of successfully starting anew. Take Me to the River is a film about the soul of American music. The film follows the recording of a new album featuring legends from Stax records and Memphis mentoring and passing on their musical magic to stars and artists of today. Rosemarie is a hard-working young woman living in a small English town in the 1950's. She left Austria with her father during the war to escape the Nazi oppression and since then, despite poverty and loneliness, she has always kept the faith that better days would arise. When she meets Anton, one of her father's friends, she immediately falls in love and starts believing in a fortunate destiny with him. Against all impediments, their secret love affair may help Rosemarie to find out where she really belongs. Deep into a forest, a gathering of wild animals start a nocturnal opera, conducted by a squirrel. Live Blu-ray tracklisting:  1. Soldier Of Love  2. Your Love Is King  3. Skin  4. Kiss Of Life  5. Love Is Found  6. In Another Time  7. Smooth Operator  8. Jezebel  9. Bring Me Home  10. Is It A Crime  11. Love Is Stronger Than Pride  12. All About Our Love  13. Paradise  14. Nothing Can Come Between Us  15. Morning Bird  16. King Of Sorrow  17. The Sweetest Taboo  18. The Moon And The Sky  19. Pearls  20. No Ordinary Love  21. By Your Side  22. Cherish the Day "My new feature length documentary Breadcrumb Trail is about Slint and the Louisville music culture they emerged from. It includes footage going back to the early 1990s that I shot when repeatedly driving up from Athens, GA to Louisville to try to chase rumors of what they guys were up to. Over the years I tracked down more stories about them, then began filming interviews with each of the band members and their contemporaries. We also unearthed some unseen/uncirculated footage from their few live performances as well as the writing and arranging of Spiderland." Scottish musician, Edwyn Collins' world was shattered by a devastating stroke. After fighting back from the brink of death, he discovers that life, love and language mean even more to him that he could ever have imagined. From Lemmy filmmaker Wes Orshoski comes the story of the long-ignored pioneers of punk: The Damned, the first U.K. punks on wax and the first to cross the Atlantic. This authorized film includes appearances from Chrissie Hynde, Mick Jones (The Clash), Lemmy and members of Pink Floyd, Black Flag, GNR, the Sex Pistols, Blondie, Buzzcocks, and more. Shot around the globe over three years, the film charts the band's complex history and infighting, as it celebrated its 35th anniversary and found its estranged former members striking out on their own anniversary tour, while still others battle cancer. Newly-divorced Carol moves with her kids, Amanda (16) and Adam (12), from rural Michigan to a Victorian house near Chicago. As the three begin to adjust to their new surroundings, strange things start happening. Creepy noises. Unexplained messes. Old punk rock albums missing. Suspecting the house is haunted, Adam and Amanda hire a wacky medium and a team of bumbling paranormal investigators to help, then discovers on her own that the house is haunted by the ghost of a 17-year-old punk guitarist named Brian, and his fun-loving band of dead pals. Amanda and Brian form a friendship that soon veers toward romance. When the past collides with the present, how will Amanda solve her future? Waxing nostalgic about the bittersweet passage from childhood to puberty in this tender coming-of-age tale, four childhood girlfriends -- Teeny, Chrissy, Samantha and Roberta -- recall the magical summer of 1970. During their walk down memory lane, they reconcile experiences with boys, secrets, bullies and more. The Pa Boys is an energetic, uplifting road movie capturing the best of New Zealand's culture, beauty, talent and music, whilst exploring themes of identity, friendship and discovering your roots. The gullible buyer Zemla Martin (Francis Smolik) finally opened his dream shop. After a while, you get a lot of friends. Especially the former captain Kyllijana (Vlasta Burian), who come to him to drink brandy debt and sit on a bag of peas, where he talks nonsense. Its debt is starting to grow nicely. Later dupe marry an evil Pavlina Sustrova (Ela Poznerova). It can also bring their calculating mother, widow Catherine Sustrova (Antonie Nedosinska). These two together with a bun Kyllijanem use, but outside him are friendly. Later, when Zemla catches his wife cheating when he has become the father of a foreign child, and when he discovers that the shop is broke and completely vyjedeny, poisoning. A best friend Zemluv captain Kyllijan happily drunk debt for plum deleted. In the Philippine remake of the 2014 South Korean film of the same name, an elderly woman in her 70s suddenly finds herself to be in her 20s after having her picture taken in a mysterious photo studio. On the day of his wedding, young man from a family of immigrants faces some problems to get the money needed for the last arrangements. The family do what they can in order to honour the great event, selling personal belongings and buying enough supplies for a decent party.  Temporarily relocating to a farm in the Peloponnese, The Callas and their industrious circle of friends are making a feature film, inviting audiences to a Dionysian encounter with Greek psychedelia. Playing Lecuona is a musical journey through the works and living spaces of Ernesto Lecuona, the internationally acclaimed Cuban pianist and piano composer. Serving as guides through Lecuona's music are three of the most gifted Latin jazz pianists in the world: Chucho Valdes, Michel Camilo, and Gonzalo Rubalcaba. Valdes fuses Latin jazz together with Afro-Cuban rhythms in Lecuona's native Havana; Camilo recreates elegant aural soundscapes in New York and the Canary Islands; and Rubalcaba fuses jazz and flamenco in Seville, the heart of Andalusian Spain. Together, these three musicians provide a rich portrait of Lecuona's music and its lasting influence. Larry Burrows is unhappy and feels powerless over his life. He believes his entire life could have turned out differently had he not missed that shot in a baseball game when was a kid. One night he meets this mysterious man, who could change his fate by offering him that alternative life he always dreamed of. But as Burrows embarks on this journey of self discovery he realises that even this new life has its problems and drawbacks.. Madonna is a global mega star and one of the most recognisable music icons in history. Known for continuously reinventing both her image and music, and for retaining a standard of autonomy within the recording industry, critics have praised her diverse musical productions, although some of her performance and videos have been provocative and have on occasions served as a lightning rod for religious controversy. This programme gives you a real insight into the fascinating true story of Madonna Louise Ciccone and her incredible rise to fame as one of the most influential figures in contemporary music. Discover how she found and later attained immense popularity by pushing the boundaries of lyrical content in mainstream popular music and imagery in her music videos, which became a fixture on MTV. Featuring a number of key interviews including with Madonna herself, one also gains a personal insight into some of her relationships with men and her role as a mother. The two-hour sketch comedy show-meets-concert film builds upon and punctuates the multimedia format of the band's live performances with skits from the stable of Puscifer characters such as Billy D, Hildy and Major Douche woven into the performance footage of the Maynard James Keenan led quintet."Being surrounded by so many talented and creative people is an endless source of inspiration. This film only scratches the surface of how deep our proverbial rabbit hole goes. What Is Puscifer is meant to conjure as many questions as it answers," explained Maynard James Keenan.Puscifer's concerts have been praised for their out-of-the-box take on what a live performance can be, with the Orange County Register saying "the production matters as much as the music" and describing the event as "a thought-provoking, senses-jabbing statement on a variety of topics." Street dancer Skyler comes out of the shadow of her trained dancer sister, Tosha, & joins a dance competition with the Honey dance studio; the prize is a college scholarship. A boy growing up in Dublin during the 1980s escapes his strained family life by starting a band to impress the mysterious girl he likes. Borne out of the anarcho-squatting free-festival scene of the eighties the Levellers have survived over 25 years of music press vitriol, drink and drug addictions as well as many barren years in the wilderness. But the band had seven consecutive gold albums throughout the 90s, sold out their own festival for the last ten years and run their own creative centre, the Metway. Via the eccentric artist, archivist, whiskey loving bassist Jeremy Cunningham we are taken on a journey; how the band rose to fame and how they survived. A potted history of 25 years of subsidised dysfunctionalism. An uplifting tale of battling demons, that reminds us that behind every band there is always a story of struggle for expression, acceptance and survival. Seattle filmmaker Ward Serrill (The Heart of the Game, Miramax) follows one man's quest to integrate modern science and ancient mysticism through sound. It features the extraordinary life and work of country singer turned brain scientist and shaman of sound, Tom Kenyon, as he journeys from his homeland of Orcas island to the stage on Broadway, giant caves in the south of France, the golden-chandeliered symphony halls of Vienna and finally to the snowy peaks of Tibet. The whole Belier family is deaf, except for sixteen year old Paula who is the important translator in her parents' day to day life especially when it comes to matters concerning the family farm. When her music teacher discovers she has a fantastic singing voice and she gets an opportunity to enter a big Radio France contest the whole family's future is set up for big changes. An overworked and underappreciated housewife finds herself recruited by an international security force for the purposes of rescuing a group of recently kidnapped world-famous rock stars from a crazy supervillain. Follow several talented members of the ensemble as they gather in locations across the world, exploring the ways art can both preserve traditions and shape cultural evolution.  "WELCOME TO PAROWDISE", a Journey through the last 4 years of my dangerous life. From Russia to Holland, England to Elsierevier, It is all here. Backstage danger, Onstage Shenanigans, Areoplanes to speedboats, drunk to drunker and all my mad fans and friends mixed in with a live show that exists out of Oppikoppi, Hatfield Square and The Assembly, interviews in my bathroom robe and all my music videos with English subtitles "vir die Souties". So Enjoy it and chex if you can spot yourself at one of the shows. HOS JA!! Miraculous story of Japanese pianist blind from birth, who has become a symbol of Hope for all those with disabilities, hurdles to overcome, and problems in life. Performing throughout the world as a musical ambassador for his country, Nobuyuki Tsujii, or 'Nobu' as he is called by millions on fans with 'Nobu Fever', his is a story about the power of music. In a small village in the hinterland, three stories of love and desire are changing the emotional landscape of its residents. Characters of a romanesque world in which their conceptions of life are limited on one side by human instincts, on the other by a blind and fatalist fate.  This is an in-depth exploration by a man searching for a better understanding of his inner self and the world around him. The main character, Mark, undertakes a phantasmagoric inward journey through his own subconscious mind. Betty and her friend V have a major project: the open-air music festival, Sziget Festival held every summer on one of the Danube islands in Hungary. Instead of money the teenagers have a stash of grass waiting for a buyer. Food? Nothing wrong with the leftovers from other people's plates. Tent? Why bother when you can sleep under the stars. Sleep? No way: the party goes on all night. V is a pretty girl who knows how to use her charms to the best advantage. Betty, more reserved and shy, never quite knows what to do with her hands, how to hold a cigarette, what to say to the boys they meet. But the tables are turned when the pair go their separate ways after an argument. Moleman 3 is a documentary diary about a journey from the underground to the cultural surface.  Music styles and artists ignored by record labels and the mainstream media didn't have much chance of getting wide recognition back in the day. The digital revolution changed everything. The internet and digital technology, accessible to everyone, reshaped the music industry completely. The significance of record labels which controlled mainstream music has changed and decayed. For genres building themselves up from the bottom, success was once unimaginable without a record label and money. As of today, thanks to the digital revolution, it can easily be done. FOREVER-LAND is a hidden dimension where strange characters, creatures, and lands exist under the iron harsh rule of Infinitus...destroyer of all things funky. Kounterclockwise has been transported to this dimension to retrieve "the glove", an item of cosmic importance, from the clutches of Infinitus. "Who shall wear the glove shall rule the funk of 40 thousand years". Can Kounterclockwise save the universe from the reign of Infinitus, restoring the order of the funk , and rock the crowd in the process? Sending a burning arrow into the stunting effects that the compartmentalization of culture has on how creativity manifests, visual artist Doug Aitken embarked on an experiment exploring a less materialistic and more nomadic direction of art creation, exhibition, and participation. Station to Station involved a train that crossed North America housing a constantly changing creative community including artists, musicians, and curators, who collaborated in the creation of recordings, artworks, films, and 10 unique happenings, across the country. 1999, 4:43 min, color, sound John Ennis follows the money in elections to piece together the cycle of pay-to-play politics. During an imaginary tour of David Bisbal, a young woman happens to take refuge in his caravan. That unexpected encounter brings about some emotional consequences that will mark the artist's life forever. Set in a post-apocalyptic world, a group of six musicians discover that music can help cure those infected by the zombie virus.  The amazing and inspiring journey of Mexican guitarists 'Rodrigo y Gabriela' who at a very young age decided to do only what they loved the most: music. Robert Beck failed as a musician and works frustrated as a teacher - until he learns about his gifted student Rauli. A musical genius: He sings and plays guitar like a young god. Beck is motivated to help Rauli to become a successful and published musician to fulfill his own long-held dreams of a music career. Winner of the 2005 Maui Film Festival's Best Short Film Documentary, this eye-popping video captures big-wave surfing at its most insane. Made by the folks who brought you Step in Liquid and Riding Giants, the film features tow-in trailblazers Laird Hamilton, Dave Kalama, Darrick Doerner and others taking on Peahi, Maui's enormous swells during the winters of '04 and '05. Fueling the action is a hot soundtrack courtesy of Pearl Jam, U2 and Beck. Video Vanguard and "Gay Pimp" Jonny McGovern (of Logo's Big Gay Sketch Show) collects all five viral video singles: Dickmatized, Sexy Nerd, Modified, Man Areas and Texting on the Dancefloor, from Jonny's latest album THE GAYEST OF ALL TIME on this special edition DVD. Hosted by Jonny McGovern and featuring cameos from drag divas Erickatoure Aviance and Linda James and ALL of Jonny's signature gogo boys. PLUS an exclusive behind the scenes documentary on the making of the super sexy Man Areas, directed by Skot Video. We also provide some Extra Faggoty Stuff which contains "The Gayest of All Time" music video featuring fans of the podcast as well as 5 clips of the podcast shot at the Gayboy Mansion in the Hollywood Hills. Sunshine Daydream is a concert film starring the Grateful Dead.  On a blistering summer day in 1972, the Grateful Dead took the stage on the grounds of the Oregon Country Fair in Veneta, Ore. for what would become one of the most legendary concerts of the band's storied history.  Considered to be the Merry Pranksters last "Acid Test", the concert offers a snapshot of the band at the peak of its playing prowess. The setlist that day included memorable performance of "Sugaree, " "Deal, " "Black-Throated Wind, " "Greatest Story Ever Told, " "Bird Song" and a mind-melting version of "Dark Star" that stretches over 30 minutes.  The show, which was recorded and filmed but never released, has since become the most-requested live show in Grateful Dead history. A digitally remastered and reedited official version of the film was released on DVD and Blu-ray on September 17, 2013. In Palestinian East Jerusalem, Singer-Songwriter David Broza records a new album with American, Palestinian and Israeli musicians in defiance of the Middle East's dark realities. Industrial Soundtrack For The Urban Decay traces the origins of Industrial music, taking you on a journey through the crumbling industrial cities of Europe to America's thriving avant-garde scene.  Featuring Throbbing Gristle, Cabaret Voltaire, NON, SPK, Test Dept, Clock DVA, Re/Search - V Vale, Z'EV, Click Click, Sordide Sentimental, Hula, The Klinik, Ant Zen, Orphx, In The Nursery and Prima Linea. The movie centers on a piano competition whose winner is assured of success. It is Paul's last chance to compete, but newcomer Heidi may be a better pianist. Can romance be far away? Will she take a dive despite the pressure to win from her teacher, Greta, or will she condemn Paul to obscurity?  This film, from the makers of Eric Clapton - The 1960s Review, follows Clapton's bold musical journey through the seventies. Featuring new and archive interviews, rare performance footage, contributions from the likes of Bonnie Bramlett, Bobby Whitlock, The Albert Brothers , George Terry, Willie Perkins, Bill Halverson, Clapton biographer Marc Roberty and others, plus a host of other features.  In 1981, after many of the live-music bars in Plaka, Athens, were shut down, two professional musicians, Spiros Podaras and Christos Tolos, decided to open Cafe Santan, a live rock music bar in Volos - a sleepy provincial town - that soon became a place of artistic expression for restless and free-spirited people and changed the way of life of the town's youth, becoming a legendary landmark. For 28 years, many famous Greek and foreign artists and bands performed live at the Cafe Santan. In 2009, the building that housed Cafe Santan was reclaimed by the owner for private use and its demolition was scheduled. Cafe Santan's last nights as a live-music bar were full of live music sessions, gatherings of old regulars and new visitors, memories and rock 'n' roll stories Meryl Streep stars as Ricki Rendazzo, a guitar heroine who made a world of mistakes as she followed her dreams of rock-and-roll stardom. Returning home, Ricki gets a shot at redemption and a chance to make things right as she faces the music with her family. James Brown changed the face of American music forever.  Abandoned by his parents at an early age, James Brown was a self-made man who became one of the most influential artists of the 20th century, not just through his music, but also as a social activist.  Charting his journey from rhythm and blues to funk, MR. DYNAMITE: THE RISE OF JAMES BROWN features rare and previously unseen footage, photographs and interviews, chronicling the musical ascension of "the hardest working man in show business," from his first hit, "Please, Please, Please," in 1956, to his iconic performances at the Apollo Theater, the T.A.M.I. Show, the Paris Olympia and more. From a mind unlike any other, Biophilia Live chronicles the multidimensional concert centered on the eighth studio album of avant-garde Icelandic artist Bjork. Nick Fenton and Peter Strickland, unique voices in their own right, film Bjork live in performance and punctuate her music with evocative animation and science and nature footage. The infinitely creative journey presents a culmination of work that represents one of the most original musical endeavors of a generation. A journey through the 1980s and beyond; the story of a band, an era and how one small gathering of outsiders in London shaped the entire world's view of music and fashion. The film is not only a fascinating, often hard-hitting social and cultural document of the time, but a brutally honest story of how friendships can be won, lost and ultimately regained. An independent documentary film about the phenomenal resurgence of the modular synthesizer -- exploring the passions, obsessions and dreams of people who have dedicated part of their lives to this esoteric electronic music machine. Inventors, musicians, and enthusiasts are interviewed about their relationship with the modular synthesizer -- for many, it's an all-consuming passion. After 30 years as Boston's fiercely independent Alternative music station, WFNX announces that it is being sold to Clear Channel Communications, and news of the sale rattles generations of music fans who had grown to believe that WFNX would always exist at 101.7 on their FM dial.  As the station counts down its last sixty days on the air, current and former WFNX employees reminisce about the station's rich history and reflect on what the sale of this perennial David in a land of radio Goliaths says about the changing ways we relate to music and media. A musician struggling to cope with his split from his lover and muse begins to suspect his past is being erased in this unnerving film starring members of Chicago band, Paper Thick Walls. As songs Liam and Lauren recorded together disappear from tapes and mutual friends deny they know him, Liam hits the road on a desperate journey to prove to himself and everyone else that he's not insane. Bring Us Your Women is an international anthology dedicated to women and the pursuit of divinity and freedom. The project seeks to tell existing and re-imagined stories of historic and mythical individuals, each presenting a message of humanity that transcends gender and religion. Haunted by childhood traumas, Veera is trying to become more independent through live-action role-playing. As she guides herself and her mentally challenged brother through worlds of multiple roles and identities, witches and wizards, she finds the courage to face the demons of her own past and her abusive father's legacy. An intimate window into the artistic journey of singer/songwriter Ana Egge as she grapples with difficult family issues and gets a welcome opportunity to boost her career. When Chand arrives in Brampton, Ontario to meet her new husband, she leaves behind a loving family and supportive community. Now, in a new country, she finds herself living in a modest suburban home with seven other people and two part-time tenants. Inside the home, she is at the mercy of her husband's temper, and her mother-in-law's controlling behaviour. Take an in-depth look at the life and talent of the trailblazing musician who conquered racial barriers to leave an indelible mark on the jazz world. When her father unexpectedly passes away, young Ella finds herself at the mercy of her cruel stepmother and her daughters. Never one to give up hope, Ella's fortunes begin to change after meeting a dashing stranger in the woods. Crown Prince Rudolf of Austria clashes with his father, Emperor Franz Joseph I of Austria, over implementing progressive policies for their country. Rudolf soon feels he is a man born at the wrong time in a country that doesn't realize the need for social reform. The Prince of Wales, later to become Britain's King Edward VII, provides comic relief. Rudolf finds refuge from a loveless marriage with Princess Stephanie by taking a mistress, Baroness Maria Vetsera. Their untimely demise at Mayerling, the imperial family's hunting lodge, is cloaked in mystery. For two hundred years, the Shakers have been America's most successful utopian society. While seeking harmony, order and perfection in every aspect of their lives, they built minimalistic furniture and buildings that influenced modern design. The Shakers wrote songs of exquisite beauty and danced to the point of ecstasy during their religious meetings. Inspired by this music and dance, choreographer Tero Saarinen created Borrowed Light, a dance piece about communal life and individual sacrifice. Shot in Finland and the United States, featuring interviews and excerpts from Borrowed Light, this documentary explore the cultural legacy of this religious group devoted to creating heaven on earth. With a tagline that reads Full Meals, Beedi and a match box, Huchudugaru is a story set in a rural backdrop. It is a story that deals with four guys - Shiva, Shankara, Madesha and Nanjunda who belong to a small town, Nanjangud. These boys are happy-go-lucky teenagers who do not follow the concept of work hard and live harder.  They come in contact with a gangster and decide to come to Bangalore with a mission in mind. Shiva`s love Paaru eventually becomes a distraction in the mission. Who is Paaru, what is the mission and how did the gang of four leave the government shaken forms the story of the film. Documentary about a woman with a korean background living in Argentine. An English rock band from South Africa try to break in to the profitable Afrikaans music market... without even being able to speak the language! Stone Cold Jane Austen is a dark comedy about the trappings of fame and the type of ego it takes to be able to 'make it' - all the way down on the Southern tip of Africa! Cendre is a fragile and unstable young man, heavily influenced by the fairy tales he was reading as a child. He pursues an obsessive quest to connect with the familiar characters of his memories, posting numerous ads to find the princess of his dreams. Upon finally meeting her, he realizes that his secret desires do not conform to any of the stories he takes for models. In a desperate attempt to live his perfect love, he blurs reality through hallucinatory episodes, unleashing his compulsions in the process.  In October 1987 after many months on the road, it was in the elevated surroundings of the hillside open-air theatre at Lycabettus overlooking Athens that the So tour came to a climactic close. The three nights were filmed in what was the first-ever Peter Gabriel concert to be committed to film.  A timid officer worker becomes both pariah and Pied Piper when she unleashes her confessional, scathingly honest pop compositions upon friends and co-workers, in this hilarious comedy from Vancouver's Kris Elgstrand (Doppelganger Paul). Beautiful aspiring rock star Jude is stuck in a rut - relegated to recording commercial jingles and lost in a series of one night stands. When she is evicted from her Brooklyn apartment, she is forced to move into the Hamptons home of her wealthy - and selfish - father Paul Lombard, an over-the-hill, Sinatra-esque crooner angling for a musical comeback. A powerful new film about Jan Karski, the Polish resistance figure who attempted to expose the Warsaw Ghetto and Belzec, and met with President Franklin D. Roosevelt and Supreme Court Justice Felix Frankfurter. A teen comedy centers on sixteen-year old Tiaan and Zane who dream of forming their own rock band. When a prank goes badly wrong and they are caught red-handed by the school principal, their parents have to pay for a number of repairs to the tune of R30 000.  The only hope of repaying the money and their good name requires the pair to form a band and win the school 'Battle of the Bands' competition which just happens to have a grand prize of R30 000.  When they recruit the other bandmates  Liezl, the prettiest girl in school, and Bongi, the new girl with rhythm and attitude in her body, the fun and games really start. Successful businesswoman Maria has achieved everything except what she wants the most - a baby of her own. She decides to deal with the matter by herself and embarks on a desperate and dangerous journey in order to make her dream come true. Three stories from three porches reveal a neighborhood in transition. The untold story of Bobbi Kristina Brown is one of adventure, dreams, conflict, perseverance, faith, friendship, and love -- a love between mother and daughter. A love often interrupted by success, emotional upheaval and drug addiction but an unshakable, A dramatic story about love, infidelity and betrayal... Fans will discover an all-access look at life on the road as the San Diego, CA quartet embark on their worldwide tour. Pierce The Veil chronicles the extraordinary life of international touring through exclusive interviews, previously unreleased live performance footage, travel experiences, and everything in-between. When Casey, a dancer who is discovered on YouTube, gets thrust into the modern world of internet celebrity and culture, she must find a way to balance her true identity with her online persona, or risk losing everything she cares about. Suresh wants to be a big dancer to fulfill his mother's wish. Vinnie wants to be the best hip-hop dancer. They are childhood friends. They form a team and participate in a national level competition "Hum Kisi Se Kum Nahin" where they are disqualified as their moves are copied and everyone calls them cheaters. Everyone departs to search for jobs.  Suresh plans to remove the negative tag by winning the hip-hop competition in Las Vegas. One day he watches Vishnu  dance in the bar and convinces him to be their choreographer. They audition for people and collect the team. A legend of Argentine rock travels to Iquitos to find an old Healer and participate in his Ayahuasca ceremony. You will have to go through the jungle and your own ghosts, on your way to healing. The Law Enforcement Technology Advancement Centre (LETAC) has developed SID version 6.7: a Sadistic, Intelligent, and Dangerous virtual reality entity which is synthesized from the personalities of more than 150 serial killers, and only one man can stop him. Drop out of school to ride with the Merry Pranksters. Form America's most enduring jam band. Become a family man and father. Never stop chasing the muse. Bob Weir took his own path to and through superstardom as rhythm guitarist for The Grateful Dead. Mike Fleiss re-imagines the whole wild journey in this magnetic rock doc and concert film, with memorable input from bandmates, contemporaries, followers, family, and, of course, the inimitable Bob Weir himself. Ethan Wate just wants to get to know Lena Duchannes better, but unbeknownst to him, Lena has strange powers.  As Lena's 16th birthday approaches she might decide her fate, to be good or evil.  A choice which will impact her relationship forever. Musician Cat Power narrates this documentary on Janis Joplin's evolution into a star from letters that Joplin wrote over the years to her friends, family, and collaborators. A deep and visually stunning survey of age-old ideas about food, ecological connectedness, and personal happiness. The film's warm cast guide audiences on a transformational journey through Japan, Korea, and the United States. Lucy Chadman (Shelley Long) chokes to death and is resurrected by her loopy sister Zelda (Judith Ivey) on the one year anniversary of her death. Lucy, of course, does not believe she has actually been dead and thinks it is an elaborate hoax until she goes to her apartment and discovers her husband (Corbin Bernsen) married to her gold digging best friend, Kim (Sela Ward). In the wake of the end of a relationship, David is faced with a life altering diagnoses which drastically changes his life and perspectives. The film is set in the near future, and it looks back on how peace was made in 2013 between Israel and Palestine. It is the story of two businessmen - one Palestinian and one Israeli - who struggle to set up a solar energy company. Both come from societies where there is strong opposition to cooperating with the other, and the film tells how they overcome hostility from within their own families and from the people around them. In the end, they mount a Facebook campaign that brings popular support both to their joint venture and to the peace process. The film was produced by Amir Harel, an Academy Award-nominated Israeli producer, and directed by Sameh Zoabi, a leading Palestinian film-maker. At the age of 17 Inge falls in love with her teacher. 'It's Gonna Blow!!! - San Diego's Music Underground 1986-1996' chronicles a period when San Diego was touted as 'the next Seattle'. A motley community of musicians with a do it yourself ethos and an aversion to mainstream culture developed their idiosyncratic sounds in the isolation of San Diego but soon found themselves at the center of bidding wars and expense account lunches. What happened when the outcasts from the sticks became the next big thing? A portrait of Steven Patrick Morrissey and his early life in 1970s Manchester before he went on to become lead singer of seminal 1980s band The Smiths. A feature length documentary film about four iconic characters who define the American West. Gary McMahan is a renowned cowboy singer and poet and champion yodeler. Brice Chapman is one of the world's most talented trick ropers and horse trainers. Yvonne Hollenbeck is a fourth generation rancher and award-winning poet and quilter. Jeff Nourse is a rancher, singer-songwriter and iron sculptor. Y/OUR MUSIC immerses itself in the world of Thai music, from traditional music to labor songs and classical pop to urban indie music, spanning different locales and generations. As nine musicians each display their music, the rural or urban environments that influenced their sound are explored. The hands that play traditional instruments amid the red dust clouds, the labor songs being hummed in front of grains awaiting harvest, and the indie music born out of concrete basements create a melodious ecosystem. While they inhabit different musical worlds the musicians are connected by the same passion to bring their artistic aspirations to the fore and survive in the outskirts of the mainstream. Austin to Boston follows a group of talented musicians as they battle the elements in VW camper vans to tour for thousands of fans from Austin to Boston. On the run from an assassin, international rock star Bene hides out in Los Angeles and prepares for a showdown with death. "Chile On Hell" was filmed at the Teatro Caupolican in Santiago, Chile on May 10, 2013, and features Anthrax - Joey Belladonna/vocals, Scott Ian/guitar, Charlie Benante/drums, Frank Bello/bass and Jon Donais/lead guitar. The band performed an extended set that featured songs from Anthrax's entire catalogue - all the fan-favorites including "I Am The Law," "Indians," "Madhouse," "Caught In A Mosh," "The Devil You Know," and "I'm Alive." "Santiago was the perfect place to film the show for this," said Anthrax's Charlie Benante. "When we'd played there in the past, we'd finish our set, play our encore and go back to the dressing room. But every time, the fans would continue to scream and cheer and clap. I mean, they went on and on, they wouldn't stop. One time Scott and I walked out to the side of the stage just to watch what was going on in the audience, it was intense. Why wouldn't we want to film a DVD in front of an audience like that? In a small east-european ghetto, the Jewish family is celebrating Easter. The fraternal dissonance between the Sigoulim brothers pretty accurately mirrors the strife between the two powers, one surrounding Samuel, a devoted rabbi, and the other around Moise, a talented money lender. Moise becomes the king of petrol and ships to London with his niece Lia. Conflict continues and leads to the violent strike by oilworkers...  The search of several young, white men for blues singers who have been missing for decades coincides with the Civil Rights Movement in Mississippi in the 1960s. A couple of dancers appear one morning in a High School. It's Monday and they announce to a group of youngsters that they have five days to get up on stage and dance. A short time but a big challenge. The dance compels these youngsters to break through their roles exactly at the time of their lives when the social roles are being forged. The handsome boy is no longer the most admired, the timid one takes a step forward. Wilfried van Popple and Amaya Lubeigt are the choreographers. Professional dancers who have decided now to work with people who have never danced before. This is the challenge: five days, a class of teenagers, a microcosm in which occurs a little big bang. Through rare and precious footages and gigs with great artists such as Gilberto Gil, Gal Costa, Hermeto Pascoal, Djavan, Nara Leao, Luiz Gonzaga, among many others, "Dominguinhos" reveals this genius of Brazilian music, creator of a deeply authentic, universal and contemporary work. The film values the sensory cinematic experience, a journey driven by Dominguinhos his own. Kein Zickenfox! Is about the biggest women's orchestra in the world and how 66 "normal" women manage to put something great together on the stage! Once a week they all meet in Berlin-Kreuzberg: These 66 women between the early 20s and the mid-70s, their 21 instruments and with them the most varied female biographies and life plans. Combined with Music and Story, this is the remarkable history by Ukranian vocalist Tina Karol herself about the horrible circumstances that turned into incredible successes. From deceit and death to Beauty, Power and Soul. The story of the five-day interview between Rolling Stone reporter David Lipsky and acclaimed novelist David Foster Wallace, which took place right after the 1996 publication of Wallace's groundbreaking epic novel, 'Infinite Jest.' 'At the end of the day, it remains a secret why some can conduct and others can't', Sir Georg Solti once said. CONDUCT! explores this secret. The struggle of five young artists for success at the International Conductors Competition in Frankfurt provides real-life drama that tests not only musical abilities but, above all, characters. CONDUCT! explores the secret of conducting with a unique intensity that culminates in a great showdown at Frankfurt's Opera. The second of two theatrically released follow-ups to the Neon Genesis Evangelion series. Comprising of two alternate episodes which were first intended to take the place of episodes 25 and 26, this finale answers many of the questions surrounding the series, while also opening up some new possibilities. A Swedish singer trades Europe for China. Like a blonde nephew of Bryan Ferry, he enters the burgeoning music scene in Shanghai, where electronic dance music dominates. But is this new land of opportunity ready for his soul-searching, tormented voice? Is music really such a universal language? The story of singer-songwriter Colin Hay, former front-man of Men At Work. We follow Hay from his earliest days in Scotland, through his family's emigration to Australia, to the massive, worldwide success of his band, to the depths of addiction and failure, to a slow climb back up the ladder seeking relevance, artistic freedom and ultimately, transcendence. A blonde teenage girl, knowing she must change her life, leaves her well-appointed house and flagrantly gives herself over to this tolerant city, saying "yes" to everything provocative it offers her. Only the music tethers her body and spirit together, even as she reaches for redemption through a bold, delicious, and resplendent self-destruction. A group of aspiring musicians in 18th-century Vienna come from all over Europe to attend a prestigious musical academy. Kucheipadar village in Odisha is a bauxite-rich block that since India's economic liberalisation has been the subject of violent conflict between Adivasis and a mining venture. The singing of songs has come to articulate creative forms and political structures that steered the Kashipur resistance movement from subalternity, through solidarity and into dissolution. The film interweaves the efforts to record song, farming, village life and a political meeting to improvise a junction between voice, music, silence, sound and noise. Combining early TV appearances with their own music films, it illustrates how The Doors evolved from the constraints of late sixties television to a point where they had the creative input and power to shape how they were portrayed on screen. Throughout the unique charisma and talent of The Doors comes across, whether it be on a lightweight pop show or on a film created from their own imaginations, along with some of the most influential music ever made. Bonus Features: Commentary by Doors members John Densmore, Robby Krieger and Ray Manzarek plus Bruce Botnick and Jac Holzman / Performance of "Break On Through (To The Other Side)" from the Isle Of Wight Festival 1970 / 45 minute documentary: The Doors - Breaking Through The Lens / "Love Thy Customer" - 1966 Ford training film with music by The Doors / Outtakes: Malibu U 1967. Mia, an aspiring actress, serves lattes to movie stars in between auditions and Sebastian, a jazz musician, scrapes by playing cocktail party gigs in dingy bars, but as success mounts they are faced with decisions that begin to fray the fragile fabric of their love affair, and the dreams they worked so hard to maintain in each other threaten to rip them apart. From X Factor to the San Siro Stadium in Milano, One Direction hit the world with success. See them perform live in the San Siro Stadium and watch 15 minutes of exclusive footage never seen before. The boys are back. Young Cole Carter dreams of hitting the big time as a Hollywood disc jockey, spending his days and nights hanging with buddies and working on the one track that will set the world on fire. Opportunity comes knocking when he meets James Reed, a charismatic DJ who takes the 23-year-old under his wing. Soon, his seemingly clear path to success gets complicated when he starts falling for his mentor's girlfriend, jeopardizing his new friendship and the future he seems destined to fulfill. In the avalanche of modern developments, will the mountain-based cultures of northeast Turkey suffocate? As social and economic forces encroach upon traditional culture in Turkey's Kachkar mountain highlands, many distinctive practices have vanished or are facing extinction. Among the three generations now straddling the not-yet-forgotten past and the globalized tomorrow, some are finding hope in one tradition that could stand alone as the primary catalyst for ongoing cultural identity, communal peace, and the celebration of life. 1 hr 4 min. Although Hiba, Rita and Tamar - pupils at the international Schmidt's Girls College in Jerusalem - have only been receiving classical singing lessons for under two years, their music teacher has registered them for the prestigious competition "Jugend Musiziert" ("Youth Makes Music"). An exciting journey awaits the students: their trip will lead them out of their conflict-ridden everyday life to the first round of the competition, which will be held in Istanbul in 2013. For those who succeed in this round the journey continues to Germany where the competition celebrates its 50th anniversary. Every single girl brings the right qualities to reach the local finals: musical talent, a special voice - and a never ending joy of singing.  By trying to help their children to a better future, two families from a Roma ghetto in Bulgaria face discrimination from the outside world and pressure from within their own community.  A police task force traps an online predator, only to discover that the depth of his crimes goes far beyond anything they had anticipated. Princess Leia is captured and held hostage by the evil Imperial forces in their effort to take over the galactic Empire. Venturesome Luke Skywalker and dashing captain Han Solo team together with the loveable robot duo R2-D2 and C-3PO to rescue the beautiful princess and restore peace and justice in the Empire. Paul Wolffram's fascinating and eloquent doco about Maori instrumental traditions accompanies Richard Nunns and Horomona Horo as they perform in a series of remarkable South Island wilderness settings. 'Road to Heaven' tells the story of a young Sikh's pilgrimage across India. His journey leads him along the 'Grand Trunk Road', an ancient trading route and one of the most dangerous roads in the world, from Kolkata in the east to Amritsar in the west where it ends at the spiritual centre of Sikhism. On the way to his journey's end, the golden temple of Amritsar, he is confronted with the reality of his country, in which corruption, social evils and violence towards women create the fabric of society. The road to heaven invariably leads him through purgatory. Bloed, Zweet en Tranen (Blood, Sweat and Tears) is a story about the life of Andre Hazes, a Dutch populair singer. This movie shows three crucial phases in the life of Hazes: his youth (60's), his breakthrough (80's) and the last year of his life (early '00). British Beatz covers music and lifestyle, with raw live performances and extended interviews with UK hip-hop artists Skinnyman, Task Force &amp; others. Brandon Semenuk's Rad Company pushes the limits of free-ride mountain biking and showcases the skills and passion that make him one of the most versatile and explosive riders on the planet. Brandon handpicked the crew of riders for this film who drive and inspire him in each discipline, ultimately creating some of the highest level of riding ever caught on camera. The film features an eclectic soundtrack that flows like your favorite mix tape, while seamlessly meshing all disciplines of mountain biking. NWD Films and Red Bull Media House have teamed up with some of the top cinematographers and digital effects artists to create an innovative style, while keeping true to the "all killer no filler" style of the New World Disorder. Wacken Open Air is the biggest 3-day-rock- and metal-festival in the world. It's three days of raw energy, non-stop Heavy Metal music at full blast and 80.000 fans on a party frenzy. A true legend, taking place annually since 1990 in the sleepy German country town of Wacken, it attracts fans from all over the world. Mid 1970's at 18, Marc Hoffman would take on the challenges of bringing hardcore punk to a very conservative San Diego. Also an artist, Marc's stippling technique gave him a style all his own during that era. Bands like The Misfits, Battalion of Saints, Tex and the Horseheads, The Offspring would seek him out for album cover art. Marc's abrasive personality, intimidating looks and his knack for being brutally honest gained him as many enemies as he had friends both of whom respected him and despised him, earning him the name of 'Marc Rude'. His drinking, drug use and his propensity for street fighting became a reputation that preceded him. This documentary is about the life of Mad Marc Rude as told by the people who knew him. A trio of opera singers are reunited by a wedding ten years after their stormy breakup. Daft Punk Unchained is the first film about the pop culture phenomenon that is Daft Punk, the duo with 12 million albums sold worldwide and seven Grammy Awards. Throughout their career Thomas Bangalter and Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo have always resisted compromise and the established codes of show business. They have remained determined to maintain control of every link in the chain of their creative process. In the era of globalisation and social networks, they rarely speak in public and neither do they show their faces on TV.  This documentary explores this unprecedented cultural revolution revealing a duo of artists on a permanent quest for creativity, independence and freedom. The graduation of the third-year members means the end of m's. However, the school director has received a letter regarding m's, and the curtain of a new story for m's has been raised. This was the first headline arena tour for the star, after the release of her second studio album Alive in September, and from a BRIT school budding starlet to proper international superstar, Jessie electrified the O2 stage for an impressive 1.5 hour, 18-track, 5-costume filled set. The gig was divided into five sections and themes, including Love, Instinct and Values.  America's Blues takes a new angle on the Blues, focusing on, not only the musical impact it has had on all forms of Popular American Music, but also the influence it has had on art, fashion, language, film and racial equality. The life and death of the tropical singer Gilda. No Overview. Chronicles the unlikely rise to prominence of the Australia-based Christian band, Hillsong United. A punk band from Texas whose music and persona was extreme and political and the supporters who've followed and loved them for over 35 years. Yuri Kashiwaga was once known as a genius pianist. One day, she returns to her hometown in Goto Islands from Tokyo. There, she begins to work as a temporary teacher at a middle school and advisor for the school chorus. The chorus aims to take part at a competition. Yuri gives the members of the chorus members an assignment. She instructs them to write a letter with the title of "To myself 15 years later." The 15-year-old boys and girls write about their secrets and worries. Liza is a young Dutch woman who travels to Venice to meet her Italian father Mauro. Mauro has not seen Liza since she was three years old, when he and Liza's mother decided to split up. Mauro has traveled the world since as a musician. When Liza is in Venice it turns out there is more in store than just a couple of days in Venice. He takes Liza on a musical voyage along the route of the Orient Express. A trip that will eventually take them to Istanbul. Croydon, 1977. A trio of punk teenagers goes to a party to meet girls, but they find that girls there are very different from what they expected.  March 22, 2067. At dawn of life, Milana remembers her life, when she was a young Chechen immigrant in Paris, struggling for a better life along with her school friends. This film uses stop motion animation of still photographs to convey images of politics and science in the nuclear era. The advancement of science allows man to do things he never would have been able to do without, for good or bad. Politicians are either behind the scenes manipulating those scientists or are using that science for their own goals, primarily in the space race. Everyday items and people are projected upwards - many in the form of rockets - followed by iconic structures, such as the Empire State Building, the US Capitol, the Washington Monument, the Eiffel Tower and the Kremlin, being rocketed skyward as visual representations of that race into space. The Cal Crew (Caucasian Love Returned) Music Videos: 1. Leo's Club (Caucasian Love Returned) 2. Shayda (Caucasian Love Returned) 3. The Cal Crew (Caucasian Love Returned) (Orgy Mix 2) 4. Jeanie Say Vassup (Caucasian Love Returned) 5. Pain to Penelope (Caucasian Love Returned) 6. The Cal Crew (Caucasian Love Returned) (Electro Mix) 7. The Cal Crew (Caucasian Love Returned) (Orgy Mix 1) 8. The Cal Crew (Caucasian Love Returned) 9. Jeanie (Caucasian Love Returned) (Boyband Mix) 10. The Cal Crew (Caucasian Love Returned) (Club Medley) 1 11. The Cal Crew (Caucasian Love Returned) (Club Medley) 2 12. The Cal Crew (Caucasian Love Returned) (Club Medley) 3 13. The Cal Crew [MAIN EDITION/MIX] (Caucasian Love Returned) 14. Leo's Club (Caucasian Love Returned) Version 2 Documentary about seminal garage-rock band, The Seeds, that uses vintage footage, rare photos, memorabilia and audio, plus fresh interviews with band members and associates as well as notable fans and observers, Pushin' Too Hard relates the bizarre rage-to-riches-to-rags tale of the rock quartet who took Los Angeles by storm in the mid-60s. After the death of his wife and child, an author travels to Barcelona to see his estranged brother and dying father, where he learns that his life is plagued by events that occur on 11/11/11. A city girl falls for a country boy who follows her to New York, but their romance may be over when she must choose between love and a music career. YOU ARE NOT ALONE, the Musical was performed in Paris (in English) by Jermaine Jackson. During this evening of music and stories, Jermaine Jackson told the whole Jackson story from their native house in Gary, Indiana, to Motown where they became the Jackson Five and from Michael's Thriller to his tragic death. You'll learn everything you need to know about the greatest family in the entertainment industry. A music documentary that traces the history of Singapore's music scene through its most influential band David Helfgott says what he thinks, plays what he feels and touches in the truest sense of the word. The Oscar winning film SHINE was inspired by his life story and brought him world fame. In 1970 the Australian child prodigy pianist suffered a nervous breakdown. He spent 11 years in mental institutions. In HELLO I AM DAVID we embark on a journey to discover not only the concert pianist, but also experience his unique view on our world: a world of love, wonder and wisdom. 'Salad Days' is an insightful documentary film that examines the Washington, DC punk scene from the early 1980s to the decade's end. The city played an integral part in shaping the alternative music explosion of the 1990s and its impact on popular culture continues today. A documentary spanning over 30 years of the California Bay Area's punk music history with a central focus on the emergence of Berkeley's inspiring 924 Gilman Street music collective. Stephen Cummings is one of Australia's most revered rock 'n' roll icons. Rising to fame as frontman of '70s legends The Sports, he has spent more than 30 years at the forefront of the local music scene, forging a reputation both as one of Australian rock's greatest lyrical storytellers and also one of its most incendiary critics. Based on his scathing tell-all memoir Will It Be Funny Tomorrow, Billy?, Don't Throw Stones tells Cummings' story in his own words - as well as the words of those he has so gleefully skewered. Featuring interviews with Michael Gudinski, Steve Kilbey, Joe Camilleri and many more, Don't Throw Stones is a revealing portrait of three decades of rock-world gossip, larger-than-life personalities and good, old-fashioned artistic beef. An exclusive film of Billy in concert in June 2013 performing his critically acclaimed "Tooth & Nail" album and other classic songs, at the stunning Union Chapel in London. At a time when corruption and football are top of everyone's minds, Brazil Bam Bam Bam; The story of Sonzeira will take you on a journey to the heart of what really made Brazil famous. From Bossa to Samba to Batucada to Baile Funk, Rio's sounds have enchanted audiences worldwide since the 1950s. This year, Gilles Peterson, BBC Broadcaster, Record Collector, DJ and supporter of Brazilian music for the last 25 years, has realised a lifetime ambition, traveling to Rio to create the Super-group Sonzeira and record the seminal album 'Brasil Bam Bam Bam'. This film tells the story of that journey. Featuring Seu Jorge, Elza Soares, Wilson Das Neves, Ed Motta, Marcos Valle 15 years after they first took the world by storm, a new musical about the girls called Viva Forever! is about to hit the West End. The programme looks at the creative process behind the show that is produced by Judy Craymer and written by Jennifer Saunders in collaboration with the Spice Girls themselves. Sing The Blues is the story of Travis Preston, an aging artist and troubadour who as a teenager in the eighties was considered by many in the music industry to be the 'Next Big Thing.' Now 25 years later he continues to write and play music in spite of an industry that has left him behind and in spite of his struggle to even survive. After receiving a call that his former bass player Adam has died, he borrows a car from his father and sets out for Nashville to play for the celebration of life gathering. At the gathering, he reconnects with his other band-mates and is forced to confront the reason for Adam's death and his own uncomfortable past. A character-driven heartfelt story of resilience and the impact of education. The film follows Angel, Moses and Nina from the slums of Kampala, Uganda through a world tour with the Grammy-nominated African Children's Choir; stunningly shot and told through Angel, Moses and Nina's perspectives on their one shot journey from poverty to education. Two best friends embark on a cross-country road trip pulling hidden-camera pranks on the unsuspecting public. Sailor Ted meets and falls in love with Nora Paige, an aspiring Broadway show dancer, at the Lonely Hearts Club. After Ted rescues Lucy James' Pekinese during a public relations campaign on his submarine, Lucy falls in love with Ted; and Ted's captain orders him to meet Lucy for a date at a night club breaking a date with Nora. When she sees a picture of Ted and Lucy in the newspaper, Nora, who lives with Jenny and her daughter (Jenny's husband is Gunny), no longer wants anything to do with Ted. Kate, Anton, and Keith, three young artists in New York's art scene of the early 1980s. An intimate glimpse into the creative and emotional lives of the young and carefree. They party, photograph, paint, sing, and play their way through the clubs and lofts of Alphabet City. The party ends in 1984 when Anton and Keith contract a mysterious illness known as the "gay cancer." As her music career takes off, Kate tries to save her friends. A seven year project involving filming on NYC subway. Camera observes people and events unaware they are being filmed. Emotional, intimate and deeply human. All done by director Tom DiCillo. He shot, edited and mixed the film by himself with the aim of making a film without any financial or marketing restrictions. Documentary - From the 1960s to the 1980s, the rock radio DJ played an unprecedented creative role in the rock music world.  - When an aspiring rapper goes viral for the wrong reasons, he thinks his career is sunk. But a wild party gives him one more chance to make it right. When his new album fails to sell records, pop/rap superstar Conner4real goes into a major tailspin and watches his celebrity high life begin to collapse. He'll try anything to bounce back, anything except reuniting with his old rap group The Style Boyz. In The Fine Line , the world's best skiers, snowboarders and snowmobilers join leading avalanche professionals to present a new movement in avalanche education. This project, which features one main film and four training films, combines the thrill of winter action sports with important information about avalanche safety. A concert film that the former Pink Floyd singer-songwriter made on various tour dates between 2010 and 2013, when he was playing his former group's 1980 double-album in its entirety. Ulas, the son of a music-lover father tries to declare his love to Irem with a mix tape he's put together. However, they fall apart and it takes him 10 years to complete this declaration. 10 years later, Ulas who has become a music critic meets Irem by coincidence and yet it will take them another decade to get together. Jamie is a 26-year-old musician, which isn't as cool as you'd think. When his band breaks up, he's left with no money, no career, and no girlfriend. Now he teaches piano at a soul-destroying music school. Will he take a risk and follow his dreams? Or will he surrender to his new-found unhappiness and play it safe? Director Mat de Koning captures the rollercoaster journey of a young Perth band, the Screwtop Detonators, their manager Dave Kavanagh (an ex-mentor to The Libertines) and their one-time roadie, Will Stoker, as they grapple with the music industry's long road to the top. Initially ambitious and eager for fame and fortune, their aspirations change over time as they individually discover what truly matters in life. This year marks the 38th anniversary of the seminal music documentary, HEARTWORN HIGHWAYS, a film that explored and captured the nascent roots of the Outlaw Country movement in the mid-70s. HEARTWORN HIGHWAYS REVISITED celebrates the authenticity and express the feelings of the legendary original, via a community of contemporary "outlaws" living and creating music in Nashville, Tennessee. Maria Fux spends her life training dancers, particularly those with disabilities. But now, at 90, she finds her toughest student may be herself. REAL BOY is the coming-of-age story of Bennett Wallace, a transgender teenager on a journey to find his voice-as a musician, a friend, a son, and a man. As he navigates the ups and downs of young adulthood, Bennett works to gain the love and support of his mother, who has deep misgivings about her child's transition. Along the way, he forges a powerful friendship with his idol, Joe Stevens, a celebrated transgender musician with his own demons to fight. A new special on the music phenomenon that has swept the world! 5 Seconds of Summer are not just another boy band - the four teenagers from Australia have risen to global mega-stardom in the blink of an eye and this program traces the rise of 5SOS, from their humble beginnings in a Sydney suburb to sell-out stadium rockers! When their highly anticipated debut album entered at Number 1 on the US Billboard chart, Luke, Michael, Calum and Ashton sealed their place as the hottest band on the planet. The first child star of cinema gives a shivering girl half his cloak and learns that half a coat against the cold does not help much. A passionate filmmaker creating a film based upon a true crime casts an unknown mysterious young woman bearing a disturbing resemblance to the femme fatale in the story. Unsuspectingly, he finds himself drawn into a complex web of haunting intrigue: he becomes obsessed with the woman, the crime, her possibly notorious past, and the disturbing complexity between art and truth. From the Smoky Mountains of North Carolina to Verona, Rome, and London, new truths are revealed and clues to other crimes and passions, darker and even more complex, are uncovered.  Weary of tragic subjects, for the final part of Il Trittico Puccini composed a grand confidence trick orchestrated by a falsifier willing to do anything to gain wealth. Including bringing back the dead! Celebrates the stories of eight female vocalists in the heavy metal genre. Through personal interviews, behind the scenes insights, and concert footage, these women describe in their own words, their choices, their lives, and the hardships and triumphs of being center stage in what is widely perceived as a male-dominated music scene. A documentary film about session and touring musicians that are hired by well-established and famous bands and artists. These people may not be household names, but are still top-notch performers! An exploration of aspects of love: a married couple constantly meeting for rendezvous; a middle-aged man who insists on his dates wearing something from his deceased wife wardrobe; and a poor foreign girl who dreams of settling down with "the right man". Join Tom, Harry, Danny, Dougie, Matt and James as they tour across the country as the newly established boy band "McBusted": a newly collaborated boyband containing McFly and Busted. Contains both behind the scene fun adventures as well as footage from their live shows. After a gentle alien becomes stranded on Earth, the being is discovered and befriended by a young boy named Elliott. Bringing the extraterrestrial into his suburban California house, Elliott introduces E.T., as the alien is dubbed, to his brother and his little sister, Gertie, and the children decide to keep its existence a secret. Soon, however, E.T. falls ill, resulting in government intervention and a dire situation for both Elliott and the alien. Michel has stolen from his employer, Mr Bellanger, for the love of Juliette. He is now in jail. One night, while sleeping in his cell, he wakes up all of a sudden, the gates open and he finds himself in a strange village where all the inhabitants have lost their memory. There, meets Juliette again who seems to agree to marry a powerful man, who might well be Bluebeard... Rob Zombie's first concert film, The Zombie Horror Picture Show is a feature-length concert film, recorded live over two sizzling nights in Texas. It captures Zombie's elaborate, multi-media production of mind-blowing SFX, animatronic robots, pyrotechnics, oversized LED screens and state-of-the-art light show combined with his powerhouse band featuring John 5, Piggy D and Ginger Fish. The Zombie Horror Picture Show puts the viewer at the center of the hot and nasty action for a blistering set of 16 Rob Zombie classics, including 'Dragula', 'Dead City Radio and the New Gods of Super Town', 'Living Dead Girl', 'More Human Than Human' and the crushing cover of Grand Funk Railroad's 'We're An American Band' from the seven-time Grammy(r) nominee's Top 10 2013 album, Venomous Rat Regeneration Vendor. Film from Rafael Andreazza, Cintia Langie The spiritual journey of four friends from California as they embark on an epic adventure down the Ganges River, the most revered and potentially most polluted river on the planet. The documentary follows them from largest gathering of human beings ever recorded known as the Kumbh Mela, some 140 miles down river to the holy city of Varanasi. Their quest to discover purity amongst pollution is a true test of will, patience, and perseverance. After losing custody of her infant child to her domineering husband, a distressed woman's cross country search for family becomes a journey of self discovery and redemption. A punk rock band becomes trapped in a secluded venue after finding a scene of violence. For what they saw, the band themselves become targets of violence from a gang of white power skinheads, who want to eliminate all evidence of the crime. Pianist David Helfgott, driven by his father and teachers, has a breakdown. Years later he returns to the piano, to popular if not critical acclaim. "Vancouver Midnight Movies" are a patriotic music video tribute to the city and people of Vancouver; for being the most glamorous, peaceful and party oriented city in Canada. Local actors and dancers parade over Surrey, New Westminster, Burrard Street, Robson Street, Davie Street and all over downtown Vancouver in a celebration of the city's happiness and fancy life style. The videos explore multiple themes based on sex, religion, fashion, glamour, dance , music, cityscapes and fantasy life. A compilation of endless music videos by Omer Pasha as leading vocalist/singer takes you on an endless voyage of eccentric ecstasy of dance, animation, sexuality, religion, spirituality, crazy fun, fashion, vogue all over Vancouver that can be called the craziest fun of your entire life.  a documentary feature about street performers The Cursed Riddles of California" succeed "California Midnight Movies" and "Come To Me (USA Mega Saga Edition)." In the latter two music video films the young boy "Pasha" is cursed by the curse of an evil witch to suffer in his love life. Pasha finally breaks the curse with the power of faith and spirituality. He celebrates his freedom in sexuality in "The Cursed Riddles of California It's 1997 and Joe Strummer of The Clash is interviewed on Spanish radio. He mentions the Dodge he bought in Madrid 12 years earlier but later lost. He puts out a call to the Spanish people to look for his car. The striking and brutal realities of the students struggling for food, shelter and medication. Mimi's death from TB - and her illness unnoticed at first even by her closest friends - cannot but send a chilling chord in our modern world. Earlier in 2013, Two of Australasia's greatest singer songwriters Neil Finn and Paul Kelly, brought their iconic songs on a landmark 20+ date tour across Australia. Finn and Kelly shared the stage throughout as members of the one band, singing and playing together a selection from their rich and varied songbooks. Over 100,000 people attended the shows, which included 5 sold out nights at the Sydney Opera House. On the tough streets of Seattle, a girl gang of she-devils takes on an Eastern European immigrant, in the style of John Waters-meets-Perfect Strangers. A new girl must prove herself worthy of joining the ranks of the ferocious gang by prevailing in cat fights and wars of words. Jam-packed with tattoos, street cred, arcade brawls, hater shades, astounded immigrant parents, bow-tied nerds, matching jackets and loitering, for a camptastic good time. A distorted portrait of an artist that explores storytelling, ego, delusion, conviction and memory. VON LMO is a musician/artist and self-proclaimed alien-hybrid who was a part of the late 70s New York No Wave music scene. Between trips to his home planet of Strazar and multi-dimensional travel, VON has also spent some very real time in prison and on the streets of Earth. Challenged with translating his Future Language for audiences across the galaxy, Lori, our filmmaker and VON LMO fan, gets sucked into VON's orbit and finds herself lost in his story.  THE MAYOR OF ROCK & ROLL is a full length feature film about music, love, and failure set against the backdrop of the Boston rock scene. Latin boogaloo is New York City. It is a product of the melting pot, a colorful expression of 1960s Latino soul, straight from the streets of El Barrio, the South Bronx and Brooklyn.  Starring Latin boogaloo legends like Joe Bataan, Johnny Colon and Pete Rodriguez, We Like It Like That explores this lesser-known, but pivotal moment in Latin music history, through original interviews, music recordings, live performances, dancing and rare archival footage and images.  From its origins to its recent resurgence in popularity, We Like It Like That tells the story of a sound that redefined a generation and was too funky to keep down. Sailing a Sinking Sea is a feature-length experimental documentary exploring the culture of the Moken people of Burma and Thailand. The Moken are seafaring people and one of the smallest ethnic minority groups in Asia. Wholly reliant upon the sea, their entire belief system, education, and economic and physical development revolve around water. Sailing a Sinking Sea illuminates the Moken lifestyle through recorded traditional music, folklore and conversations with the Moken people. Through intimate and dynamic cinematography and audio recordings, Sailing a Sinking Sea weaves a visual and aural tapestry of Moken mythologies and present-day practices. Working class Danny aims to kick start a revolution by turning the tables on the establishment with a deadly game of chance. LIVE FROM UB is the story of how urban Mongolians have used rock music to overcome the powers of soviet-style socialism, Orientalism, and globalization for the past three decades. Through their music, the rockers of Ulaanbaatar (UB) are articulating their own understanding of what it means to be an urban Mongolian in a quickly modernizing city. Ultimately, this is an optimistic tale that will lift the spirits of those who fear globalization means a homogenized world. On the border of Washington DC, two stories of big dreams take place - a family is determined to turn their 1000 pound pig into the Redskins' football team mascot, and two teenage fathers scheme a better life for themselves and their children. Wide Open Sky follows the heart-warming story of an outback Australian children's choir. Chronicling their journey from auditions to end-of-year concert, the trials of trying to run a children's choir in a remote and disadvantaged region are revealed. Here, sport is king and music education is non-existent. Despite this, choir mistress Michelle has high expectations. She wants to teach the children contemporary, original, demanding music. It becomes clear for the children to believe in themselves, they all need someone who believes in them. Set against a landscape of devastating beauty, Wide Open Sky is a moving portrait of the fragile world of possibility that is childhood and reminds us why no child, anywhere, should grow up without music. Set against the background of the 1984 Miner's Strike, 11-year-old Billy Elliot stumbles out of the boxing ring and onto the ballet floor. He faces many trials and triumphs as he strives to conquer his family's set ways, inner conflict, and standing on his toes. The film details the early years of the legendary Siberian Punk/Rock group 'Grazhdanskaia Oborona' (Grazhdanskaya Oborona), and its frontman, Egor Letov. Stories of Australian and New Zealand Rock and Roll. After being gone for a decade, a country star returns home to the love he left behind. Live worship from the Jesus Culture band recorded during Jesus Culture's annual "Encounter" conference in Sacramento at California's historic Memorial Auditorium in January 2014. Depeche Mode Live in Berlin was filmed on location at the O2 World in Berlin on November 25th and 27th 2013 during the band's extremely successful Delta Machine Tour, which saw them play to over 2.4 million people in 32 countries. Depeche Mode was touring in support of their lauded 13th studio album, Delta Machine, which debuted at  Number 1 in 12 countries worldwide in March 2013. The concert not only includes performances of tracks from Delta Machine but also some of their most memorable and biggest hits including "Personal Jesus" and "Enjoy the Silence". This is the WORST. 90 minutes of terrible! From comedy legend Tim Hawkins comes an all new live concert performance featuring new stand-up comedy as well as the brilliant musical comedy his fans love and demand. That's the Worst features a full length concert from Tim, and includes a performance from John Crist, the opening act from the night of filming. Duriban, a humble noodle restaurant visited often by lonely indie musicians in a bustling city of Seoul, Korea, was brutally evicted and demolished by greedy construction company and pro-conglomerate-only city government with mere $3,000 as a moving expense. Outraged by the situation and related to their disadvantageous performance and poor contract conditions, 51 and plus indie bands in the area join the long 500 and more days of protest till Duriban receives socio-economically reasonable and acceptable compensation and reopens its new venue in a new in the area. A striking social activism demonstrated among the young indie musicians and their growth as artists through unity in modern day in Seoul, Korea. The final story of Michael flately lord of the dance series. Spectacular show Anna, 17 years old, is happy to throw her first big birthday party without her parents, but some of her guests are so stoned that they leave a big chaos and, even worse, destroy the favorite record of Anna's father. After the return of her shocked and angry parents, Anna runs away to Munich with her admirer Simon. They discover the nightlife jungle and get to know some typical urban guys. Meanwhile, Anna's parents get in touch with Simon's and try to find their children. On the way across Munich, they remember their own wild and restless youth... 'Country: Portraits of an American Sound' is a documentary film that explores the history and culture of country music through the lens of photography, which has portrayed the ideals, lifestyle and personalities of country music artists for over 80 years. The film features imagery and commentary from Grand Ole Opry photographer Les Leverett, the late celebrity photographer Leigh Wiener, documentary photographer Henry Horenstein, iconic music photographers Henry Diltz and Raeanne Rubenstein, and contemporary photographers David McClister and Michael Wilson. Over a dozen country music artists also appear, including Rosanne Cash, Roy Clark, Merle Haggard, Lyle Lovett, Charley Pride, LeAnn Rimes, Kenny Rogers, Tanya Tucker, The Band Perry and Keith Urban. The film weaves iconic images, historical footage and over 25 country music hits into a dynamic look at this uniquely American sound. Documentary inspired in the life and work of Chilean musician and engineer Jose Vicente Asuar, worldly known for his work in developing electroacoustic music, being the creator of the first musical computer in Latin America, today abandoned in a country house outside the city. The reunion of Asuar with this artifact creates a lost story that reveals the history of a essential character of our sounding biography. The special bond that develops between plus-sized inflatable robot Baymax, and prodigy Hiro Hamada, who team up with a group of friends to form a band of high-tech heroes. Johnny Cash: American Rebel is built around 12 essential Johnny Cash tracks spanning four decades that each deliver the passion, musicality and messages against war, injustice, racism and prejudice, including "Folsom Prison Blues," "Jackson," "San Quentin," "Man in Black," "Sunday Morning Coming Down," "Ring of Fire" and "Hurt." Each song illustrates a chapter in his life, as well the story of an ever-changing America from the 1950s to modern day, as told through interviews, archival concert footage, photographs and personal artifacts from the Cash family. Never Get Tired is the story of underground musician Jeff Rosenstock, who put his songs online for free and redefined punk rock for the internet age. The epic tale of Humphrey van Weyden, a tortured soul forced to live out his days under the domineering bondage of Captain Wolf Hellson, a maddening space salvager bent on chasing his own immortality through the infinite stretches of the Void. Seventeen-year-old Shiori's Gothic Lolita garb attracts a lot of fans to her interactive video blog, a stepping stone she hopes will launch her career as a model and actress. One day while handing out promotional pamphlets, she meets Ayumi, a timid 13-year old who is in awe of her and her wardrobe. Shiori is initially wary of the attention but takes pleasure in being idolized, and eventually allows the girl to get closer. Ayumi's growing infatuation becomes difficult to disguise, and their odd friendship takes an unforeseen turn after Ayumi runs away from home and quietly begins to infiltrate Shiori's life and relationship with her boyfriend. During the unique world tour of the RCO celebrating its jubilee in 2013 we meet musicians and concertgoers. The tour develops not just into a journey across the globe but also as a trip to the core of classical music, a quest for the palette of emotions which only classical music can arouse. In 2013 the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra tours the whole world to celebrate its 125th anniversary: 50 concerts spread over 6 continents. Unbounded passion and love for music brings musicians and concert goers together. Documentary maker Heddy Honigmann lands with the orchestra in Buenos Aires, Soweto and St Petersburg and shows how the ensemble succeeds in gaining the hearts of people with a different cultural background. A journey to the kernel and the power of music which knows how to touch unexpected emotions and which helps to overcome the pain of living. In 1841, young Ishmael signs up for service abroad the Pequod, a whaler sailing out of New Bedford. The ship is under the command of Captain Ahab, a strict disciplinarian who exhorts his men to find Moby Dick, the great white whale. Ahab lost his his leg to that creature and is desperate for revenge. As the crew soon learns, he will stop at nothing to gain satisfaction. A documentary film that will take viewers to Ouidah, Benin, the geographic heart of the Vodoun religion, where friends and collaborators, director Hazel Hill McCarthy, III and cultural engineer Genesis Breyer P-Orridge, explore the relationship between Vodoun and Western secular art and performance by trying to answer the question of what embodiment is. Seven lives, seven stories, one passion: Frevo. The collaborative writing of a piece which welcomes us to the world of seven great maestros of Pernambuco. Jose Menezes, Nunes, Clovis Pereira, Guedes Peixoto, Duda, Ademir Araujo and Edson Rodrigues - living legends of this rhythm that is an intangible heritage of Brazil. A journey through Frevo. A group of strangers come across a man dying after a car crash who proceeds to tell them about the $350,000 he buried in California. What follows is the madcap adventures of those strangers as each attempts to claim the prize for himself. Documentary collecting some experiences of the first two years of the "Gira interminable" tour were Silvio Rodriguez performs for the marginal neighborhoods of Havana and other provinces.  Filmed at London s Hammersmith Apollo on 12th December 1993, this previously unreleased concert film captures the then newly reformed Dio on the last night of their European tour in support of the Strange Highways album. With a line-up of Ronnie James Dio (vocals), Vinny Appice (drums), Jeff Pilson (bass) and Tracy G (guitar) the band delivered a blistering performance of tracks from their new album, previous Dio classics and favourites from Ronnie s career with Black Sabbath and Rainbow. So take a ride on Strange Highways and be blown away by one of the greatest rock bands of all time. A successful rock band from Greenland? Yes, it's not a lie. In 1973, the Greenlandic Sume released a debut album, which record time made it to all the households on the icy island. But Sume's success was not just due to their catchy beat rock, but also to the band's ability to put words to the zeitgeist, where Greenlandic culture was slowly fading away Through You Princess will follow Samantha, Kutiman, and some of the musicians around the world who are not aware of Kutiman creating his new music out of their musical web clips. Everyone is from another background, culture, and country, but all share now a mutual musical vision. A documentary/narrative film exploring the complex lives of expatriates. The main catalyst (Chocolat) is a young American performer torn between nurturing her love relationship in the USA, while maintaining a booming entertainment career in Europe. The plot evolves into a documentary medium, when Chocolat uses a small video camera as a tool to explore and question her life through interviewing others. Her questions include, why are her friends abroad? And do they intend to return to their native countries? We discover some of the common elements that drew them from their homes: economics, political climates, sexual freedom, and much more. The camera captures amazing performance art lifestyles in the backdrop of all interviews.  A man recently released from a mental institute inherits a mansion after his parents die. After a series of disturbing events, he comes to believe it is haunted. As he turns 50, filmmaker Pini Schatz sets out to explore his life-long obsession with the band Sparks (the brothers Ron and Russell Mael). Pini charts the impact of Sparks on his life while meeting with fellow Sparks fans, among them famous musicians, in Tel Aviv, London, Berlin, Rotterdam and NYC. Structured as a personal quest of the filmmaker to prove that Sparks are the coolest underrated band in the history of popular music, this docu-comedy explores the universal themes of growing old and being an outsider, the importance of art in daily life and the power of non-conformism. "Lupinranger VS Patranger VS Kyuranger" is an upcoming V-Cinext film between Kaitou Sentai Lupinranger VS Keisatsu Sentai Patranger and Uchu Sentai Kyuranger. The story begins when the Lupinrangers, Kairi, Touma, and Umika, are kidnapped by someone mysterious. The Patrangers are then tasked with an Abduction Case to find the missing thieves, where they run into the Kyuranger team as they pass through space. Just who exactly kidnapped them? And why did the 12 Kyurangers return to space? Perry is a happily married father of two living a comfortable but sedate life in the suburbs. On the occasion of his 40th birthday, he seeks to revisit his former life as the lead singer in a popular punk band though his middle-aged reality quickly (and hilariously) clashes with the indulgences of his youth. Documentary - Presenting the newest film from the family that made surf-film history, (Bruce Brown, Endless Summer, Dana Brown, Step into Liquid) Wes Brown and T.J. Barrack take us on-location to the beautiful waters of Peru where surfing is a way of life and surfers are worshiped as National Heroes. Including an enchanted visit to Machu Picchu, this surf odyssey fuses unique cultural aspects and electrifying surf footage. -  Randy Bonds, Jesse Colombo, Magoo De La Rosa Leaving Belem and crossing much of the Para State Amazon region, its towns and riverside villages, Amazonia Groove reveals artists and their traditions, faith and mysticism, music and life that pound in the northern region of Brazil. ( The story of Canada's leading poet and the A-Frame cabin he built. Now Canada's leading musicians and artists come together to tell the tale of Al Purdy. Yallah! Underground follows some of today's most influential and progressive artists in Arab underground culture from 2009 to 2013 and documents their work, dreams and fears in a time of great change for Arab societies.  In a region full of tension, young Arab artists in the Middle East have struggled for years to express themselves freely and to promote more liberal attitudes within their societies.  During the Arab Spring, like many others of this new generation, local artists had high hopes for the future and took part in the protests. However, after years of turmoil and instability, young Arabs now have to challenge both old and new problems, being torn between feelings of disillusion and a vague hope for a better future. Documentary chronicling Kenny Rogers's rise to the top and the golden era of country he ushered in Four dancers from Israel, Spain and Italy decide to take part in a cultural project and investigate the stories of some refugees from Pakistan living in camps outside Berlin.  A reflection about the possibility of the body to tell stories, deleting social and ethnic distinctions, and connecting people from different groups. The story takes place in a parallel world during a tour of the musician Daniel Melingo in Europe. What looks like real not always is. With elements of surrealism, the 1930s and the 21st century, the plot accompanies him always focused on the intermediate times, when he downs the stage, away from the show. Pro wrestling legend Steve Austin stars as a man with no name, no memory and absolutely nothing left to lose. But when he finds himself hunted by both the FBI and the Russian mob, this amnesiac decides to fight back. Pursuit cannot stop him. Torture will not break him. And with every beating, bullet and betrayal, he'll remember another piece of the horror that took away his career, his family and his identity. Now the puzzle is nearly complete, and one man is about to take back his past...by ending a whole lot of futures. Erica Cerra ("Eureka") and Adam Beach (Flags of Our Fathers) star in this explosive action-thriller about collateral damage, stone cold vengeance, and a double-crossed killing machine known only as The Stranger A documentary about an emerging scene which is on the verge of becoming mainstream - the queer hop scene. Music is an integral part of most films, adding emotion and nuance while often remaining invisible to audiences. Matt Schrader shines a spotlight on the overlooked craft of film composing, gathering many of the art form's most influential practitioners, from Hans Zimmer and Danny Elfman to Quincy Jones and Randy Newman, to uncover their creative process. Tracing key developments in the evolution of music in film, and exploring some of cinema's most iconic soundtracks, 'Score' is an aural valentine for film lovers. One man's ambitions take him on an unexpected journey to create a unique performance and mission that will change his life forever. A group of musicians and models are assembled carefully to put on his 'Runway Rock Show' concept with a simple goal: to hand out over 100,000 copies of their CD to the US Military personally. They will have to learn to stick together, as to complete their mission, they have to be ready to tour the world at a moments notice and count on each other to rock the troops! Fresh Dressed chronicles the history of Hip-Hop | Urban fashion and its rise from southern cotton plantations to the gangs of 1970s in the South Bronx, to corporate America, and everywhere in-between. Supported by rich archival materials and in depth interviews with individuals crucial to the evolution of a way of life--and the outsiders who studied and admired them--Fresh Dressed goes to the core of where style was born on the black and brown side of town. The phenomenal story of the transplant of American country music to post-World War II Japan. Two musicians from Tel Aviv travel to Jamaica to record an album with forgotten reggae artists from the past. Blending family values and life lessons with music and dance, JK's House entertains while teaching kids important life lessons about such topics as being thankful, patience, manners, caring, sharing, family focused and much more. In the future, a band of misfits uncovers the saga of an infamous rock star. Their journey takes them deep into the legend surrounding the destruction of mankind's first colony on the Moon, as they fight the largest music entity to save rock 'n' roll. For every rock and roll band striving to grab that ever elusive brass ring and 'make it' in the music business, there's a million others, equally as talented, equally as inspired, equally as hard working, that unfortunately never get their shot for a confluence of reasons...timing, fate and just plain dumb luck. Some bands were meant to succeed and others, despite their efforts, are destined to crash and burn, their golden dreams of musical stardom abruptly torpedoed and vanquished. Had the fickle hand of fate anointed them the career break they deserved, their story would have been an altogether different one. Tuff Luck would have been recognized as one of the leaders of the '80s hard rock scene. A look at the life and music of legendary singer and civil rights activist, Mavis Staples. Jag ar inte beredd att do an (I'm Not Yet Ready to Die) is a documentary that follows Laleh Pourkarim--one of Sweden's most celebrated musicians--over two years time. Laleh takes pains to maintain her privacy in spite of her popularity. This film is a rare opportunity for fans to glimpse her daily life, from her hometown of Hammarkullen to settings abroad. An Everglades community struggles to put their lives back together in the wake of a hurricane. Vincenzo Bellinis bel canto masterpiece I Capuleti e i Montecchi, inspired by the tragic tale of Romeo and Juliet, is what The New York Times calls an opera of definite dramatic appeal. Joyce DiDonato, winner of the Grammy Award and the ECHO Klassik, and Nicole Cabell as the ill-fated lovers Romeo and Giulietta headline a cast of international stars. Directed by Vincent Boussard in his U.S. debut and led by returning conductor and bel canto specialist Riccardo Frizza, this new co-production has sets created by French opera, theater and dance designer Vincent Lemaire. The production also features stunning costumes by renowned fashion designer Christian Lacroix, a frequent collaborator with Mr. Boussard and a prominent fashion icon known for both his couture house as well as his theater, ballet and opera costumes. Cassette inventor Lou Ottens digs through his past to figure out why the audiotape won't die. Rock veterans join a legion of young bands releasing music on tape to push Lou along on his journey to remember. Elton John's 'The Million Dollar Piano' is a residency at The Colosseum at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas. The show has been running since September 2011 with the most recent leg being 16 shows between March 29 and April 26 2014. The concerts are the culmination of Elton John's decades long partnership with Yamaha pianos. This film features classic Elton John tracks from across his extraordinary career performed either with his band, with percussionist Ray Cooper or solo. The multimedia staging is extraordinary with vast screens behind the stage illustrating the songs, and the piano itself acting as a screen for graphics and animations. Elton John is the ultimate live showman and this is the definitive Elton John concert experience. Toni, a tomboyish boxer, lands a spot on an after-school drill team in the West End community of Cincinnati. She eagerly absorbs routines, masters drills, and even pierces her own ears to fit in. It's the joy of her first friendships and her discovery of dance. Shortly after Toni joins the team, most of the girls on the team suffer from episodes of fainting, swooning, and shaking in a seemingly uncontrollable catharsis. Nobody can explain the mysterious outbreak. These fits soon transform into a rite of passage as the trauma draws the other girls closer together. Caught between her need for control and her desire for acceptance, Toni must decide how far she will go to embody her new ideals. Simply Red are one of the most successful British acts of all time with global album sales in excess of 50 million. Both the band and Mick Hucknall as a solo artist have been frequent visitors to Montreux across their 25 year career. This concert, filmed on July 15th 2003, was part of the tour in support of their multi-platinum album Home. It features several tracks from that album, including many of their biggest hits and best loved album tracks. It s a typically polished and sparkling Simply Red performance with Mick Hucknall in excellent voice and the band in fine form After 2000 years of history, the Arena of Verona is celebrating the Centenary of its Opera Festival with Verdi's AIDA by La Fura dels Baus. From rehearsals to the opening night, we follow the workers and artists who created the most famous operatic festival in the world. Students discover musical opportunities outside of high school, and use it to find a sense of balance in their lives.  The documentary is a portrait of concept artist Kitty Von Sometime and her journey as she creates the Weird Girls Project. The Weird Girls - "an extraordinary art event for ordinary girls" - is a one day performance, but actresses are not allowed.  From it's conception seven years ago by Kitty Von Sometime, The Weird Girls Project has quickly become a national phenomenon in Iceland and every episode is covered by the national TV and print media. Between a pop event and feminist activism, performance art and a goliardic action, the project gives voice and space to woman to freely express themselves in a fabulous and unique carnival. An experience where fire turns into snow, positive into negative, a beautiful dance of destruction. Abstract film. In 1991, the Manic Street Preachers planned to sell 16 million copies of their debut and split up. Many years, many hits and one big mystery later, this colourful band and its fans appear in a unique documentary that tells their full story. The film sketches the creative life of the protagonist Kapila. The film's narrative is structured as one day in the life of a Koodiyattam performer. This is Doro Pesch's 20th anniversary and this 2-dvd set, backed by her band featuring Joe Taylor, NIck Douglas, Johnny Dee and Olover Palotai, are featured in live footage from Balve, Germany. Disc 2 features Doro around the world, also includes 11 music videos and special session footage with Warlock, a photo session, more. In this original and fascinating new series of documentaries dedicated to Heavy Metal music and it's diverse array of musical styles and genres, this film delivers quintessential candid interviews with metal icons and the pivotal players in the music business including musicians, managers, concert promoters and the utmost devoted practitioners. The documentary is about giving fans the real inside story from the behind the scenes world of metal and hard rock with in depth interviews, ultra-rare concert footage and photographs, and the original music score from that era in this no holds barred, never before recollection of untold stories The film explores the global power and impact of the music of John Coltrane and reveals the passions, experiences and forces that shaped his life and revolutionary sounds. The film chronicles Nina Simone's journey from child piano prodigy to iconic musician and passionate activist, told in her own words. Rock & Roll spread the sound of freedom across the Iron Curtain and throughout Eastern Europe and the USSR, despite Communist attempts to outlaw it and to crush what they perceived was a contamination of their youth. Over the next thirty years, thousands of underground bands and millions of young fans who yearned for Western values helped fuel the nonvio- lent implosion of the Soviet regime. FREE TO ROCK features Presidents, diplomats, spies and rock stars from the West, the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe who reveal how Rock & Roll music was a contributing factor in ending the Cold Music, art and chaos in the wild West-Berlin of the 1980s. The walled-in city became the creative melting pot for sub- and pop-culture. Before the iron curtain fell, everything and anything seemed possible. B-Movie is a fast-paced collage of mostly unreleased film and TV footage from a frenzied but creative decade, starting with punk and ending with the Love Parade, in a city where the days are short and the nights are endless. Where it was not about long-term success, but about living for the moment - the here and now. Follow students enrolled in a Juilliard music and mentoring program targeting students underrepresented in the performing arts. Admission is based on potential, willingness and desire to learn, love for music and a certain drive. Maya is a quick-witted young woman who comes over the Mexican border without papers and makes her way to the LA home of her older sister Rosa. Rosa gets Maya a job as a janitor: a non-union janitorial service has the contract, the foul-mouthed supervisor can fire workers on a whim, and the service-workers' union has assigned organizer Sam Shapiro to bring its "justice for janitors" campaign to the building. Sam finds Maya a willing listener, she's also attracted to him. Rosa resists, she has an ailing husband to consider. The workers try for public support; management intimidates workers to divide and conquer. Rosa and Maya as well as workers and management may be set to collide. A documentary about the Famous Jeff Healey Club which opened in downtown Toronto, Canada in 2001 until its closure in 2008. The movie tells the story of the Jeff Healey club ,the A- list musicians who played there from around the world and of course the amazing talent that Jeff had as a Blind Musician who never let his disability stop him from doing what he loved most -Music. With interviews with Cristie Healey, Randy Bachman, Burton Cummings, Ronnie Hawkins and others and with rare live performance footage from the club with Jeff Healey, The Jeff Healey Blues Band, Ian Gillan, Jimmy Bowskill, Watermelon Slim and many more. The Broadway theatre world provides the background for Walter Lang's 1959 comedy about a veteran producer (Clark Gable) falling in love with his twenty-something secretary (Carroll Baker). The cast also includes Lee J. Cobb, Lilli Palmer, Barry Coe, Thomas Gomez and Charles Lane. Live Concert + Behind The Scenes from Asking Alexandria's SOLD OUT O2 Brixton Academy Headlining Concert in Jan 2013. A collage inspired by Freud. Lesley Hammond - This dazzling wildlife spectacle propels us into the very private world of some of our most endearing critters. Set across a global stage, a parade of four legged talent struts its stuff against the backdrop of some great classical works. A live action 'Fantasia' features mighty whales breaching, charging elephants, the big cats, and dozens of favourites performing with the symphony orchestra. A highly original event which will thrill everyone, particularly those who share a growing concern for the health of the planet.  -  Pamela Rabe   A talented musician, about to trade his dreams for a safe career in his girlfriend's family business, finds his voice, but loses the girl, when a mysterious record label owner introduced him to a group of Brooklyn beatboxers. Alive and Kicking gives the audience an intimate, insider's view into the culture of the current swing dance world while shedding light on issues facing modern American society. A native of Wilmington, Delaware, jazz trumpeter Clifford Brown made an outstanding and influential contribution to music. In an era when many musicians were emulating Charlie Parker's drug abuse, Brown inspired others to achieve greatness while living a clean life. Ironically, he was killed in a car accident at the age of 25.  This feature-length documentary presents a richly detailed account of Brown's life, and examines his historical importance in the context of three criteria-innovation, influence, and individuality. A document of Dexy's residency at the Duke of York Theatre in London in April, 2013. In the Philippine remake of the 2014 South Korean film of the same name, an elderly woman in her 70s suddenly finds herself to be in her 20s after having her picture taken in a mysterious photo studio. The Film brings to its viewers, a hitherto unseen and unheard narrative of one of the greatest musicians the world has ever known: A. R. Rahman Tony Bennett and Lady Gaga: Cheek to Cheek Live! is an American concert television special featuring live performances by Tony Bennett and Lady Gaga in support of their collaborative studio album, Cheek to Cheek, released in September 2014. It was held at the Rose Theater of Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts in July following the announcement of the album's release, and was aired on PBS on October 24, 2014, as part of the network's Great Performances series. The concert was watched by an audience consisting of invited guests and students from New York schools. Bennett and Gaga were joined on stage by 39-piece orchestra and jazz musicians associated with both artists. Heralded as one of the most influential musicians in the modern era, Sam Bush pioneered a new genre of music, inspired some of today's most successful commercial acts, yet he remains the music world's best-kept secret. Erbarme dich - Matthaus Passion Stories is a labyrinthine narrative in which notables such as Peter Sellars, Emio Greco, Simon Halsey and painter Rinke Nijburg explain their special relationship with Bach's St Matthew Passion to Ramon Gieling (Johan Cruijff: en un momento dado). They speak against the backdrop of a church which has fallen into disrepair, while a choir of homeless people and Pieter Jan Leusink's Bach Choir &amp; Orchestra rehearse the Passion.  Leusink isn't just the conductor, he is one of the main characters himself, with a painful past in which this musical piece has played a dominant role. Stories from the others alternate seamlessly with this. We learn how the St Matthew Passion played a decisive role in the relations between men and women, fathers and sons, fathers and daughters, mothers and their unborn children, and finally that in spite of our differences we all find a common denominator in the secret of Bach's music. They say that the Eurovision Song contest is the gay Mondial, but if you ask Rita, Leon and Daniel, they would prefer that the entire country cross fingers for 'Douze Points' for Israel. The film follows Asaf, a Eurovision fan, who is trying to get accepted into the 'Eurovisionist' community via the three members, Rita, Leon and Daniel. During his journey, Asaf finds out about their way of life, about the changing effect of the Eurovision Song Contest on it over time and the encounter between the glittering Eurovision world and Israeli reality nowadays. Shuhao is a 24 year old Taiwanese university graduate. His older brother Shuwei, whom he has idolized since childhood, dies on a bicycle ride to Lhasa. He decides to complete Shuwei's journey, hoping to prove himself through this challenging trip.  Shuhao's inexperience almost sees him headed over a cliff one dark night. Food poisoning nearly costs him his life just after surviving an attack by a pack of menacing Tibetan Mastiffs. In the end, Shuhao arrives in Lhasa to see the Potola Palace. His lonely journey, filled with laughter and tears, brings him to the discovery of a new purpose in life. From their early formation in Philadelphia's underground music scene, to their business partnership with a local, independent record label, filmmaker Justin J. Jackson's documentary Rosetta: Audio/Visual chronicles the musical accomplishments, monetary struggles, and intimate friendships of blue-collar, do-it-yourself, post-metal band Rosetta. Every album is a creative milestone, each tour a test of faith. Four years in the making, Rosetta: Audio/Visual tells the story of emotional and material sacrifice made by an electronics technician, high school civics teacher, coffee shop barista, and martial arts instructor in order to achieve financial control and artistic freedom.  A feature-length documentary on the great drummer Sam Lay, who backed Muddy Waters and Little Walter, played in Howlin' Wolf's band, and was a member of the seminal, integrated Paul Butterfield Blues Band, playing with the members of that band when they backed Bob Dylan when he went electric at Newport.  Down the years Sam Lay, now 80, has continued to play, working with the Siegel-Schwall Band and the Chamber Blues group, which combines blues and classical. Nirbaak is a hyperlink narrative comprising four love stories connected by a single woman. Every love story comprises one entity which is silent and thus Nirbaak (Speechless) Move On is a road movie like no other, because it is inspired by film fans from all over Europe! This breath-taking movie directed by Asger Leth features Mads Mikkelsen on a secret mission in 8 episodes, each taking place in a different European country. A criminological philosophical cinematographical musical comedy with the female music band Les Reines Prochaines. The film is made up of cinematic excerpts, stage performances and interviews with the protagonists. A lesbian trash movie, Pulp Fiction meets Dada. "Planes, Trains And Eric" follows Eric Clapton and his band on the Far and Middle Eastern leg of his 2014 World Tour. The film features 13 full length performances from the tour intercut with interviews with Eric Clapton and the band members, rehearsal and soundcheck footage, travel by trains and planes, presentations and "fly on the wall" filming of all the many aspects of being on the road with Eric Clapton. In the film, Cunard is a jewel thief pursuing the same wealthy marks as another thief played by Francis Ford, brother of director John Ford and himself a director and character actor. While in a hotel room in Mystic, CT, Aaron eats noodles, watches TV, takes a bath, makes a phone call, and sleeps.  Bay Area rapper Mac Dre began his career at 18 and quickly became an influential force in early west coast hip-hop. In 1992 he was convicted of conspiracy to commit bank robbery when his lyrics were used against him in court. He left prison with a new lease on life, founded an independent record company, and then was murdered just when he began to emerge as a star. For the first time ever, his mother Wanda reveals the true experiences of a hip-hop legend. No overview found A documentary on the acclaimed rock band Scorpions Evicted from his squat and suddenly alone on the streets, George is a man without a home. Struggling with his demons and desperately trying to connect with the daughter he abandoned, he navigates the system, hustling for change and somewhere safe and quiet to gather his thoughts. But the streets are relentless and soon, George finds himself teetering on the edge, alone and abandoned. Tunis, summer 2010, a few months before the Revolution: Farah, 18 years old, has just graduated and her family already sees her as a future doctor. But she doesn't have the same idea. She sings in a political rock band, has a passion for life, gets drunk, discovers love and her city by night against the wishes of her mother Hayet, who knows Tunisia and its dangers all too well. Cold Season is an independent modern day musical that follows an up-and- coming musician, who upon selling her bed frame to an immobilized stranger on Christmas Eve, decides to spend the night helping him build it. Together they are forced to confront secrets of their past and present while connecting through music. Two strangers meet and fall in love during the weekend that they are planning their respective weddings. How do funky machismo and buddhism go together in one man? This music documentary takes you into the groove of Joseph Bowie and his Defunkt, a major innovator in the history of jazz funk. El Mejunje de Silverio' is a cultural centre located in Cuba. Rock concerts, exhibitions, theatrical performances, and children's shows are held there. But the venue is best known as a meeting place for the transsexuals, gays and lesbians, thus creating a fascinating melting pot of LGBT community, children and artists. An independently made work of video nonfiction that follows the lives of a group of people running a Christmas Tree shop. Nick Koenig, aka Hot Sugar, is in a hot mess. Considered a modern-day Mozart, the young electronic musician/producer records sounds from everyday life--from hanging up payphone receivers to Hurricane Sandy rain--and chops, loops and samples them into Grammy Award-nominated beats. He's living the life every musician dreams of, complete with an internet-phenom girlfriend, rapper/singer "Kitty." But when she dumps him, Hot Sugar is set adrift. Fleeing to Paris, he tries to regroup, searching for new sounds and a sense of self.  Filmmaker Adam Lough mixes scenes of Hot Sugar at work on his vintage recording devices with surprising soul-searching reflections he offers to the camera. As tweets and posts about the broken couple blow up on the internet, Hot Sugar's road trip presses onward, revealing even more exotic layers of the man and his music. Fun and flash, this lyrical journey offers audiences a fascinating peek into a modern artist's creative process. Paris in the 1920s. Marguerite Dumont is a wealthy woman with a passion for music and the opera. For years, she has performed regularly for a circle of guests. But Marguerite sings tragically out of tune and no one has ever told her. Her husband and her close friends have always encouraged her in her illusions. Things become very complicated the day she gets it into her head to perform in front of a genuine public, at the Opera. Outermost Radio is a feature-length documentary that takes an intimate look at a community on the tip of Cape Cod, far from the mainland and out of the mainstream, committed to keeping their freedom of expression alive, and their non-profit community radio station on the air. Meet the people who bring their love of music, controversial points of view, and authenticity to the airwaves. College students, Terry, Nancy and Gloria are on their way to a rock concert, driving through a torrential rainstorm...only to crash their car, badly injuring one of them. Seeking shelter and aid they come across a house occupied by a man-hating mother and her daughter, our trio soon wish they hadn't. A former model, serving time in prison, becomes a key witness in a trial against a notorious gangster. She is put under protective watch by the District Attorney in a posh hotel, but the crime kingpin makes attempts to get to her. Until the late 1970s, the Pakistani city of Lahore was world-renowned for its music. Following the Islamization of Pakistan, many artists struggled to continue their life's work. Song of Lahore turns the spotlight on a group of stalwart musicians that kept playing and ultimately attracted listeners from around the world. Ten years ago, horror came about in Buenos Aires. During a rock concert in a nightclub, 194 people died in what is known as the tragedy of Cromanon. Since then, survivors together with the victims' relatives and acquaintances began to go through a long and intricate journey looking for justice. But, what is justice? What does it mean to us? In the summer of 2014, the world's most awesome supergroup hit the road. Big time. Of those unforgettable shows, none was so immense as the band's 3-night residency at London's worldfamous O2 arena. Flying DeLoreans? Check. A live performance by English alternative rock group Elbow at the Jodrell Bank Observatory in Manchester, England on June 23, 2012. A music-driven documentary about a deaf gypsy girl falling in love with Bollywood. When Maria (Lisa Carlehed) meets Niels for the first time, he comes across as an angry and unsympathetic young man. His chronic illness has been concentrated into a single wish - to go to a Swiss nursing home for euthanasia. But in order to get there, he needs a volunteer escort. Pierre Schaeffer, the father of musique concrete, whose greatest legacy is electronic music, invited us to consider music in terms of sounds rather than notes. Today, every sound can be recorded, hijacked, manipulated and reinvented into an original musical creation. SOUNDHUNTERS - a musical expedition - traces the adventure of KIZ, two new coming musicians, into the world of Soundhunters. From Paris to Malmo, from London to Baltimore, the film follows their encounters with exceptional musicians (Matthew Herbert, Chassol, Matmos, Jean Michel Jarre, Blixa Bargeld or Cosmo Sheldrake) from very different backgrounds and genres. Integrating the sounds from their journey into exciting musical scenes, KIZ playfully show us how the world can be turned into a limitless music instrument. Helge Schneider's extraordinary talent is his ability to improvise which shows his unfailing creativity. "I paint the everyday-life in the brightest colors myself", he says about himself. Reality and fiction are tough to tell apart in his life. How does a man like him, who doesn't want his audience to know too much about himself, react on a documentary portraying him as a person?  August 16, 1977. All of America was stunned by the news of Elvis Presley's untimely passing. Some went so far as to believe that it couldn't be true. Somehow he had faked his death. For the executives at Sun Records that fantasy became an opportunity in the form of Orion, a mysterious masked performer with the voice of The King. First appearing in 1979, Orion recorded 11 albums and performed live to packed houses and rapturous fans around the nation. But who was the man behind the mask?  In this stranger-than-fiction true story, Jeanie Finlay exposes the incredible life of an unknown singer plucked from obscurity and thrust into the spotlight with the complicity of a manipulative music industry and a public fan base unwilling to let The King go. Resonant in its themes of identity, fate, and the double-edged nature of fame, Orion is a stylish mystery story that finally gives a name and a face to a gifted artist who had been unjustly deprived of both. Shuhao is a 24 year old Taiwanese university graduate. His older brother Shuwei, whom he has idolized since childhood, dies on a bicycle ride to Lhasa. He decides to complete Shuwei's journey, hoping to prove himself through this challenging trip.  Shuhao's inexperience almost sees him headed over a cliff one dark night. Food poisoning nearly costs him his life just after surviving an attack by a pack of menacing Tibetan Mastiffs. In the end, Shuhao arrives in Lhasa to see the Potola Palace. His lonely journey, filled with laughter and tears, brings him to the discovery of a new purpose in life. Kyaw Kyaw, a 25-year-old Burmese Punk, obsessively tries to develop the Punk scene in Myanmar. Although the former military dictatorship has experienced a number of democratic reforms, Kyaw Kyaw remains skeptical. Together with his punk band, Kyaw Kyaw raises awareness for the continuing violation of human rights. Christmas Eve. On his way to his in-laws with his family, Frank Harrington decides to try a shortcut, for the first time in 20 years. It turns out to be the biggest mistake of his life. Documentary/performance-film hybrid about the famed music scene in Nashville. Features performances from many stars of the day. Marcus Cotten's film/music essay examines the average day with the intervention of a little bit of imagination. Through melody, image, color, and natural sound, his film constructs a look at the connecting world we live in--language, growth, time, man, and celebration; city, ocean, discovery, color, and light--in 25 non-linear sections. The music, composed and performed by Cotten, was created simultaneously with the film, underscoring an expression of the intrinsic duality of human perception. Cotten employs a system to create an emotional compass for the viewer using three primary colors: red for dark outlook, yellow for uncertainty, and blue for optimism. The singer-songwriter Lucio Dalla seen through the eyes of the person closest to him in the last twenty years: Marco Alemanno. The tale of how they met and how he grew on a human, professional, and artistic level standing by Dalla's side. And much more: daily and deeper aspects of his life, his love for Southern Italy, his passion for cinema, his relationship with music, his bulimic curiosity of launching himself into new artistic adventures, his mercurial energy and his boundless sense of humor.  After Sunny's time now, his portrait of the American Free jazz drumming legend Sunny Murray, filmmaker Antoine Prum turns his attention to the British Free Improvised Music scene in this new music documentary. Following the leads of artistic advisor Tony Bevan, it retraces the road that leads from its emergence and emancipation from the various free music movements of the 1960s to the recent surge in popularity as talented new players are coming to the fore. In his search for the Britishness of British Free Improvised Music, Prum and Bevan are assisted by stand-up comedian and Derek Bailey expert Stewart Lee, who converses with musicians from different generations and backgrounds to uncover the specifics of a genre that refutes the very notion of genre. Lida, a careerdriven woman in her late 20s in the developing metropolis of Phnom Penh, Cambodia, sells modern and upscale real estate developments to the growing middle and upper class in contemporary Cambodia. Lida may be thriving as a top real estate agent, but in her personal life , her relationship with her photographer boyfriend is deteriorating. Unable to escape the trauma and prison of her interior monologue, she travels to the quiet beach town of Kep, Cambodia, with her close companions. While the growth and modernization of the city promote an urban and cultural erasure, Kep reveals treasures from Cambodia's heritage. It is there that Lida discovers that the specters from the past haunt in sublime and beautiful ways. Private eye Jake Gittes lives off of the murky moral climate of sunbaked, pre-World War II Southern California. Hired by a beautiful socialite to investigate her husband's extra-marital affair, Gittes is swept into a maelstrom of double dealings and deadly deceits, uncovering a web of personal and political scandals that come crashing together. Imagine waking up tomorrow and all music has disappeared. Just like that. What will remain when it is all gone: CDs, iPods, instruments? An investigation into whether some of Johann Sebastian Bach's most famous works might actually have been composed by his second wife, Anna Magdalena. Accomplished academic, musician and forensic document examiner, Professor Martin Jarvis, comes up against significant resistance from the Bach orthodoxy when he presents his evidence supporting this theory.  An army recruit was found dead during a 24km road march. After the death of the recruit, strange things started to happen, haunting all the soldiers in the barracks. 'Whispering' Bob Harris journeys to America's country music capital to reveal why Nashville became Music City USA. From the beginnings of the Grand Ole Opry on commercial radio, through the threatening onset of rock 'n' roll in the 1950s, right up to the modern mainstream hits of Music Row, this is the story of how music has shaped Nashville and why today it's a place of pilgrimage for musicians from all over the world.  As well as iconic venues on Lower Broadway and the historic hit factories of 16th Avenue, Bob also explores the East Nashville music scene and discovers a rebellious flipside to the country coin. With exclusive performances from the city's top talent, Bob explains why country music owes its enduring success to Nashville's unique nurturing community of songwriters.  Includes interviews with Emmylou Harris, Duane Eddy, Dave Stewart and Rosanne Cash. A lady has her prim and proper life turned upside down after discovering her husband's affair. Ahmed, originally from Somalia, was born into violence, with civil war ravaging his country. He is now a refugee desperate to improve his life, and that of his family. A documentary celebrating the men whose vocal stylings have carried the torch for soul across six decades.. Featuring footage of Brenton Wood performing Gimme Little Sign and Curtis Mayfield singing Keep On Keeping On, as well as appearances by Billy Preston, Bill Withers, Billy Ocean, Alexander O'Neal, Barry White, Bobby Womack and many more. Imperfect Harmony is a film about musical control, explored through a clash between two maestros: avant-garde rebel and Holland's best-known composer, Louis Andriessen, and chief conductor at Amsterdam's Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra, Mariss Jansons. Half a century ago Andriessen vowed he would never compose for a symphony orchestra again. But, against all the odds and after much deliberation, he has agreed to do so. The occasion is the Concertgebouw Orchestra's 125th jubilee year concert and the commission is a present from the Concertgebouw to the orchestra. Juno Award-winning musician Kinnie Starr is on a quest to find out why only 5% of music producers are women even though many of the most bankable pop stars are female. What does it take for a woman to make it in music? A concert film designed to bring the live Thrilling Adventure Hour experience to those unable to attend a recording of the show was filmed, as a result of the $165,000 that was raised through the show's Kickstarter campaign. Blackhearts takes a fresh look at the notorious Norwegian black metal music scene - but from a striking new angle. It travels to South America, Europe and the Middle East to follow three black metal die hards who hail from extreme religious and political backgrounds. Jack Ridge is a former piano prodigy living on a farm he has let go to seed. He's living in the past, but the future is coming for him. Discover the hidden secrets of a timeless mystery in this award winning film about the greatest Crop Circle formations ever created. The creators of these paranormal formations still remain a mystery. After years of painstaking research, scientific evidence still points to alien influences that are responsible for this phenomena. One thing is certain, what you are about to see in this amazing film can only be described as miraculous evidence of a secret art form that continues to defy explanation. Includes spectacular cinematography of the latest, greatest and most up to date Crop Circles and a fascinating series of spellbinding interviews with researchers, experiencers, and the best known, most credible Crop Circle authorities in the world today. Packed with expert analyses and an exclusive cinematic archive of the latest and greatest Crop Circle formations ever captured on film. A satire of 1990s pop culture. Ayan falls in love with his soulmate, Alizeh, but she doesn't reciprocate the feeling. Later, a relationship with Saba helps him realize Alizeh's value in his life, irrespective of their relationship status. In December 2016 a remarkable chapter in music history was closed as the Finnish punk rock band Pertti Kurikan Nimipaivat (PKN) retired.  Punk Voyage is a feature length documentary film about the last years of the band, with all the ups and downs included.  After becoming celebrities in Finland, this incredible quartet continued to conquer new fans around the World. In its seven years run PKN played nearly 300 gigs in 16 countries. In 2015 the band was selected to represent Finland in the Eurovision Song Contest, where they played to over 100 million television spectators.  However, the busy traveling and success created a lot of pressure within the band: Kari struggled with the temptations and responsibilities brought by publicity; Sami extended his territory to politics and religion; Toni's and the band's roadie Niila's crush to the the same girl caused conflicts; and Pertti, tired of this all, decided to retire. Anti is an 18-year-old gypsy boy with a passion for playing the guitar. He lives in a gypsy slum in a remote corner of Hungary. By an unexpected opportunity he has a chance to break out now from his hopeless situation. He gets selected to the Snetberger Music Talent Center among sixty other young talents. He is mesmerized by the chance of a better life and hopes for a miracle. Although it turns out soon that he has a huge disadvantage compared to the others, even to the gypsy students. He can't read the music sheets and he is not used to regular practice. The sensitive and lovable boy's story is full of unexpected twists and turns. The viewer is carried with his honesty and special humor. Through Anti's story the feature-length documentary gives a glimpse into the work of the Snetberger Music Talent Center with great music and memorable moments from the life of the Talent Camp. A young woman who lives in a desert trailer park must choose between caring for her hapless father and sick friend or fulfilling her own destiny. The passionate story of two young salsa dancers from Montreal, in love with dancing and each other, who, over three ambitious years, set their sights on winning a World Salsa Championship After ten years of doing nothing, Orel and Gringe are in their mid 30s and they struggle to finish their first rap album. Their texts are mostly sex jokes and booze stories and reflect the everyday life they have in a small town from France. The problem is that they never really finished a song and when their producers want to meet, they have to face a new challenge : finish their first song in the next 24h. Their old issues, the fear of failure, their alcoholic friends and annoying girlfriends won't help them to do so, or will they ? There are lot of things that bind India and Pakistan together and their tragic history is definitely one of them. A history which changed the lives of millions...a history which re-wrote the destinies of millions. Ishq Ke Parindey is a love story of Indo-Pak love birds - Sheen and Faiz who protect the flame of their sacred love from hatred and violence. An innocent and beautiful Pakistani girl, Sheen arrives in Lucknow along with her family. It is in the royal city of Nawabs that she meets her soul mate - Faiz. Love blossoms for both of them and what follows is a deadly fight against their families. Ishq Ke Parindey is a soulful journey of Sheen and Faiz's love story. On a sunny day in September 2014, Jeff Lynne, head honcho of 70s hit-making band ELO, took to the stage in London's Hyde Park and, with the help of his backing band and the strings of the BBC Concert Orchestra, brought to a close Radio 2's Live in Hyde Park annual festival. After an absence from the live stage for 28 years, this headline set by Jeff Lynne's ELO was a much-anticipated and talked-about event. In front of 50,000 people, Jeff Lynne delivered a rousing and crowd-pleasing string of the Electric Light Orchestra's chart-topping hits, including Livin' Thing, Sweet Talkin' Woman, Don't Bring Me Down, Mr Blue Sky, and Roll Over Beethoven. And there was also Jeff's touching tribute to his band buddies from Traveling Wilburys, in his performance of their 1988 hit Handle With Care. Cattle baron Matt Devereaux raids a copper smelter that is polluting his water, then divides his property among his sons. Son Joe takes responsibility for the raid and gets three years in prison. Matt dies from a stroke partly caused by his rebellious sons and when Joe gets out he plans revenge. A has-been New York rock-star teams up with a wannabe filmmaker to destroy hipster culture in New York... if they don't destroy each other first. Guyanese singer/songwriter Nhojj records same-sex versions of classic love songs in NYC. His goal is inclusion of the LGBTQ community in human nature's most basic need - love.   Four runaway teenagers are catapulted on a wild and uplifting road trip out of the city and across the water to a magical island music festival. A story about an aspiring professional singer and a rock singer who collaborates in a song. As they work on their song, they start to develop feelings for each other. Ricky Rapper and Nighthawk Ricky find a buried treasure while digging for worms. Archaeological excavations begin at the site, and when a valuable iron-age ring vanishes, it becomes apparent that there's a site-robbing "nighthawk" at work here. The story of two couples - Xico and Olga, Tuca and Dina - through 20 years of friendship, from adolescent dreams to maturity frustrations. They meet in a small town in the State of Sao Paulo, but one of the couples decides to try their luck in the big city. As background, the political events in the 60's and 70's, and how they affect their lives. Being kidnapped shatters a brother and sister's harmony, forcing them to confront their desires. This complex portrait of modern-day life on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation explores the bond between a brother and his younger sister, who find themselves on separate paths to rediscovering the meaning of home. Documentary following Roger Miret and Vinnie Stigma of the band, Agnostic Front who played a key role in defining, shaping and establishing the sound and cultural code of conduct for the still-thriving movement. Unlike the dozens of bands that have come and gone, Agnostic Front is still going strong. Gotta dance! In a Phnom Penh karaoke bar in 2009 Australian musician Julien Poulson hears the extraordinary voice of poor village girl Srey Thy. The result is tempestuous cross-cultural romance and the birth of The Cambodian Space Project, a thrilling musical explosion that wows audiences worldwide with sounds from the 1960s and '70s golden age of Cambodian rock. Filmed over five years this intimate documentary tells the story of performers whose struggle to overcome poverty, trauma and obscurity has never been easy. Dave Chappelle takes on gun culture, the opioid crisis and the tidal wave of celebrity scandals in this defiant stand-up special. WHO IS GIL SCOTT-HERON? was released alongside "Nothing New", an album of stripped down acoustic versions of songs from Gil's back catalogue, recorded with Richard Russell in New York between 2005 and 2009. This film speaks to the uniquely inherent traits that drummers and percussionists possess as natural explorers of music and sound, and how this particular story explores the challenge of translating foreign voices of percussive expression into the dialect of a Western classical orchestra setting. Five accomplished percussionists, Drum, and a rock star composer, Stewart Copeland, come together with the Dallas Symphony Orchestra to create a groundbreaking work. The Movie follows pop music super star around on his tour at the staples center! Filmed in the spectacular surroundings of the Arena di Verona, a Roman amphitheatre originally built in 30 AD, this concert from the summer of 2011 sees Deep Purple joined on stage by a full symphony orchestra for performances of all their classic tracks. One of the most successful bands of all time, Westlife have had 14 number one singles, more than 20 top 10 hits and have sold a staggering 45 million albums during their 14 year career.  In 2012 Westlife embark on what will be their final tour together. Over a three month period The Farewell Tour travels to more than 100 venues worldwide culminating in a spectacular homecoming concert to 85,000 fans at Croke Park Stadium in Dublin..  Essential for all Westlife fans, this DVD captures this once in a lifetime moment recorded at their final concert at Croke Park and invites fans to join Shane, Mark, Kian and Nicky for an epic music event and unforgettable farewell. Lovestruck: The Musical: Tells the story of Harper (Jane Seymour), one of the best dancers to hit Broadway. But an injury caused her to leave the spotlight, become a choreographer, and raise her daughter, Mirabella (Sara Paxton). When Mirabella, the star of Harper's next big production, decides to quit the show to get married, her mother is determined to put a stop to the wedding and show Mirabella that she cannot give up her career for love, especially to marry playboy Marco (Alexander DiPersia). The hitherto overlooked story of one of British music's most influential and game-changing bands. Joe Gideon is at the top of the heap, one of the most successful directors and choreographers in musical theater. But he can feel his world slowly collapsing around him - his obsession with work has almost destroyed his personal life, and only his bottles of pills keep him going. Amateur 'chefs' from around the country compete for a million dollar prize in the ultimate food fight. Inspired by true events, this is a story about what happens when two outsiders from opposite corners of the world are thrown together: Brazil and Germany. Marten Brueckling, a retired music teacher from Germany, has inherited an original sheet of music from Bachs son. Marten has to collect the sheet in person in the beautiful Baroque city of Ouro Preto in the heart of Brazil. But Brazil is not for beginners: Funny circumstances drives hm to teach music to the kids of a juvenile detention center. Bachs music and Brazilian instruments mix perfectly. One of the kids is Fernando, a lovable, abandoned boy, who lived on the streets. But Marten discovers that they have more in common as he thought. Two of the most notorious unsolved cases in the history of American crime - the murders of renowned rap stars Tupac Shakur and Biggie Smalls - have been the subject of exhaustive investigations, relentless speculation, and a web of conspiracy theories and dark secrets. Now, for the first time, the true story behind these sensational cases is laid bare in "Murder Rap: Inside the Biggie and Tupac Murders". Using information sourced from hundreds of police case files, taped confessions never shown before, and interviews with the lead detective and witnesses, this is the riveting account of the task force that finally exposed the shocking truth behind the deaths of these two rap music icons. An abused 15 year old is charged with a murder that carries the death penalty in this fact-based story. This spectacular live concert sees Toto celebrating their 35th Anniversary at the Atlas Arena in Lodz, Poland during their 2013 World Tour. The show epitomises the combination of craft, heart and drive that has been Toto s trademark throughout their career in a set packed with hits and classic album tracks. The individual band members have played on many of the best known and most successful records in history but when they come together as Toto they create music that is uniquely special. This is Toto at their very best. With an unchanged line-up stretching back to 1969 and global album sales in excess of 50 million, ZZ Top continue to delight fans around the world with brilliant live concerts and great music. The band has made a number of visits to Montreux over the years and this concert from the 2013 Festival is undoubtedly one of their finest live performances. The set list blends tracks from early seventies albums such as Tres Hombres and Fandango through their eighties blockbuster period with Eliminator and Afterburner and up to their most recent release and return to their blues roots with La Futura . The middle section of the concert features a jazz-blues tribute to the late Montreux Festival founder Claude Nobs with guest appearances by Mike Flanigin on Hammond Organ and Van Wilks on guitar. ZZ Top, the lil ol band from Texas , are rocking the blues as strongly as ever! Refugee here I am, is a musical documentary based on the life of a Congolese Musician Enzo Ikah, a refugee and a renown reggae artist living in Istanbul. Aboisterous gang of animals in various wacky aircraft compete in a race to see who can get to Ireland first. The winners unfortunately wind up in a haunted house when they get there. Like a noise rock Brave New World with echoes of Alphaville, this gorgeous black and white vision of Japan after a nuclear disaster pits chaos against control and secret agents against an oppressive government agency. A live performance film documenting Big Dance Theater's production Another Telepathic Thing, a piece partially inspired by Mark Twain's "The Mysterious Stranger." Annabel's has long been the playground for the rich and famous, and now its story comes to life in this 50-year history of the most celebrated nightclub in the world. Renowned for its discretion, and as a haunt of some of our greatest celebrities, the film offers a hitherto unseen glimpse into the rarefied worlds behind the doors of 44 Berkeley Square.  As London's very first members-only club, Annabel's remains the only nightclub visited by the Queen, and once courted infamy for refusing entry to the Beatles. The documentary provides a cultural biopsy of London since the Second World War, and the club's history from inception through to the present day. After the highs of winning the world championships, the Bellas find themselves split apart and discovering there aren't job prospects for making music with your mouth. But when they get the chance to reunite for an overseas USO tour, this group of awesome nerds will come together to make some music, and some questionable decisions, one last time. A sound journey accros the mountains, deserts and forests of Ethiopia and its cultural universe. Roaring Abyss will take you through an inedit collection of music recordings of unvaluable importance for the transmission and preservation of the African heritage.  The growth story of Infinite like never seen before. Their youth drama starts now!  Infinite is now 4 years into their debut and have become a worldwide superstar with a world tour over 11 countries and 17 cities. However, they talk about the things they've kept bottled up inside and reflect on one another, even showing tears.  They've traveled a long road, will their passion for their dreams continue? In the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, music can save the soul of the city, but can the musicians save themselves? A winning portrait of Italian-born Auckland concert pianist Flavio Villani as he returns like the prodigal son to Italy for his concert debut, scaling one of the summits of the Romantic repertoire. Two disconnected sisters are summoned to clean out their childhood bedrooms before their parents sell their family home.  Romantic Warriors III is a documentary about the Canterbury Scene of British progressive rock in the late 60's and early 70's. It features a number of bands such as The Wilde Flowers, Soft Machine, Caravan, Gong, Hatfield and the North, and National Health. Utilizing vinyl borrowed exclusively from Afrika Bambaataa's historic and genre-defining record collection, DJ Shadow and Cut Chemist's acclaimed Renegades Of Rhythm set touches down in Oakland, California in this professionally-documented film experience.  You're there in the audience as the two DJ's unravel the evolution of Hip-Hop music and culture, using the same artifacts that helped create it.  "Not just any records- the MASTER OF RECORDS' records." Following Pentatonix on their sold out 2015 tour featuring behind-the-scenes footage, live performances and the making of their debut album + over 25 minutes of extras including deleted scenes, On My Way Home tour video, & more! A documentary feature about Kimoto Sr. and his merry band of musical kids from Eastern Switzerland, directed by Kimoto Jr. Mainly in Swiss German. A naive girl with dreams of stardom, marries a powerful man, who abuses her while running a foundation that protects abused women. Some of rock's biggest stars are included in this collection of 18 innovative and exciting new wave, metal and hard rock music videos from the "anything goes" days of the 1980s and early 1990s, when video emerged as a form of artistic expression. Highlights include "Love Is a Battlefield," by Pat Benatar, "Wild Wild Life" by Talking Heads, "Ride Like the Wind," by Saxon, Cutting Crew's "(Between a) Rock and a Hard Place" and much more. An in-concert film of Take That performing live at The 02 in London on June 19, 2015. A feature documentary by Oscar nominee Shuibo Wang, on the life and music of a group of rebellious punk rockers in China. As glam rock's most flamboyant survivors, X Japan ignited a musical revolution in Japan during the late '80s with their melodic metal. Twenty years after their tragic dissolution, X Japan's leader, Yoshiki, battles with physical and spiritual demons alongside prejudices of the West to bring their music to the world. To save a small business a group of outsiders decides to form a rock band. An in depth look at the world of Parrot Heads, the loyal fan base of Jimmy Buffett. Between the Buried and Me's "Coma Ecliptic" was recorded in January and February of 2015 with longtime producer Jamie King at Basement Recordings in North Carolina. "The Making of Coma Ecliptic" follows vocalist/keyboardist Tommy Rogers, guitarist Paul Waggoner, guitar Dustie Waring, bassist Dan Briggs and dummer Blake Richardson, offering an in-depth and behind-the-scenes look into this recording process. Directed and edited by Justin Reich, with additional footage supplied by Blake Faucette. Eleven comedic vignettes featuring conversations - some important, some less so - held in restaurants over coffee and cigarettes (how quickly time flies - cigarettes are banned in Russia's restaurants now). The conversations are candid, and even veer into the territory of murder. In the final credits, the director apologizes to Jim Jarmusch, whose work (in the anthology Coffee and Cigarettes, which Jarmusch shot in pieces over many years) Oldenburg-Svintsov is clearly indebted to. Sex, Coffee, Cigarettes's kinship with Jarmusch's film extends to the fact that superstars play tiny roles in almost all of the vignettes. XOXO follows six strangers whose lives collide in one frenetic, dream-chasing, hopelessly romantic night. Two detectives are hired to find a stolen gold record on a television channel. Arcade Fire's first feature film is called 'The Reflektor Tapes'. The project is "a unique cinematic experience, meeting at the crossroads of documentary, music, art and personal history." Filmed at The Wiltern, Los Angeles. November 1, 2014 Set includes many hits, and 3 songs off of Black Veil Bride's newest self-titled album. Featuring Andy Biersack (vocals) Ashley Purdy (bass) Christian (CC) Coma (drums) Jake Pitts (Lead guitar) Jeremy (Jinxx) Ferguson The "Devil's Evil Guitar" has been removed from the world by the supreme being, and rock and roll is a thing of the past in this newly puritanical environment. But what happens when the guitar is sent back by Vicious, an angel punk? Optimistic and cheerful TV producer, Kelly, doesn't have time for love. Bad boy celebrity chef, Stephen, doesn't have time for anything besides cooking. Fun with a side of love ensues as Kelly and Stephen are paired on a children's cooking show. "Highly Strung" A story of passion...of obsession...and possession A journey into a rarefied world of elusive tones evoked by horsehair on catgut, of investors lured to spend millions on unique instruments. The deadly sins of lust, jealousy and greed jostle with the purity of philanthropy and sonic perfection. A duel of tension and harmony in a Quartet of youthful virtuosi expanding their skills on a clutch of rare Guadagninis. An exploration of the mystery and the lost, delicate art of constructing these robust masterpieces Exquisite imagery will illuminate a complex history of enduring instruments and their temporary custodians. And then there's the music!  When popular college kid Max sees his finals at risk, he calls in the help of his long lost and nerdy friend Ruben. Together with the comedic help of "chick-magnet" and Marroccon street hustler Youseff, they decide to throw the biggest exams-party ever dreamt possible, while getting to know themselves and each other in a thorough manner. The film tells the story of the energetic and pulsating singer Elis Regina since her arrival in Rio de Janeiro at age 19 until her tragic and early death. Despite all the difficulties, success comes fulminant and the life of Elis Regina gained national and international recognition, becoming undoubtedly considered today the greatest Brazilian singer of all time. Following a very public fall from grace, country music star Faith Winters seeks refuge in her rural Texas hometown, where she rediscovers feelings for her high school sweetheart, the local pastor. But the homecoming is bittersweet. The famous rock band The Paperback music is convened for a big concert at Big Depression. Arriving at their destination, no musical event seems ready for that day, but suddenly a secret passage opens to the planet Planio, where dictator Balthazar has banned all kinds of music. A portrait of Keith Richards that takes us on a journey to discover the genesis of his sound as a songwriter, guitarist and performer. In what has become an Umphrey's tradition, the band followed up a legendary Red Rocks performance with an intimate Colorado theater show. With palpable energy filling the room well before the first note, the Boulder Theater crowd knew they were in for a treat. Never ones to leave anything on the table, Umphrey's pulled out a set list with a slew of songs that hadn't seen the light of day in Colorado for years.  Rock it in the comfort of your living room in stunning HD.  Hold on tight. Rage. Rest. Repeat. A 12 year old boy with a passion for dance and his brother are rescued from the streets by an old showman who takes them to live with his estranged former dancing partner/brother. Vietnam veteran 'Four Leaf' Tayback's memoir, Tropic Thunder, is being made into a film, but Director Damien Cockburn can't control the cast of prima donnas. Behind schedule and over budget, Cockburn is ordered by a studio executive to get filming back on track, or risk its cancellation. On Tayback's advice, Cockburn drops the actors into the middle of the jungle to film the remaining scenes but, unbeknownst to the actors and production, the group have been dropped in the middle of the Golden Triangle, the home of heroin-producing gangs. Shot in Cincinnati, Making Morning Star presents a behind-the-scenes look at the joys and challenges of developing a new American opera. Featuring interviews with composer Ricky Ian Gordon, librettist William M. Hoffman, and director Ron Daniels, the film captures the delicate collaborative balance of personalities during an intense workshop hosted by the Cincinnati Opera and the University of Cincinnati's Conservatory of Music An exploration of Gunhill Road's return to music 40 years after breaking into the Billboard Top 40 charts in 1973. Every 40 Years is about second chances and the power of chasing your dream down one more time. The story of R&B singer and actress Aaliyah; namely, the highs and lows of her career, her romantic pursuits, and the events leading up to her death in 2001 at the age of 22. Los Punks: We Are All We Have is an intimate documentary about the teens and young adults who find meaning in the thriving punk rock scene in the backyards of South Central and East Los Angeles. The Ritchie Blackmore Story traces the long and winding road of the guitar legend -- from his early days as a session player (with legendary producer Joe Meek) and his early '60s combo the Outlaws up through his years guiding one of hard rock's finest bands, Deep Purple, and into his recent work with Blackmore's Night. The true story of William Wilberforce and his courageous quest to end the British slave trade. Along the way, Wilberforce meets intense opposition, but his minister urges him to see the cause through. Portrait of the singer and her year-long battle with cancer.  A Russian Police Major is enlisted by the LAPD to help solve a series of gruesome murders perpetrated against young women by a sadistic sociopathic killer on the mean streets of Hollywood.  Derek Jarman's Will You Dance with Me? is an essential document of LGBTQ London that was unseen until 2014, 30 years after it was originally shot. In September 1984, Jarman was invited by director Ron Peck and writer Mark Ayres to record improvisations at Benjy's, a gay club in East London's Mile End district, as part of the early experimental work for their feature film Empire State, a neo-noir that would be released in 1987. The coed, racially diverse crowd of roughly 100 people at Benjiy's that night included club regulars, bar staff, and potential players in Empire State. Every single detail captured in Jarman's on-location assignment abounds with era-specific riches: from the New Romantic cutie journaling while nestled in a corner booth to the DJ's cheerful exhortations and the songs he spins ("Let the Music Play," "Planet Rock," "Relax"). 'Who the Fuck is That Guy'? The Fabulous Journey of Michael Alago tells the astonishing story of a gay Puerto Rican kid growing up in a Hasidic Brooklyn neighborhood, who got on the subway one day and began a musical odyssey that helped shape the musical landscape across N.Y.C. and around the world. Directed by Drew Stone and produced by Michael Alex the film tells the incredible story of a cherished New York City icon. From rubbing elbows with N. Y. scene makers as an teenager at Max's Kansas City and CBGB, to being the architect of a rock 'n' roll renaissance as the 19 year-old talent booker at the legendary Ritz, to making history as a 24 year-old A&R exec, signing the biggest metal band in a generation in Metallica, Michael Alago was on fire. Alone Together is a comedy featuring two young comics, Esther, a girl from the Midwest, and Benji, a brat from Beverly Hills, who find common ground in their troubled love lives and being generally intolerable. It's Ugly Betty meets Curb Your Enthusiasm. Hot Water Music performing Hot Water Music live at Metro Theatre, Sydney from December 2010 From the moment Snarky Puppy played its first overseas show to a sold-out London crowd, they felt at home in Europe. Recorded and filmed live with a studio audience over 4 nights in the Netherlands, 'We Like It Here' capture the band at its most exploitative point in its career, in both composition and improvisation. The film also contains over an hour of interviews, behind the scenes tour footage in Europe, and alternative solo takes from the recording sessions. Documentary about the selling off of remnants from legendary Manchester nightclub The Hacienda. The movie tells the story of Laerte (Lazaro Ramos), a talented violinist who after failing to be admitted into the OSESP Orchestra is forced to give music classes to teenagers in a public school at Heliopolis. His path is full of difficulties, but the transforming power of music and the friendship arising between the teacher and the students open the door into a new world Jumpers for Goalposts brings together Ed's captivating performances from the biggest shows of his career at Wembley Stadium in July 2015, where he wows the 80,000 strong crowd with his biggest hits to date, including "The A Team", "Sing" and "Thinking Out Loud" - and there's even a surprise duet from Sir Elton John.  As well as his breath-taking onstage performance, Jumpers for Goalposts is intercut with the story of Ed's triumphant road to Wembley, presenting a revealing and personal glimpse into life backstage and on the road, along with an honest and intimate reflection by Ed - and those closest to him - on just how far he has come. Exploring the social impact of what The Source Magazine in 1998 voted, "The Best Hip Hop Radio Show Of All-Time." The documentary film is the story of quirky friends who became unlikely legends by engaging their listeners and breaking the biggest rap artists ever. The untold true story: The rise and fall of the greatest funk band ever, Parliament Funkadelic. The story of influential rock band from Belgrade. Paul Thomas Anderson joined his close friend and collaborator Jonny Greenwood on a trip to Rajasthan in northwest India, where they were hosted by the Maharaja of Jodhpur, and he brought his camera with him. Their destination was the 15th-century Mehrangarh Fort, where Greenwood was recording an album with Israeli composer Shye Ben Tzur and an amazing group of musicians. For Justin Timberlake it's the final two dates of his 20/20 Experience World Tour at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas. Surrounded by the 25 band members of The Tennessee Kids and featuring show-stopping performances from one of the highest-grossing tours of the decade, the film is a culmination of the singer's 134 shows and 2 years on the road.  Can the son of J. Paul Getty, at one time the richest man in the world, be a serious composer? When a destructive space entity is spotted approaching Earth, Admiral Kirk resumes command of the Starship Enterprise in order to intercept, examine, and hopefully stop it. After mysteriously saying Goodbye Forever at the peak of their success 13 years ago, the smalls have reformed for one last redemptive tour--- closing the loop internally as band-mates, estranged friends, and with their long-adoring fans. A somber paranormal thriller that offers an original, exciting variation of the tale of two men with supernatural abilities, locked in a duel to the death. A battle between a man who can control people with a stare, and the only man he cannot control. When their fate cross, the survival battle begins. The two men with inevitable fate, who will survive? A story of five Finnish youth growing up during the devastating 90's recession. They live in the small, timber industrial town of Heinola. As the parents of these young teens struggle through hard economic times, the five very different youth meet by coincidence to form the punk band Apulanta. Documentary following Japanese girl group Perfume on their 2014 world tour. Featuring live performances and behind-the-scenes footage, the film also includes in-depth interviews with members of the band as they perform in front of sell-out crowds across the world. Based on the true story of acclaimed music icon "Dalida" born in Cairo, who gained celebrity in the 50s, singing in French, Spanish, Arabic, Hebrew, German, Italian, playing in awarded Youssef Chahine's picture "Le Sixieme Jour", and who later committed suicide in 1987 in Paris, after selling more than 130 million records worldwide. Students from the Prague Conservatory leave for a workshop in the picturesque South Bohemian countryside, where they are placed before a demanding task, from which only some of them will emerge successful and they will then continue in their dream to be famous. Each of them will find their true path to happiness. The concert film celebrates the band's legendary show in New York's Madison Square Garden - Rammstein's return to the US after a ten-year absence. In HD and 5.1 surround sound. Pat Metheny - The Unity Sessions' finds the 20 time Grammy winning guitarist and the youngest member of the Downbeat Hall of Fame at the helm of one of his best bands ever as they wrap up a 150 date world tour with an intimate studio performance filmed in a small New York City theater. Featuring new performances of music from the Grammy winning 'Unity Band' record, the expansive 'Unity Group KIN' recording, and touchstones from the entirety of Metheny's illustrious career, these are essential performances that serve as a rare visual documentation of some of the best music of Metheny's ever expanding career. When a Scottish indie pop artist decides to re-write his country's oldest songs, the only thing standing in his way is an ageing folk singer and centuries of history. At an electronic music festival, Berlin-based journalist Georg and his girlfriend Vera meet Dave Zuma, a DJ who loves to enjoy life to the fullest. As soon as the unusual trio enters Dave's old hippie campervan the journey of their lifetime begins. Their bumpy ride takes them from one festival to the next, across the Balkan states heading south. A complex love triangle full of tension and affection, conflict and closeness, love and hate develops in the rush of trance festivals. In the end each of them reaches what they had always hoped for. Thirty-eight year old Edwin Borsheim of the band Kettle Cadaver was once known for his bizarre stage antics and brutal self-mutilation.  Now, years after the bands demise, Borsheim has fallen in to complete seclusion on his acre of land in which he is surrounded by many of the horrible things he has created. As Edwin spirals further in to a hole of drug abuse and self destruction, those closest to Borsheim dissect his mental complexes as he himself reflects on his dark past.  Although Borsheim finds himself trapped in his own home, he just may be saved by human interaction. Natalie Merchant's entire musical life encapsulated in this very personal film, which digs deep into the music through live performances, archival footage, and interviews. The memoir-style film contains live performances, archival footage, and interviews with musicians, friends, and fans about the influence the songs of Tigerlily have had over the past 20 years. A plan to avoid job losses at a factory in 1976 becomes the starting point for an incisive account of our current and future economic situation. Music has been integral in WWE history, especially anthems for all the greatest WWE Superstars. Since Sgt. Slaughter first made his entrance to the Marine Corp hymn in the early 80's music themes have become synonymous with the Superstars themselves.  Just hearing the first few notes brings the crowd to their feet. They are the songs that let the WWE Universe know that business is about to pick up. Now, get behind the music and learn the inside story behind the timeless anthems of WWE and the superstars. Chizuru (Anne Watanabe) is the new teacher at Umega High School. Since her school days, she has played violin in an orchestra. One day, she listens to an amateur orchestra play at the local cultural hall. She is touched by their performance and decides to enroll in the orchestra, but there are 2 orchestras in town. Chizuru mistakenly enrolls in the orchestra which consists of elderly people. The members there are thrilled to have a young person join their group. Chizuru is unable to tell them she made a mistake and becomes the conductor for their orchestra. Organized Noize shaped the landscape of Hip Hop music with a distinct sound created in the confines of a dungeon. They're responsible for the careers of Outkast, CeeLo, Goodie Mob, and the Dungeon Family. This is the story of the Art of Organized. The homespun Nelson family must deal with various comical situations, including an encounter with gangsters.  An avant-garde short film. Accordions have returned, not only with amusement, but with a beautiful, eloquent, haunting, and downright exciting vengeance! A young Scottish singer, Rose-Lynn Harlan, dreams of making it as a country artist in Nashville after being released from prison. A musical journey through the swamps of the Louisiana Bayou, the juke joints of the Mississippi Delta and Moonshine soaked BBQs in the North Mississippi Hill Country. Visiting the last original blues devils, many in their 80's, still living in the deep south, working without management and touring the Chitlin' Circuit. Let Bobby Rush, Barbara Lynn, Henry Gray, Carol Fran, Lazy Lester, Bilbo Walker, RL Boyce, Jimmy 'Duck' Holmes, Lil Buck Sinegal, LC Ulmer and their friends awaken the blues in all of us. Greek Billy Fury became an overnight sensation in the 1950`s and The Sound of Fury album, a landmark in British Rock &amp; Roll history. This the story of Billy Fury and how his Sound of Fury album is now seen by many as the high water-mark of British Rock and Roll. Shot entirely in HD with unique and unseen archive and photos, this music documentary highlights Fury`s contribution to popular music and the reason why Britain`s original teen idol had more Top 40 hits than the Beatles during the 1960`s. Featuring exclusive home movie footage and interviews with Lord Puttnam, Amanda Barrie, Imelda May, Vince Eager, Len Goodman, Clem Cattini, Boz Boorer, Spencer Leigh, Billy`s mum, Jean Wycherley and many more; this is a must-see for Billy Fury and music lovers alike. Gritty adaption of William Shakespeare's play about the English King's bloody conquest of France.  Let's Play Live: The Documentary follows Achievement Hunter as it turns online gaming into a first-of-its-kind live event. The documentary not only explores why Let's Plays are so popular, but also how the convergence of gaming and community are redefining the stages once reserved for only the biggest of rock stars. In this meta horror film, a demonic entity uses the fictional character of Freddy Krueger to enter the real world and torment "Elm Street" heroine Heather Langenkamp and her family. An overenthusiastic high-school maintenance man attempts to lead an unlikely group of misfits to the Nebraska state tennis championship in Balls Out: The Gary Houseman Story? director Danny Leiner's underdog sports comedy. American Pie star Seann William Scott stars as the ambitious janitor who believes he has what it takes to coach the winning team. A young woman searches for the source of a signal only she can hear. A documentary about The Trunk Space, a legendary DIY venue in Phoenix, AZ which hosts a yearly music festival called "The Indie 500."  A documentary about Jordi Savall's project of bringing together musicians from all over the Mediterranean and kids from a school in Switzerland. Shotgun Stories tracks a feud that erupts between two sets of half brothers following the death of their father. Set against the cotton fields and back roads of Southeast Arkansas, these brothers discover the lengths to which each will go to protect their family. Join multi-platinum band Fall Out Boy as they travel back to their hometown of Chicago for a mind-blowing audio-visual extravaganza. Featuring their newest hits Centuries, Irresistible, and Uma Thurman, this 17 song concert also includes the band's best loved songs from across their whole career.  This special performance is one of the most memorable Fall Out Boy concerts ever, filmed during the Boys of Zummer tour that hit 39 North American cities throughout 2015. Great musicianship, powerful songs and stunning visuals all make for an exceptional concert experience! Daryl Hall and John Oates are one of the most successful recording duos of all time with a string of hit singles and gold and platinum albums to their name including six US No.1 hits on the Billboard Hot 100, all of which are included in this superb live show. Filmed at the Olympia Theatre in Dublin on 15th July 2014, this was the first time Daryl Hall and John Oates had played a live show in the city. They delivered a fantastic performance, packed with hits, to an audience who were clearly in the mood to party as only Dublin can! Elvis Costello performs for his hometown audience. Despite his dedication to the junior-high students who fill his classroom, idealistic teacher Dan Dunne leads a secret life of addiction that the majority of his students will never know. But things change when a troubled student Drey makes a startling discovery of his secret life, causing a tenuous bond between the two that could either end disastrously or provide a catalyst of hope.  Anne Clark, an icon of music history and a terrific pioneer of spoken word art, has been on stage for more than 30 years. It transforms language into unique music. Since the early 1980s, New Wave classics such as OUR DARKNESS and SLEEPER IN METROPOLIS have provided a thrill of excitement that has inspired generations of musicians. In this classic German thriller, Hans Beckert, a serial killer who preys on children, becomes the focus of a massive Berlin police manhunt. Beckert's heinous crimes are so repellant and disruptive to city life that he is even targeted by others in the seedy underworld network. With both cops and criminals in pursuit, the murderer soon realizes that people are on his trail, sending him into a tense, panicked attempt to escape justice. Gabby has a letter to deliver to the king of Lilliput; when he arrives, the king is in the bath and Gabby tries on the royal robe. The king emerges and gives Gabby a stern look; Gabby hands over the letter and leaves quickly. The letter, however, is ominous: "Please be at home today; I have orders to shoot you." A punk band decides to hire a keyboard player in order to change their sound, despite the fact that this talented musician has Down Syndrome.  Entartete Musik Legendary rock band The Who captured live in performance at London's Wembley Arena in July 2013. The gig saw the band perform their 1973 concept album 'Quadrophenia' in its entirety to commemorate the 40th anniversary of its release. The group also performed a number of popular songs from throughout their career including 'Baba O'Riley', 'You Better You Bet' and 'Won't Get Fooled Again'. Kwon Sang-Gon is a gangster who wants to have a cool life. He becomes a gang boss and expects to reap the rewards of the top position. Kwon Sang-Gon soon realizes his life is a living hell, filled with conspiracies and betrayals. Who is Lydia Loveless? Singer/songwriter, alt-country queen, cow punk, hard rocker? The second coming of Hank Williams or Patti Smith? Or just a bubbling cauldron of hormones and emotions holding steadfast to the ideal of keeping rock & roll alive? Nony Geffen, a 30 year old student living in Tel Aviv with his roommate Rotem, is a musician and is secretly in love with Hadas. He is called up for a military operation in Gaza .  The APC, in which he and his unit are riding, is hit by a Hamas rocket. Nony is the sole survivor.  He comes back from Gaza a different person and is cared for by his parents and a military psychiatrist.  After lengthy psychiatric treatment Nony starts to communicate again - only now he is convinced that he is 'Amnon', the deceased uncle for whom he was named.  Amnon had been an unrecognized singer. Nony is not a singer and now he doesn't even remember how to play. At first, when Nony performs, people laugh at this strange guy but then he becomes a phenomenon. When he is at the height of his success on the one hand, but also at the height of his mental disorder, Nony meets Hadas again. A Frank Zappa show goes way beyond a mere concert - it is an experience...a flight of improvisation, musicianship, and cerebral cynicism. An unparalleled Composer and Guitarist, Zappa redefined rock n roll paradigms by introducing into the mix his favorite influences from classical music, jazz, blues, doowop, traditional and non-traditional music. And he did so with unparalleled humor and audacity. But it was the music itself that influenced generations of musicians and, quite frankly, blew minds. Roxy: The Movie, filmed over three nights in December 1973, at the Roxy Theatre in Hollywood, CA, is a powerful display of this experience, and reveals what made him such a pioneering musical revolutionary. Chronicle of Wilco's 2013 Solid Sound music festival, which takes place over three days at the Massachusetts Museum of Contemporary Art. Trailblazing comic Aditi Mittal mixes topical stand-up with frank talk about being single, wearing thongs and the awkwardness of Indian movie ratings. A woman at rock bottom must find her way across Los Angeles in order to crash her ex-boyfriend's engagement party. Pig heads, intestines, megaphones: all these and more have been thrown into crowds of loyal fans following the influential punk band THE STALIN or any of number of Michiro Endo's other bands since 1980. Taking a step in front of the camera, however, Endo offers a very different kind of encounter in this inspiring self-portrait. "Mother, I've Pretty Much Forgotten Your Face" follows the artist, a native of Nihonmatsu, Fukushima, on the 2011 nationwide solo tour celebrating his 60th birthday, which was interrupted by the Great East Japan Earthquake. Traveling, performing and talking with fellow musicians and activists, Endo reflects on the past and future of Fukushima, the legacy of Hiroshima, his upbringing and his feelings about his mother, communicated in the song from which the documentary is named. The Psychonaut is a short hybrid documentary film showing how it's like to travel in one's own mind with the help of shrooms. From award-winning director Mat Whitecross and featuring extensive unseen archive footage, Supersonic charts the meteoric rise of Oasis from the council estates of Manchester to some of the biggest concerts of all time in just three short years.  This palpable, raw and moving film shines a light on one of the most genre and generation-defining British bands that has ever existed, and features candid new interviews with Noel and Liam Gallagher, their mother, and members of the band and road crew. A boy's life is turned upside down when he learns that he is the last of a group of immortal warriors who have dedicated their lives to fighting the forces of the dark. A romantic drama based on the story of Carley Allison, a promising 18 year old figure skater and singer who made medical history in her fight against a rare 1 in 3.5 billion type of sarcoma. When 12-year-old Trinity Goodheart is visited by an angel who leaves her a pendant that belonged to her long-lost mother, Trinity concludes that her mother is in danger and needs her help. What ensues is an effort by Trinity to reunite her disjointed family; and in the process, she teaches them the value of love, faith and forgiveness. The adventure on tour of three French pop rock bands. Charts the iconic British band's sprawling journey over the last few years - from an unexpected break in Hong Kong which sowed the seeds for their first album as a four piece in 16 years, to a glorious home coming show in London and, finally, an emotional reunion with their Hong Kong audience.  From Willie Nelson to Wilco, Ray Charles to Radiohead, A Song For You: The Austin City Limits Story offers the ultimate backstage pass to 40 years of incredible music from the longest running music show in television history. Mimi has her hands full. Her son Felix is hyperactive, her ex-husband Johnny is a mess, her father is a chronic gambler. Then Felix signs her up for a Swiss casting show, because Mimi wanted to be a musician originally. So Mimi decides to head for Switzerland, since it could pay all their debts. But then the whole family wants to come... One of the most characteristic elements in DivEdCo's films was the resolution of conflict through dialogue. This is the case in Belen, where the protagonist must deal with her father's patriarchal objections to her desire to become a nurse. For 40 years Bruce Springsteen has influenced fans from all over. His songs defined more than a generation. This film gives the fans just as much time as The Boss himself, with never shown footage and live performances from his last tour. Enrique Bunbury MTV Unplugged: El libro de las mutaciones (2015) The indigenous, Sami rapper SlinCraze is trying to earn a living from his music, the problem is that less than 20.000 people speak his endangered language. In the summer of 2015, legendary musician David Byrne staged an event at Brooklyn's Barclays Center to celebrate the art of Color Guard: synchronized dance routines involving flags, rifles, and sabers. Recruiting performers that include the likes of Saint Vincent, Nelly Furtado, Ad-Rock, and Ira Glass to collaborate on original pieces with 10 color guard teams from across the US and Canada, Contemporary Color is a beautifully filmed snapshot of a one-of-a-kind live event. 4-years-old Elizabeth was born in the family of former ballet dancers and she has spent mosto of her life in the ballet with her parents. She knows all the member of the Estonia Ballet company by their names and knows all the performances by heart as she has seen them so many times.  Elizabeth loves, or to be exact, adores ballet, but would it be like this if she had other choices? This is little Elizabeth's journey in the magical world of ballet, where real life meets illusion and fairytales may come true. The lives and careers of four Asian-American rappers trying to break into a world that often treats them as outsiders. Sharing dynamic live performance footage and revealing interviews, these artists will make the most skeptical critics into believers. Led by a video jockey who's trying to hack the brain, the director of this film wanders into the labyrinth of a metaphysical discussion regarding the limits of experimentation and videoreality as the future of the human species. Adapted from Korean movie, Miss Granny, this movie tells a story of old woman that despise old-age that suddenly transform to a pretty girl with all her youth problems.  Multiforo Alicia is a space that constantly seeks to trigger rebellion, questioning, resistance, reflection and finally generate a self-managed organization for the inhabitants of Mexico City. It is the place where the others not within the market culture mainstream, fit in. This documentary tells us what it is and what's the purpose of the existence of these kind of spaces. Thorsten Schutte's film is a sharply edited and energetic celebration of Zappa through his public persona, allowing us to witness his shifting relationship with audiences. Utilizing potent TV interviews and many forgotten performances from his 30-year career, we are immersed into the musician's world while experiencing two distinct facets of his complex character. At once Zappa was both a charismatic composer who reveled in the joy of performing and, in the next moment, a fiercely intelligent and brutally honest interviewee whose convictions only got stronger as his career ascended. Director Spike Lee chronicles Michael Jackson's early rise to fame. Two soldiers from opposite sites get stuck between the front lines in the same trench. The UN is asked to free them and both sides agree on a ceasefire, but will they stick to it? If 18-year-old Sonita had a say, Michael Jackson and Rihanna would be her parents and she'd be a rapper who tells the story of Afghan women and their fate as child brides. She finds out that her family plans to sell her to an unknown husband for $9,000. Fat Wreck Chords... The influential music label proud to say they've spent the past 25 years "ruining punk rock". A Fat Wreck tells the story of founders Fat Mike (of the legendary punk band NOFX) and his ex-wife Erin Kelly-Burkett, spanning the birth, growth, struggles, and survival of the Fat Wreck Chords label. Documentary about ABBA and the photographers who worked with them. When a bubbly American hip hop dancer goes to India with her family for a wedding, she is impressed by a new dance style and falls in love with the man who introduced her to it. A cross-country trip to sell drugs puts two hippie bikers on a collision course with small-town prejudices. A bohemian Seattle DJ uses his on-air charisma to create a fictitious conservative radio personality, becoming an overnight sensation.  Won best comedy for Palm Beach Film Festival 2016. Won Best Director LA Film Festival. Produced by Arthur L. Bernstein and Adam Falkoff Legendary artist Elton John returns to the stage in a concert that includes his greatest hits and songs from his new album, "The Diving Board." The concert was filmed on September 11, 2013 at BBC's famous Radio Theatre in London.  Taped before an audience of 300 fans selected to win tickets from over 79,000 hopefuls, "Elton John In Concert" includes these and other performances: "Bennie and the Jets," "Tiny Dancer," "Home Again," "Oscar Wilde Gets Out," "Goodbye Yellow Brick Road," "Levon," "Rocket Man," "I'm Still Standing," "Saturday Night's Alright (For Fighting)" and "Your Song." A portrait of legendary filmmaker Nicholas Ray while is working as a film professor at a college in upstate New York. Set against the backdrop of a fading, post-industrial London, Ontario, an uncelebrated underclass of Do-It-Yourself musicians stare down a bleak future while searching for meaning in their community. Catharsis for their personal histories take root in an underground venue circuit of dimly lit basements, sleazy apartments, and empty art galleries as they continue to go virtually unnoticed by a placid, indifferent city. Et tu, Dude? serves as an intimate documentation of small-town Canadian musicians screaming unheard into the void. Classical music doesn't exactly have a reputation for being hip. For too long it's been seen as a stuffy genre for the high cultured elite. WHAT WOULD BEETHOVEN DO? follows a number of renegades, from composers flirting with modern mediums, to young musicians dedicated to changing the narrative, to a man who's bringing turntablists and orchestras together. Notable artists such as, Bobby McFerrin, Benjamin Zander and Eric Whitacre add their voices to the debate about why classical music is still relevant today. A socialite (Merle Oberon) pretends to be poor and blind in her plan to help a blinded pianist (Dana Andrews). Exposure follows a rookie Detroit African-American female cop who stumbles upon corrupt officers who are murdering a drug dealer, an incident captured by her body cam. They pursue her through the night in an attempt to destroy the footage, but to make matters worse, they've tipped off a criminal gang that she's responsible for the dealer's death. The film follows a master of ceremonies who introduces singers and dance numbers on stage in local weddings, and who aspires of gaining wealth to escape his poor town and marry the girl he loves, but on his way he faces a lot of difficulties. Alanis Morissette is one of the most successful female artists and songwriters of all time and has sold in excess of 60 million albums worldwide. Her voice is instantly recognisable and she is a consummate live performer. On 2 July 2012 Alanis Morissette returned to Montreux as part of her Guardian Angel Tour in support of her new album Havoc And Bright Lights . It was her third appearance at the festival. The set showcased a number of tracks from the new album (at that point still to be released) alongside classic tracks from across her career. This is Alanis Morissette live at her very best. TRACKLIST 1) I Remain 2) Woman Down 3) All I Really Want 4) You Learn 5) Guardian 6) Flinch 7) Forgiven 8) Hands Clean 9) I Remain 10) Citizen Of The Planet 11) Ironic 12) Havoc 13) Head Over Feet 14) Versions Of Violence 15) I Remain 16) You Oughta Know 17) Numb 18) Hand In My Pocket 19) Uninvited 20) Thank U During a long, hot summer in seventies London, young neighbors Holly and Marina make a childhood pact to be friends forever. For Marina, troubled, fiercely independent, determined to try everything, Holly stays the only constant in a life of divorcing parents, experimental drugs and fashionable self-destruction. But for Holly, a friendship that has never been equal gradually starts to feel like a trap. G-Funk is the untold story of three childhood friends from East Long Beach who helped commercialize hip hop by developing a sophisticated and melodic new approach - merging Gangsta Rap with elements of Motown, Funk, and R&B. 2015 was a year of landmark events for Eric Clapton. He turned 70 in March and then in May he performed his 200th concert at London's famous Royal Albert Hall fifty years after his first performance there with The Yardbirds. Clapton's 7 night run at the venue was acclaimed by the critics and adored by the fans. The set list blended vintage blues tracks and Eric Clapton classics from across his astonishing career. Clapton has become synonymous with the Royal Albert Hall and this concert is the perfect combination of artist and venue creating a truly magical night for Eric Clapton fans everywhere. A couple of children from Portobelo Colon discover the musical genre "Calypso". In an attempt to regain their identity, and despite the apathy of some towards their culture and roots, they begin rehearsing for the grand opening gala, where new generations of calypsonians will be presented. The Godfather of electronic music is on a one-way trip to crack America, returning to the studio for the first time in nearly a decade. Android is a celebration of a music-making pioneer and the love story that helped him turn his life around.  Mali's Music defines the country's cultural identity. Radical Islamists are threatening the musicians. Together with the stars of Malian Global Pop - Fatoumata Diawara, Bassekou Kouyate Master Soumy and Ahmed Ag Kaedi - we embark on a musical journey to Mali's agitated heart. Can their music reconcile the country?  IMDB Music meets the Mob in this biography of '60s hitmaker and 2016 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductee Bert Berns.  The combination of the Holocaust and the subsequent emigration decimated the once-thriving Jewish community in the Ukraine's Carpathian Mountains. One of the few holdouts is Zev Godinger, the colorful subject of writer-director Yale Strom's affectionate documentary. A young rock band, half from England and half from the US, drop out of college and move to the Sunset Strip to chase their dreams. Ethan, a sullen high-school student whose life is defined by what he hates, finds love with a blindly optimistic Christian girl Trinity, much to the annoyance of his angst-filled band mates and her evangelistic brethren. After almost thirty years of his career, the musician Fran Nixon joins film director David Trueba for a travel around Spain in which they'll talk about it and meet some friends. Documentary about the Norwegian band Backstreet Girls. Life for a happy couple is turned upside down after their young son dies in an accident. In 1990, seven young male dancers joined Madonna on her most controversial world tour. Their journey was captured in Truth or Dare. As a self-proclaimed 'mother' to her six gay dancers plus straight Oliver, Madonna used the film to make a stand on gay rights and freedom of expression. The dancers became paragons of pride, inspiring people all over the world to dare to be who you are. Twenty-five years later, the dancers share their own stories about life during and after the tour. What does it really take to express yourself? A son seeking to fulfill his late father's dream takes his band from the storied city of New Orleans to the shores of Cuba, where -- through the universal language of music -- dark and ancient connections between their peoples reveal the roots of jazz. A struggling musician meets a writer, whose marriage with her film director husband is in turmoil because of an upcoming actress. Death By Audio, an underground art and music venue, is forced to close in 2014. The film focuses on the struggles of maintaining a community in the face of Brooklyn property development, hostile construction workers, and a one billion-dollar company. Das Wassup follows the band 'Yo Majesty' through its trials and tribulations as they are making it in the music industry and not. The Band consists of three vocalists from Tampa, Florida, the producer team and record label is from the UK. The three lead women of the band had difficult upbringings and they fought hard to establish themselves as open out lesbians. Their compassion, fiery passion and authentic voices charm audiences. When a young hippie couple enters an upper-class mansion, a carousel of sex and misunderstandings awaits. When the video of a once-famous emo band performing impromptu karaoke together goes viral, a door opens for the possibility of a reunion the day of the guitarist's Christmastime wedding. See the monumental 1975 London concert and the never-before-seen documentary that digs deep into the archives to tell the story of Queen, featuring newly discovered interviews with all four members of the band, unseen live performance footage and so much more. In I GO BACK HOME - JIMMY SCOTT, we meet the German music producer Ralf Kemper, who takes on the journey to produce a record with the almost forgotten jazz icon Jimmy Scott, who is publicly unknown, but in informed quarters perceived to be a musical legend. Ralf wanted to realize this project ever since he had heard Jimmy's voice singing for the first time 30 years ago. But it took a personal tragedy to finally put his thoughts into action. Meeting Jimmy Scott at the age of 85 years living secluded and chairbound after an accident in Las Vegas Ralf was shocked by Jimmy's surprisingly bad health condition. Will he be able to put his plan into reality? Documentary concerning North American pop/rock musician Dean Reed who achieves fame in Latin America in the 50s and 60s Natalie resorts to picking up the pieces of her life after her husband leaves her for the family he has outside. she falls in love with Darrell, but he has secrets of his own. Can Natalie handle any more secrets? Lee and Opal Sexton live in the mountains of Eastern Kentucky, farming the land where Lee was raised. Lee is a retired coal miner and revered banjo legend, a living link to the deep past of American music. Though now well into his eighties and hampered by age, Lee continues to perform and teach his distinctive 2-finger banjo style to a new generation eager to preserve a vanishing cultural tradition. Linefork offers an immersive view of Lee and Opal's daily rituals and inherent resilience while documenting the raw yet delicate music of a singular musician, linked to the past yet immediately present. The life and tragic death of Whitney Houston. Haruta is handsome and smart, Chika is bright and naive. When they were children, they were friends until Haruta's family moved away while he was in the 3rd grade. They meet again during a high school entrance ceremony. After all of these years, Chika is eager to join the wind instrument club. Due to an incident, the wind instrument club is about to be disbanded. Chika can't give up the flute so she attracts Haruta to her side and tries to recruit members from the wind instrument club. The group attempts to solve various cases taking place at their school while they plan to take part in a contest. A documentary by Michael R. Faulkner, SHU-DE! follows American beatboxer, Shodekeh, as he embarks on a musical journey half way around the world to Kyzyl, Tuva where he collaborates and competes with some of the world's best throat singers. This experiential documentary unfolds amidst the remote and wild landscapes of Tuva in Southern Siberia and includes performances by Kongar-ol Ondar, Alash Ensemble, Tuvan National Orchestra, Annie Lynch (Annie and the Beekeepers), and others. In May 2010, Pananagiotis, a student and ambitious musician, gets the chance to record an album for an American label. He drops his studies in Spain and returns to Greece to make music under the pseudonym Larry Gus. Years later, his good friend Vasilis Katsoupis decides to shoot a film about him. The Broken Spoke has hosted country greats like George Strait, Willie Nelson, Ernest Tubb, Bob Wills, George Jones, and Roy Acuff. A profile of "the last of the true Texas dance halls" and the tenacious family keeping it alive amid rapid urban growth. The story of a girl who can't decide whether she should be with the one she loves or should continue pursuing her career as a drama artist. The Songs We Sang is a 2015 Singaporean documentary directed by Eva Tang. It is about Xinyao, Singaporean folk music that was popular in the 1980s. A young boy travels to Alaska to visit his estranged father at the same time as a young woman also travels to Alaska to find her estranged mother. Kuzco is a self-centered emperor who summons Pacha from a village and to tell him that his home will be destroyed to make room for Kuzco's new summer home. Kuzco's advisor, Yzma, tries to poison Kuzco and accidentally turns him into a llama, who accidentally ends up in Pacha's village. Pacha offers to help Kuzco if he doesn't destroy his house, and so they form an unlikely partnership. Experience an inside look at David Bowie's incredible influence on music, art and culture via interviews with some of the people who knew him best. A vibrant essay on respect for beliefs, the actor's craft and the art of filmmaking. Annie is stuck in a long-term relationship with Duncan - an obsessive fan of obscure rocker Tucker Crowe. When the acoustic demo of Tucker's hit record from 25 years ago surfaces, its discovery leads to a life-changing encounter with the elusive rocker himself. Smoke + Mirrors Live celebrates Grammy Award winners Imagine Dragons' decibel-busting, spectacular live show. Capturing one incredible night in Toronto, it sees the band rapturously received by a crowd of 15,000 screaming fans. The band's phenomenal performance features their multi-platinum hits including Radioactive, I Bet My Life, Shots, Gold and Demons, as well as fan favorites from their first two records and the never before played live, Thief.  The Smoke + Mirrors tour has seen the band play 110 dates in 42 countries on 5 continents. Smoke + Mirrors Live perfectly encapsulates the band's hugely successful transition to arena shows, fusing multi-sensory production with an intimate fan experience to create an atmosphere that can only be described as electric. Directed by Dick Carruthers (Led Zeppelin, The Killers, Oasis, Beyonce), this concert film offers a one-of-a-kind experience for fans of their sensational live show. A film portraying the philosophy, history and fight-for-justice of the most enthralling band in Kenya and their growing influence across the world. Documentary about Daptone Records and their roster or artists. A riveting tale of undertrials who are brought together to form a band in jail for a social event. As their popularity grows through social media, they use their music to protest against jail authorities & the Indian judicial system. Eventually, when all hope fades, music becomes their only hope but will it set them free? Sister filmmakers Julie Simone and Vicki Vlasic return to their Appalachian roots to film at the world's oldest Fiddler's Convention. With multiple generations jamming together, Fiddlin' is a love-letter to American roots and the uplifting power of music. After his mother died, 12 year old Seth George (T.J. Lowther) goes to live with his grandparents on their farm. Grouchy old Murdock (Michael Ansara) is not very happy with the presence of his grandson and is rather hard on him. He was strongly opposed to the mixed marriage of his daughter and doesn't want to hear anything about Seth's Indian father who died a hero in Vietnam when Seth was still a baby. His grandmother (Sandra Shotwell) on the other hand was very fond of Seth but after a while she passes away. Seth also meets the charming yet sporting Annie Jacobs (Mary Elizabeth Winstead). Seth struggles at the farm with his grumpy grandfather and strives to win Annie's heart at the same time. Life's questions are 'answered' in a series of outrageous vignettes, beginning with a staid London insurance company which transforms before our eyes into a pirate ship. Then there's the National Health doctors who try to claim a healthy liver from a still-living donor. The world's most voracious glutton brings the art of vomiting to new heights before his spectacular demise. Arjang and Roya are getting married.. Meet Tajikistan's answer to the Jackson family. Nearly 80, Allo "Papa" Alaev rules his celebrated folk music clan with an iron tambourine. Beginning with his unilateral decision to emigrate to Israel, the gifted musician micro-manages nearly every aspect of their lives, both on stage and off. From every meal made in his kitchen to what instrument each member will play, the patriarch accepts nothing less than total commitment and obedience. Every child and grandchild lives in their single-family house in Tel Aviv. All but one, that is. His only daughter, Ada, chose her own way in life, a sin her father will not forgive. As generations clash over new musical directions, competing personal interests and Papa's advancing age, the family show must go on--but who will lead the band? Set to a blazing tribal soundtrack, drama and drumbeats sing out from every entertaining exchange in this grand family affair. Sinaloa hitchhikes into Texas to meet Merle, her half-sister by way of their dead country musician father. As the two get to know each other, Sinaloa's chaotic influence starts to unravel Merle's quiet, comfortable life. While the family music legacy brought Sinaloa to Austin, she won't leave without taking revenge against the people who stole her daddy away years ago. Arima Kousei won numerous piano competitions while under the strict watch of his mother. He was known as the human metronome during that time. Since the death of his mother, Kousei has been unable to hear the sound of his piano. He then meets Miyazono Kaori through childhood friend Sawabe Tsubaki. Kaori plays the violin and has a free sprit. Since meeting her, Kousei is able to face the piano again. Meanwhile, Kaori holds a secret. In February of 2015 Grammy-award-winning band, Snarky Puppy, recorded a monumental album in front of a live studio audience with guest instrumentalists and vocalists from all over the world. The entire album was recorded in stunning 4K resolution and features candid interviews and acoustic performances from the guest artists only available in the documentary/concert-film. The project is a true testament for showing first-hand how music can be a bridge between diverse cultures from countries from all over the world to create a unifying musical statement for the average listener or the devout music-connoisseur. After being accused of murder and awaiting his death penalty, Kishen Mohan Girhotra is compelled by NGO worker Gayatri Kashyap to form a musical band of prisoners to compete at band competition held at the dreaded jail of 'Lucknow Central'. Kishen befriends and convinces a talented bunch of criminals to form a band that provides them with a purpose and a new lease of life. Actor, Comedian, and Social Media Superstar Celeste Barber exposes the stories behind some of her most famous Instagram celebrity parody images, her new relationships with famous people, the pitfalls of being married to someone so much hotter than her, and what it's like to be an Anti-Influencer. While southern Europe is crumbling, Angola is the world's fastest growing economy. In Africa's rapidly developing cities, urban musicians are creating sounds that have come to define the new generation. Urban music like kuduro, coupe-decale and azonto have arisen out of social change and have come to define a new African identity shaped by post-colonial consciousness. 30 years after the shooting of 'Blue Velvet', the classic film of David Lynch, the German filmmaker Peter Braatz revisits his original Super-8 material and numerous photographies, filmed 30 years ago on the set in Wilmington, USA. The story behind Finland's rock giants and their songs, and their love for performing, even from childhood, and also the story of two very different brothers trying to fit in the same band. Filmmaker Kevin Macdonald examines the life and career of singer Whitney Houston. Features never-before-seen archival footage, exclusive recordings, rare performances and interviews with the people who knew her best. The chauvinist Damien wakes up in a world where women and men have their roles reversed in society, and everything is dominated by women. A new documentary by Irish director Niall McCann, "Lost In France" explores the rise of Scotland's independent music scene in the '90s, led by cult label Chemikal Underground. Featuring The Delgados, Bis, Mogwai, Arab Strap, Franz Ferdinand and other seminal acts, this is an intimate film exploring friendship, creativity and music. On the journey, we revisit a defining, chaotic trip early in the musicians' careers, re-staging a concert in Brittany that connects the characters in life (and on stage) for the first time in many years. A young husband leaves his river shantyboat community in Pecan Point, Tennessee and travels to New Orleans in search of his runaway wife. Two soldiers from opposite sites get stuck between the front lines in the same trench. The UN is asked to free them and both sides agree on a ceasefire, but will they stick to it? Tango...can also be Finnish. In Argentina we know little about this country and their culture, we usually think of them as completely different society, and yet we dont even know they have their own Tango. In my journeys through that beautiful land I found that link we share, and decided to explore it, to go and unravel the mistery behind the Finnish Tango not only as a musical or dance expression but also to find meaning of this music for this beautiful country in which I found myself interviewing musicians such as MA Numinem and Susana Rinaldi to tango lovers like Elina Lajunen who has the music in her blood, having travelled to Argentina to continue his studies of this dance, and after all this I found that despite of distance between our two contries we are more than kindred spirits. Presented by Grimposium and Uneasy Sleeper.  Blekkmetal is a documentary about the one-off 2015 festival celebrating the origins of Norwegian black metal. Featuring exclusive interviews and footage of Enslaved, Taake, Aeternus, Gehenna, Helheim, Old Funeral, Kampfar, Hades Almighty and Gaahls Wyrd performing classic and rare songs from their catalog, Blekkmetal features an all-Canadian production team including director David Hall (alumnus of Concordia University), metal studies scholars Vivek Venkatesh (Concordia University) and Jason Wallin (University of Alberta), and mobile media scholar Owen Chapman (Concordia University). Blekkmetal is co-produced by the festival's organizers Ivar Bjornson, Jannicke Wiese-Hansen and Kirsti Rosseland. Documents the writing, recording and performing of Nick Cave & the Bad Seeds' sixteenth studio album, Skeleton Tree. Based on the true story of 4 member Japanese pop group "GreeeeN." Jin is the producer of "GreeeeN" and his younger brother Hide is the lead member for the group. Their song "Kiseki" is released as their 7th single and becomes a huge hit. Hide and the other 3 members have others jobs including working as a dentist. Surprisingly touching tale of love at the far side of retirement age, proving that Pink films are not just for dirty old men; they can also be about dirty old men. It follows two former high-school sweethearts who are recently widowed and reunite, only to run up against the expectations of society. The most feared battle emcee in early-'80s NYC was a fierce teenager from the Queensbridge projects with the weight of the world on her shoulders. At age 14, hustling the streets to provide for her family, Roxanne Shante was well on her way to becoming a hip-hop legend. A family together with their grandpa go on a vacation, when their new car won't stop and it nearly escapes crashing into a hundred cars. Jeremy Booner is a college kid struggling with his grades, with the ladies and with life in general. Brian Miano is a smooth-talking salesman on the fast track to success. A chance encounter at an intersection leaves Jeremy and Brian secretly envious of each other's lives. Jeremy wants Brian's cool car and extravagant lifestyle while Brian wishes for Jeremy's carefree college days. Jeremy's partying and womanizing ways may have cost him both his education and the girl of his dreams, Lindsey. After a visit from an old friend, Randy, a free-spirited wanderer, Brian decides to climb down off the corporate ladder and trade in his world for something more fulfilling.  Meanwhile, when a college buddy gets swindled out of his tuition, Jeremy helps out and is inspired to turn his life around. As Brian and Jeremy both experience life altering events, their paths intertwine and their journeys come a full circle. A couple who can't stop fighting embark on a last-ditch effort to save their marriage: turning their fights into songs and starting a band.  Under the loving but firm guidance of an old fan turned director and cultural diplomat, and to the surprise of a whole world, the ex-Yugoslavian cult band Laibach becomes the first rock group ever to perform in the fortress state of North Korea. A biographical film based on the story of the singer, songwriter and pioneer of urban music in Spanish. From his humble beginnings until his jump to international fame. The harsh experiences of a warrior of life that changed the perspective of music in the world. Two soldiers from opposite sites get stuck between the front lines in the same trench. The UN is asked to free them and both sides agree on a ceasefire, but will they stick to it? For the first time in his 40-year career, Arno Hintjens allows a filmmaker to follow his creative process. The documentary follows him during the recording of his latest album, 'Human Incognito', and on tour throughout Europe, the US and Japan. Arno - Dancing Inside My Head offers an intimate portrait of the 67-year-old Belgian rocker. A woman risks losing her chance of happiness with the only man she has ever loved.  Donna Dean is one of New Zealand's most respected songwriters. She grew up in Auckland's Glen Innes in a home beset by alcoholism, abuse and violence. When she left home at 15, Donna found herself pregnant and, just like her mother, caught up in a violent relationship. She turned to alcohol to hide the pain. But Donna's mother had instilled in her daughter a profound love for music -- and it was this, along with Donna's willpower and determination, that would eventually give her a way out of the darkness -- escaping a cycle of violence and addiction to become a successful and much-loved songwriter. The film follows Donna and her band on their recent tour of the United States, then finally brings her home to confront her past. A clueless tapped out parody band struggles through outlandish schemes to raise money to get to the South By Southwest Music Festival. Aerosmith Rocks Donington 2014 is much more than just a great gig. It is a lasting document of the powerful and explosive bond that these five men Steven Tyler, Joe Perry, Brad Whitford, Tom Hamilton and Joey Kramer have made with each other and with fans of rock n roll everywhere. The film captures Aerosmith headlining the massive Download Festival at Donington Park with all their attitude and talent-drenched beauty as they deliver a blistering set of their greatest hits. It is a true once-in-a-lifetime rock n roll experience to treasure and remember forever. A progressive graduate student finds success and sparks outrage when his interest in battle rap as a thesis subject becomes a competitive obsession. A documentary about Cairo Jazz Festival's Amr Salah and his struggle every year to bring people and arts together in a country where 70% of people are under 30 and the Officials do not care about culture too much. Although Brad has a satisfying career, a sweet wife and a comfortable life in suburban Sacramento, things aren't quite what he imagined during his college glory days. When he accompanies his musical prodigy son on a university tour, he can't help comparing his life with those of his four best college friends who seemingly have more wealthy and glamorous lives. But when circumstances force him to reconnect with his former friends, Brad begins to question whether he has really failed or if their lives are actually more flawed than they appear. The 70-minute film follows ambient pioneers The Orb as they work on their 2015 album Moonbuilding 2703 AD U2, Talking Heads, Depeche Mode, Blondie, Duran Duran, Tears for Fears, The Clash, The Cure: Over half a billion records sold but you may never have heard of them if not for a small suburban radio station on Long Island, NY: WLIR. In August, 1982, a small group of radio visionaries knew they couldn't compete with the mega-stations in New York City. With one brave decision, they changed the sound of radio forever. Program Director Denis McNamara, the 'LIR crew and the biggest artists of the era tell the story of how they battled the FCC, the record labels, mega-radio and all the conventional rules to create a musical movement that brought the New Wave to America. A drug-addled techno producer invents a device that 'sends consciousness to the next level'. When experiments go horrifically wrong he takes extreme measures to find more 'volunteers'. '20 Years of Spice' explores the meteoric rise to fame of the 90's pop phenomenon, the Spice Girls. 2016 marks 20 years since the Spice Girls' debut release, 'Wannabe', and the film covers the entire breadth of their careers both as a group; quintet and quartet, as well as their solo endeavors. A being born in a void becomes obsessed with its own reflection. A sex and love addicted woman learns what real intimacy is when she starts making music with a reclusive man. The historic concert appearance of the British band in Cuba on March 25th, 2016. The "Concert for Amity" was and played at the Ciudad Deportiva Stadium - the bands first show in Cuba and the finale of their South America Tour. With her dream of pursuing a professional dance career shattered, Nizzy, an upscale British Pakistani, must now fight the odds to keep it alive in a society she never wanted to be a part of. A musical drama set in small-town Iowa, SAINTS REST tells the story of two estranged sisters, who over the course of one summer, form a connection through their shared love of music, as they grieve the recent death of their mother.   In 1999, teenage sisters Celeste and Eleanor survive a seismic, violent tragedy. The sisters compose and perform a song about their experience, making something lovely and cathartic out of a catastrophe - while also catapulting Celeste to stardom. By 2017, Celeste is a mother to a teenage daughter of her own and is struggling to navigate a career fraught with scandals when another act of terrifying violence demands her attention. Five old friends have to prove themselves one last time. 30 years after the hopeful young band Bochums Steine have separated after a disastrous live performance, fatally ill Rainer tries to re-activate his old cronies An audio-visual journey through the mind of Terence McKenna. Dr. Siddharth Sinha is a dedicated selfless doctor who dreams of building a state-of-the-art hospital with all the modern instruments and amenities for patient care . His foster son Akash shares his dream . Akash falls in love with Neha Mathur , an anaesthetist in the same hospital . In a friend's party , Akash meets Sonia who is a spoilt daughter of a millionaire Gulshan Kapoor . Sonia develops an infatuation for Akash . Gulshan Kapoor proposes to Dr. Siddharth Sinha that he will donate a big sum of money to his hospital , on the condition that Akash marries Sonia . Dr. Siddharth Sinha declines but dies of a heart attack a few days later . Burdened with fulfilling his father's dream , Akash decides to marry Sonia sacrificing his own love . But even after marriage Sonia is jealous of Neha and constantly accuses Akash of infidelity which leaves him in a dilemma , torn between two women . Felicite, a strong and proud woman, sings in bars in Kinshasa. She drifts away from reality when her 14-year-old son gets into an accident. In electric Kinshasa, she wanders in a world of music & dreams... until love unexpectedly brings her back to life. A band struggles to reconcile for a reunion tour a decade after a contentious break-up and a fatal accident. Bill Miller is an unsuccessful Broadway performer until his handlers convince him to enhance his act with a stooge - Ted Rogers, a guy positioned in the audience to be the butt of Bill's jokes. But Ted begins to steal the show. Bill's girlfriend and his pals tell him to make Ted an equal partner. Complications occur, while Bill sings and Ted gets the laughs. When the government puts all its rotten criminal eggs in one airborne basket, it's asking for trouble. Before you can say, "Pass the barf bag," the crooks control the plane, led by creepy Cyrus "The Virus" Grissom. Watching his every move is the just-released Cameron Poe, who'd rather reunite with his family. Five composers have their careers cut short by the rise of the Third Reich. "How comes no one has ever made a film about The Melvins?"  Well, no one has ever tried or thought it even possible.....until now that is. The Colossus Of Destiny - A Melvins Tale is a film about a band who have defied all the rules, for over 32 years and counting, and still managed to succeed and do it their own way. The journey of band members King Buzzo and Dale Crover leads us from the backwards-waters of the Chehalis River in Washington State, down through the Golden Gate of Northern California, and finally settling into the Los Angeles River Basin of Southern California. With the rest of the world thrown in along the way. You will witness first hand the beliefs and attitudes, values and obscenities, slows and fasts, triumphs and toils, loves and hates, wits and giggles of a hugely talented and influential band. And you will also come away with a lesson in how to survive in the wicked world of the music biz without taking yourself too damn seriously. To Nightwish with Love is a crowd-sourced documentary about fans of Nightwish, from fans to Nightwish. Produced by Yle, The Finnish Broadcasting Company.  A look at the meteoric career of Jorge Salan, considered best rock guitarist of Spain! This documentary showcases national and international musicians, music journalists and music professionals, reviews the incredible career of Jorge Salan.. Discover the fantastic rockumentary of its beginnings in music and his greatest hits. Guest artists of the stature of Miguel Rios, Carlos Tarque (M-Clan), Jeff Scott Soto (Journey, Yngwie Malmsteen), Bob Daisley (Ozzy, Rainbow, Gary Moore), Carlos Escobedo (Sober), Danny Vaughn (Tyketto), Sherpa (Red Baron), July Castejon (Asphalt), Javier Vargas (Vargas Blues Band), Carmine Appice (Rod Stewart, Ozzy, Vanilla Fudge), Paul Shortino (King Cobra, Quiet Riot), Jorge Martinez (illegal), Ramon Arroyo (Secrets), Oscar Sancho (Lust), Sergio Cisneros (Wizard of Oz), Fiona Flanagan and Robin Beck. Ed Okin used to have a boring life. He used to have trouble getting to sleep. Then one night, he met Diana. Now, Ed's having trouble staying alive. Backed by a new band line-up, Cliff Richard spectacularly returns; the only place to see the complete live set from Australia's iconic Sydney Opera House. Combining over 2 hours of Cliff's Rock 'n' Roll hits such as The Young Ones and Devil Woman with legendary favourites such as Reelin' and Rockin', Willie and the Hand Jive and Dream Lover, as well as featuring performance tracks from his new album like Rip it Up and Fabulous, this is Cliff's most rocking show in years! Exclusive extras go behind the scenes of Cliff's tour; there's special access to his wardrobe, his crew and the man himself sharing memories and personal insights from one of music's most phenomenal careers. Take your place in the best seat in the house for this incredible rock and roll show from the REAL King of Pop! In the small town of Mumford, a psychologist of the same name moves in and quickly becomes very popular, despite a questionable past. Documentary on the shock rock group "The Mentors". Exploring impressionistic, emotional and sensory environments found within the vast natural and urban landscapes of America. Neither image nor sound takes precedence: the two interact and combine preserving a raw sense of the discovery that field recordings and in-camera edited film rushes often yield. When he started as a comedy writer for the Late Show with David Letterman, Steve Young had few interests and not many friends outside of his day job. But while gathering material for a segment on the show, Steve stumbled onto a few vintage record albums that would change his life forever.  Bizarre cast recordings - marked "internal use only" - revealed full-throated Broadway-style musical shows about some of the most recognizable corporations in America: General Electric, McDonald's, Ford, DuPont, Xerox.  Bathtubs Over Broadway follows Steve Young on his quest to find all he can about this hidden world. While tracking down rare albums, unseen footage, composers and performers, Steve forms unlikely friendships and discovers that this discarded musical genre starring tractors and bathtubs was bigger than Broadway. This exploration of Japan's fascination with girl bands and their music follows an aspiring pop singer and her fans, delving into the cultural obsession with young female sexuality and the growing disconnect between men and women in hypermodern societies. A famous opera singer is held hostage in South America by a guerrilla rebel group after performing at a Japanese businessman's lavish birthday party. Unexpected bonds are forged in the standoff that ensues. The intimate portrait of two American musicians, two Mexican visual artists and the Japanese filmmaker draws on a bluntly existential confrontation of their individual struggles between addiction and expression, just like a border that sets high between Tijuana. Broadway's Laura Osnes and British actor Martin Jarvis join the Mormon Tabernacle Choir and Orchestra at Temple Square for a Christmas celebration that also features Metropolitan Opera soloists Erin Morley, Tamara Mumford, Ben Bliss and Tyler Simpson. This new disc from the Zurich Opera presents just about as thoughtful and coherent account of Rossini's Otello as one could hope for. This isn't the first time the company has made something of a splash with the bel canto repertory. Some will remember their CD release, a few years back, of Bellini's Norma, also featuring Bartoli. That set got very mixed reviews, and those who hated that will probably hate this too, no doubt before they even watch it. But for those not initiated in the trench warfare that music loving often attracts, this disc will be most welcome. The world class cast, led by Cecilia Bartoli and tenor John Osborn, are (mostly) young, committed and talented. They deliver, here, an intense performance that makes a very strong case for this neglected opera. Go behind the scenes during One Directions sell out "Take Me Home" tour and experience life on the road. "Fool 'Em All" is The Black Dahlia Murder's second full-length video and follows up their immensely popular "Majesty". Once again, director Robbie Tassaro captured the band on tour for another installment of absurdity and hilarity! "Fool 'Em All" follows the band on their 2013 World Tour with a full-length documentary and 14 song concert film, capturing the band in their native habitat on the 2013 US Vans Warped Tour and European Tour. As one-half of the Grammy award-winning duo "Deep Dish", Iranian-American Ali Shirazinia (aka 'Dubfire') has established himself as one of the world's most successful DJs and producers. But the road to success was not an easy one. With candid interviews from family, childhood friends, industry peers, and fellow artists, this film takes an intimate and honest look inside the nuanced world of dance music. This is an aspirational story about pursuing your passion, daring to dream big, and the challenges that come with success. It is an insider's look at what its like to be an electronic music artist from Above Ground Level. A singer in New York gets a grim diagnosis that puts her life and dreams into perspective. Three estranged friends are going to be forced to gather very much to their regret ... Axel (Santiago Segura), a very particular Spaniard, decides to undertake the search of his former companions in Buenos Aires. 25 years ago they formed a musical group that was about to be famous but for mysterious reasons never it succeeded.  Now Axel is going to have to rediscover himself with Javier (Diego Peretti), a teacher who fails to communicate with his teenage son, and Lucas (Diego Torres), a presumed lawyer who loses his job overnight. A double challenge awaits them: to be the band that always dreamed and as if it were little to solve their calamitosas lives. The life of legendary British jazz saxophonist Tubby Hayes, his influence on fellow musicians, the UK jazz music scene of mid-1950s to mid-1960s, and music in general. Andrea and Felice are two boys whose lives center around the sea. One day during a fishing excursion their usual routine is disturbed when something unexpected appears from the water. A documentary exploring the current state of the music business, as told by those who make their living in the the industry. Loaded with a love story and set in the club scene in Cape Town, it's a feel good rags to riches film about Raps, a gifted young dancer from the Cape Flats who thinks all he needs is fame and money. However, it all gets complicated when he falls in love with the gorgeous young wife of the gangster-cum-producer who's making his career happen. The story of a poor young woman, separated by prejudice from her husband and baby, is interwoven with tales of intolerance from throughout history.  Having married into a family with Mafia connections, Donna thought her husband George was the diamond in the rough. But after his arrest, she sees layers of him beneath her worst fears, and finds herself fighting for her safety and sanity. The film explores the vision behind the iconic American jazz record label. Since 1939, Blue Note artists have been encouraged to push creative boundaries in search of uncompromising expressions. Through current recording sessions, rare archive and conversations with iconic Blue Note artists, the film reveals an intimate perspective of a legacy that continues to be vital in today's political climate. Insia Malik is a talented 15-year-old school girl from Baroda whose spirit is ripped because her mother is in a troubled and violent marriage. Of course she still dares to pursue her dream of becoming a singer and she also valiantly attempts to free her mother from her conservative, cold father. Michael Buble - TOUR STOP 148 presents a front row seat to the superstar's phenomenally successful sold out To Be Loved Tour which concluded in 2015 and was seen globally by over two million fans. Filmed for the big screen with superb 5.1 surround sound, Michael Buble - TOUR STOP 148 showcases thrilling live performances of many of the Grammy Award winning singer-songwriter's biggest hits, including Home, Haven't Met You Yet, Cry Me A River and Feelin' Good.  The performance is intercut with never-before-seen behind-the-scenes footage of Team Buble bringing this moveable feast from arena to arena for two years. This must-see event includes a special 15 minute introduction with Michael Buble EXCLUSIVE to cinemas - don't miss it! An expert dancer Munna who idolizes the king of pop, reluctantly tutors a gangster until their developing bond gets disrupted by their common romantic interest towards the same woman. "Raised by Krump" explores the LA-born dance movement "krumping," and how the dance has helped the lives of some of the area's most influential dancers. Every day, a young girl wearing a mask stands by the beach and sings a nostalgic melody. After experiencing two sudden heart-wrenching partings when she was only a child, Nino Arisugawa has been singing her songs to the ocean, bound by a promise made with her two childhood friends--her first love, Momo Sakaki, and a boy who composed music, Kanade "Yuzu" Yuzuriha. Having never met each other, the boys both individually promised that if Nino was ever separated from them, her voice would be the beacon to reunite them once again. The Rectum Raiders are a Turbo Glam-Metal band who have been together since their early teenage years. Now years later when a grown-up life with responsibilities and full-time jobs come peaking around the corner they give themselves one final shot to get their big breakthrough as a band and fulfill their childhood dreams. The tragedy of Adrian's battle with himself and his disease balanced with his joy and love of life and his creativity. This is the universal story of the razor's edge that so many artists walk between heaven and hell.  Under the pressure of his boss, a music producer decides to set up a group consisting of a rabbi, a priest and an imam to make them sing the living together. But the religious he recruits are far from being saints ... A phenomenon of popularity in the 1960s, Wilson Simonal saw his meteoric career fall apart when he was accused of collaborating with the Brazilian military dictatorship. Pure Country: Pure Heart is the moving, music-driven tale of teenage sisters Ada and Piper. Upon discovering a letter about their late father, a Marine who died in Iraq, they leave rural Tennessee and hit the road secretly in search of the truth about the man they never knew. As they uncover his past as a budding country music star, the sisters find their own voice, beginning their journey as singers/songwriters. The stars of a 1980s sci-fi show--now eking out a living through re-runs and sci-fi conventions--are beamed aboard an alien spacecraft. Believing the cast's heroic on-screen dramas are historical documents of real-life adventures, the band of aliens turn to the cast members for help in their quest to overcome the oppressive regime in their solar system. In 1959, a body of a flight attendant of an international airline is found, strangled. Detective Rokuro Fujisawa takes charge of the investigation with a young detective Ichimura and his investigations lead him to Father Tolbeck as a suspect. But the police are forced to move very discreetly as the time was right after the Second World War, when a sensitive situation that involves Western people and religion is likely to become an international issue. The investigation leads to an unexpected discloser of a shadowy business behind the church that reflects the uncertainty of the time. An account of the final tour of the band Rush, including interviews with the band, crew, and fans. The rich, vibrant culture of Mali is under threat. It Must Make Peace gives voice to Mali's musicians and artists, exploring the threats while celebrating the diverse and breathtaking artistry that weaves together its intricate social fabric. One of Britain's most exciting and popular stand-up comedians, Russell Howard is back in 2011 with his third sell-out tour Right Here, Right Now. The star of Russell Howard's Good News and Mock The Week never fails to entertain with his trademark mix of eloquent gags and deft storytelling. Like a poem of this beautiful city, four love stories happen in Saigon will show you how lovely Saigonese and their Love could be. The making of the band's first album in almost 20 years.  The corrupt Emperor Tiberius forces his bravest general, Marcus, to subdue the monstrous Cyclops that has been decimating the countryside... Steel Panther playing an acoustic set in front of an audience of scantily clad women featuring their classic songs An abandoned homestead, twelve songs and five days to cut an album. A journey into how the power of music transforms our life.  Chronicling the beautiful and tragic life and career of Ted Gardestad, this biopic tells the story of the great highs and lows of one of Sweden's most loved artists. The legendary Albert Finney heads an all-star cast (Jill Clayburgh, Kyle MacLachlan and Ethan Hawke) in this heartwarming drama of a retired man whose family blossoms after his wife leaves them. A South American composer travels to India to search for the truth behind a poetic vision, written to him by a female painter and his mysterious journey to discover the source of his music inspiration. This film exposes the scams prevailing in pharmaceutical world; how people pursuing medical profession make money at the cost of poor patients. Though this movie brings up an important issue of corruption in country, it's element of romance and comedy makes it perfect entertainer. It's Christmas Eve in Tinseltown and Sin-Dee is back on the block. Upon hearing that her pimp boyfriend hasn't been faithful during the 28 days she was locked up, the working girl and her best friend, Alexandra, embark on a mission to get to the bottom of the scandalous rumor. Their rip-roaring odyssey leads them through various subcultures of Los Angeles, including an Armenian family dealing with their own repercussions of infidelity. The November 13, 2015 terrorist attack in Paris claimed 130 lives around the city -- 89 of them at the Eagles of Death Metal's Bataclan Theatre concert. "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)" spotlights the American rock band as they recount their experiences before and after the tragic events. The film explores the deep bonds between band co-founders Jesse Hughes and Josh Homme (also a member of Queens of the Stone Age), as well as the intense connection the band has always had with its devoted fans, which moved them to return to Paris to perform once again in February 2016. The story of Lynyrd Skynyrd; The Greatest American Rock Band Ever. We fly beyond Free Bird to celebrate the life & times of leader Ronnie Van Zant, from boogie-woogie beginnings in Jacksonville's Shantytown to a tragic end in a Mississippi swamp. Harry will do anything to be a musician, but it takes a junk collector to discover his hidden talents. The Lucky Specials are a cover band in a dusty town in southern Africa. Mandla is a miner by day and plays lead guitar for The Lucky Specials by night. He dreams of making it big in the music industry. When tragedy strikes, the band, Mandla and their friend Nkanyiso struggle to hold everything together.  A crew of heroes is determined to save the lost arts of Hip Hop. Break Dancing, Graffiti, MCing, and DJing from total extinction. The lost arts are being oppressed throughout inner-space by lord Ook and his evil minions the Chinheads. The dental commander Dr. Julio Azul DDS, assumed to be secretary Honey Drips, Dental Hygienist/Robot Rubbish, and Grandpa have a series of adventures, synch'd to the music. Armed with the ancient relic known as the Wave Twister (a small turntable/wristwatch, the only weapon powerful enough to defeat the enemies), they travel to the far ends of inner-space for a final confrontation with the sinister army of oppressors. For the past forty years, the Caribbean has spawned a massive array of metal music, which for the most part has remained under the radar from the rest of the world. It is nearly impossible to capture the entire history of metal in the region given its prolific output. Nevertheless, this documentary sheds some light on three metal scenes in the Spanish-speaking Caribbean: Cuba, Dominican Republic, and Puerto Rico. The documentary examines how each island's metal scene has been influenced by history, culture, and political context. A young divorcee tries to convert a historic house into a hotel despite its oddball inhabitants and dead bodies in the cellar. An aging hippie sets out on a trip across America to find his family. With the help of a German bounty hunter, a freed slave sets out to rescue his wife from a brutal Mississippi plantation owner. Concert special featuring the iconic superstar as she performs in packed arenas around the globe. Featuring new hits and beloved classics that showcase Madonna's signature visual theatrics, exquisite costumes and awe-inspiring choreography. With exclusive behind-the-scenes access that reveal the pop icon and her legion of dancers as they pour blood, sweat and tears into creating an astonishing arena show celebrated by fans around the world. A chronological history of one of the most influential bands to come out of Australia, the Go-Betweens. One man's search for the prolific funk legend, Sly Stone. How do you define classic rock? Is it a genre, a radio format, or music from a specific period of time? Filmmaker & lifelong rocker Daniel Sarkissian travels the world, interviewing iconic artists in search of an answer. In the spring of 2016, global music sensation Major Lazer performed a free concert in Havana, Cuba--an unprecedented show that drew an audience of almost half a million. This concert documentary evolves into an exploration of youth culture in a country on the precipice of change. Straight out of Jersey comes Patricia Dombrowski, a.k.a. Killa P, a.k.a. Patti Cake$, an aspiring rapper fighting through a world of strip malls and strip clubs on an unlikely quest for glory. A real time journey witnessing the rise, fall, and ultimate redemption of the fierce feminist pioneers of American grunge punk: L7. The Way to Mandalay tells the story of one of Denmark's greatest and most beloved musicians.  The film takes us on a journey from Mogenson's childhood to manhood and throughout his career which spanned more than twenty years, first with great success in a popular vocal group and later as a successful solo artist. There is a long period that John Mogensen can never be satisfied and he is confused by what are the things he truely loves and is willing to do everything for. Is it the music, the stage, the fame or his family? Erroll Babbage has spent his career tracking sex offenders and his unorthodox methods are nearly as brutal as the criminals he monitors. When he links one of his deranged parolees to the disappearance of a local girl, he and his new partner must scour the S&M underground to find her before it's too late. Benjamim's nonstop tour through Portugal in Summer 2015. 'Get Better - A Film About Frank Turner' was directed by friend Ben Morse, and follows Frank Turner and his band The Sleeping Souls for a year on the road, but the band swiftly came off the road - and Frank came off the rails before recovery. Documentary about the role of Native Americans in popular music history, a little-known story built around the incredible lives and careers of the some of the greatest music legends. A young musician travels to Burning Man, a psychedelic festival in the middle of the Nevada desert, in an attempt to get the impetuous girl he has fallen in love with. High school student Naoki Tomura grew up in a remote area in Hokkaido. He meets piano tuner Soichiro Itadori in school and eventually decides to work at Itadori's musical instrument store. Tomura gradually grows as a piano tuner through his interactions with the other tuners and musician clients An elderly Nenet woman in teepee on northern Russia's Jamal Peninsula recounts her early life betrothed to a deity for the entertainment of a blind young girl. In the Nenet culture, a girl child can be married to holiest of holies, Num, before or after her birth. Lonely old Numbd Syarda (which means, literally, 'tied to Num') entertains the blind young Ilne ('giver of life') with stories of how she became one of these chosen few. I'VE GOT LEVITATION documents the 50th anniversary reunion of The 13th Floor Elevators at the Levitation 2015 music festival. The film offers an immersive glimpse into the festival with interviews and performances by: The 13th Floor Elevators, The Flaming Lips, The Black Angels, Jesus And Mary Chain, The GOASTT (Sean Lennon), Thee Oh Sees, Fuzz (Ty Segall), Mac Demarco, Lightning Bolt, Night Beats, Holy Wave, LA Witch AND MORE. A visual artist and a musician create a series of works in which paintings and musical scores form cohesive pieces intended to be experienced together. The works interpret the excitement and monotony of life in the urban desert sprawl from the diverse perspectives of the native and the newcomer. In the wake of his father's suicide, young record collector Ollie Sway returns to the family lake house with his friend Nikolai in tow to lay claim to an invaluable jazz recording. An unexpected visit from Ollie's estranged grandmother and a chance encounter with a girl from across the lake derail their search, forcing them to confront the Sway family history and a suffering that has resounded through generations. The journey of a struggling singer 'Fanney Khan' who aspires to make his daughter a big name in the music world. Accidents Waiting To Happen: The 12 Rods Story is a documentary made by James Francis Flynn about the seminal Minneapolis band 12 Rods. 12 Rods began auspiciously in Oxford, Ohio in 1992 and ended in Minneapolis in 2004. Their EP Gay? ('96) received a perfect rating from Pitchfork. From there, the band signed with V2 records, and made the albums Split Personalities ('98) and Separation Anxieties ('00), which was produced by Todd Rundgren. Accidents Waiting To Happen charts the band's history, with candid interviews of band members, critics, fans, and others involved with the band, alongside never-before-seen archival material. Inspired by Martin Scorsese's The Last Waltz, the film weaves 12 Rods' history with footage from their January 2015 reunion show. Fans of Minneapolis' 90s rock scene can't miss this exciting documentary. Three friends join their musical talent to escape the harsh reality of their neighborhood. But their lack of money for recordings will force them to involve in shady business. In February 2016, rock 'n' roll trio Thelma & the Sleaze embarked on the world's first "Intra-City Tour". They played 31 shows in 29 days and raffled off a promotional mini-van in the process, in an unprecedentedly absurd publicity stunt that raised the bar for independent artists everywhere. Exploring the furthest of reaches of Nashville's music scene, blazing new trails in its wake, the film follows the twists and turns, triumphs and follies of all 29 days as Thelma & the Sleaze bring their raw rock 'n' roll fury through DIY spaces, art galleries, laundromats, screen printing shops, record stores, clothing shops, candy factories, roller rinks and even a McDonald's. An ensemble drama in which the lives of 25 people intersect, inspired by Yamanaka Sadao's classic film {Humanity and Paper Balloons}. Various men and women, living in Japan today. Presents slices of everyday life for people in various situations, where things that are always the undergo change. It was the 80s: Hardcore punk got too violent and started getting banned in clubs and venues, new wave died as well as the clothes and the first wave of metal became stale; we were looking for a new sound and a new look. Bored with what we knew, we ushered in Bands that lived harder and drank more than we did - bands like Hanoi Rocks, Guns N Roses, Jane's Addiction. It was freeing to be young and rock'n'roll - we changed the fashion and its rules, ran the town, set the scene and remade Melrose ave. our street. It was OUR time, Scenester's in Los Angeles. This 80 minute documentary goes back to the clubs, the scenester's, and the 'mover and shakers" of the time - the bands. A non-judgemental look at a musical movement that defined a generation and explained a culture. It is the summer of 1980 in East Germany and, alone, Barbara is confined to living and working as a doctor in a small provincial town - her punishment for attempting to emigrate to the West. She has only one focus; to escape and for this, she has to wait patiently. Until Andre, her supervisor in the hospital, takes her off course. Are his motives of love or duty to the authorities? The day-to-day pretense, and content supervision slowly take their toll as the tension builds. After taking a DNA test, Latin America's most decorated artist - Rene Perez (AKA Residente) - embarks on a global adventure to trace the footsteps of his ancestors and record his latest album. Zander Raines, a dazzling and tempestuous young choreographer, gives the break of a lifetime to two hopeful artists when he casts a stunning contemporary dancer, Barlow, and innovative pianist, Charlie, in New York's most-anticipated new Broadway show: Free Dance. But the move throws off the show's delicate creative balance when Charlie falls hard for Barlow while Zander embraces her as his muse. Dreams So Real, the feature-length concert documentary, captures Canadian rock group Metric's last live performance of a year-long sold-out world tour. This movie tells the story of the latter years of Earl Long, a flamboyant governor of Louisiana. The aging Earl, an unapologetic habitue of strip joints, falls in love with young stripper Blaze Starr. When Earl and Blaze move in together, Earl's opponents use this to attack his controversial political program, which included civil rights for blacks in the 1950's.   Following his fourth studio album, acclaimed musician Chaz Bundick, otherwise known as Toro Y Moi, brings to the screen a sonic experience featuring all new live arrangements. Filmed in the middle of the Mojave desert, Toro Y Moi: Live from Trona presents an entire concert album, recorded live beneath the geological wonders known as the Trona Pinnacles. In 1994, Sarajevo was a city under siege. Mortars and rocket propelled grenades rained onto the city, killing indiscriminately, every day. Amongst the madness, two United Nations personnel: a British military officer and another Brit working for the UN Fire Department, decided it would be fun to persuade a global rock star, Bruce Dickinson of Iron Maiden, to come and play a gig to the population. Scream for Me Sarajevo brings that story, in all its madness, to the big screen. A story of musicians who risked their lives to play a gig to people who risked their lives to live them. A shy teenager living on the Isle of Wight dreams of pop stardom. With the help of an unlikely mentor, she enters a singing competition that will test her integrity, talent, and ambition. One heart is an upcoming documentary picture describing about true internal feelings of the band people (singers,musicians and so on) used in his concerts ,efforts made in organizing it, and most importantly the endless joy resting in this work. Lila, a famous retired singer, loses her memory after suffering an accident, just as she planned her return to the stage. It does not go well with the Romeo's. Especially Chris gets on his hips when Davy once again show up late to a concert where other singers are on the bill. When one of the artists will be attacked just before his performance, Davy intervenes. Chris and Gunther are amazed at his intervention and demand an explanation. Davy takes them to his house and shows how he's been a undercover agent within the HIT mission. More he can not lose on this. But for Chris, this is proof that Davy is no longer with his heart in the Romeo's. He also wants the Romeo's to stop. And that's just on the eve of the European Schlagerfestival... An intimate portrait of the acclaimed North Carolina band The Avett Brothers, charting their decade-and-a- half rise, while chronicling their present-day collaboration with famed producer Rick Rubin on the multi-Grammy-nominated album "True Sadness." A woman leaves a convent to become a governess to the children of a Army officer widower. Blackberry Smoke's stop at Bob Weir's TRI Studios is chronicled in the band's new DVD, Blackberry Smoke with Bob Weir: An Evening at TRI, featuring the Southern rock ensemble collaborating with the Dead guitarist on a number of tunes in the intimate space. The DVD includes Weir joining Blackberry Smoke on tunes like "Deep Elem Blues," "Big Boss Man," "Ramble on Rose," "Big River," "Promised Land," "Up on Cripple Creek" and a finale of "The Weight." A documentary about a band that had a hit in the mid 90's and then seemingly disappeared... only to rise again as an independent band in a new era of music. An unflinching and deeply personal journey into the life and work of guitarist Eric Clapton told through his own words and songs. Documentary following British punk duo Sleaford Mods on their two year journey from Nottingham bedroom recording sessions to chart success This spectacular live concert, filmed at London's O2 using the latest Ultra High Definition 4K technology by renowned director Hamish Hamilton, captures Peter Gabriel's celebration of the 25th anniversary of his landmark album "So". To mark the event Gabriel reunited his original "So" touring band from 1986/87 - Tony Levin, David Rhodes, David Sancious and Manu Katche - and for the very first time fans saw them play the multi-platinum selling album in its entirety. But the concert is much more than just a nostalgic trip down memory lane; delivering performances of new and even unfinished material alongside acoustic re-workings and a plentiful supply of classic favourites, broken down into three sections. What Peter calls "the starter, the savoury course and the dessert". George Geef gets sent home from work to tend to his cold. Lucca is a struggling country singer who is forced by his manager Iolanda to record cheesy pop-country song. Upon a disagreement during a studio recording section, Lucca returns to his hometown in order to find inspiration for his music. On June 13, 2009, SLIPKNOT headlined the annual Download Festival in the UK, performing in front of 80,000 of their rabid fans. The performance was typical SLIPKNOT, coming on the heels of one of the strongest years in SLIPKNOT's illustrious career...annnd they filmed it for a DVD. 30 cameras captured ths (sic)ness on tape - which will be the name of SLIPKNOT's brand new DVD release. Tracklisting for (sic)ness: 1. 742617000027 2. (sic) 3. Eyeless 4. Wait and Bleed 5. Get This 6. Before I Forget 7. Sulfur 8. The Blister Exists 9. Dead Memories 10. Left Behind 11. Disasterpiece 12. Vermilion 13. Everything Ends 14. Psychosocial 15. Duality 16. People=Shit 17. Surfacing 18. Spit it Out Today, Afghans are one of the largest migrant populations fleeing their country for Europe/the West. Since 2002 the international community has injected more than a trillion dollars into Afghanistan. What went wrong? This film examines the counter insurgency/ culture campaign that the US government [and others] waged. Told through the eyes of Afghan youth, who start the country's first ever heavy metal band and an adventurous Australian, who created a Western style music scene in the capital - Kabul. Will head banging, disenchanted Afghans win the hearts and minds of their peers or will the Taliban come back from the grave? In New Hampshire, a legend is buried. GG Allin, the most outrageous singer in rock'n roll history. He was known for defecating on stage, fighting and having sex with the audience. He died a mythological death from a heroin overdose in 1993, aged 37. Directed by the award-winning director Sami Saif, THE ALLINS is a loving and entertaining look at the family of the departed rock singer. A documentary about experimental drummer Fritz Hauser. The Swiss art-rock band Les Reines Prochaines emerged from the youth and feminist movement of the 1980s. The young and cheeky performance artists of yesteryear are now "mature" women but still exuberantly youthful in spirit. Even after 25 years since their debut, they continue to venture across traditional genre and gender borders - with a witty, sensual and radical approach. The film traces the distinctive history of the Reines Prochaines and captures the artists in rehearsal and during their day-to-day life on tour. After losing his close friend Bradley Nowell of Sublime to a heroin overdose, Todd Zalkins aka 'ZMAN' fights for his life in what will become the worst drug crisis in American History, the Opioid Epidemic. Against all odds, Todd is able to break a seventeen year addiction to prescription pain killers and dedicates his life to helping others who struggle with addiction. One of the most important artists of our era, Ryuichi Sakamoto has had a prolific career spanning over four decades, from techno-pop stardom to Oscarwinning film composer. The evolution of his music has coincided with his life journeys. Following Fukushima, Sakamoto became an iconic figure in Japan's social movement against nuclear power. As Sakamoto returns to music following cancer, his haunting awareness of life crises leads to a resounding new masterpiece. RYUICHI SAKAMOTO: CODA is an intimate portrait of both the artist and the man.  My brothers tell about the love of inseparable brothers and the greatest star of Finnish music. What it takes to break the curse and take life in their own hands. After serving a 12-year sentence for killing the man that slept with his wife, a man ponders whether he should try and reconcile with his family, or take revenge on those who turned him in. Jacob Sartorius. Started as a little boy from Virginia to a talented over- achieving 14 year old teen. Jacob Sartorius' "Life on the Road" shows his life during shows and on tour, making a difference to the world. With music. A drama/thriller about rock music, obsession, shampoo and death. Aging rock musician David Tangiers hasn't given up on the idea of recording a comeback album, even though he now works as a hairstylist in the salon he owns with his wife Cecily. After a mysterious new talent named Javy Bates makes his way into David's life, Cecily tries to recruit him to help David with his music, only to find that Javy has an agenda of his own..  Mantra -- Sounds into Silence is a feature-length documentary that explores the musical and social phenomenon of chant and response meditation. With music and Performances from Deva Premal & Miten with Manose, Krishna Das, Snatam Kaur, Jai Uttal, MC Yogi, Dave Stringer, Lama Gyurme & Jean-Philippe Rykiel, C.C. White, Mirabai Ceiba, Gaura Vani, Nina Rao, Charlie Braun & Others A behind-the-scenes look at the prolific label's legacy and offer an in-depth look at the two-night anniversary extravaganza that took place last May at Brooklyn's Barclays Center in honor of the late rap great, The Notorious B.I.G. Documentary that chronicles the career of the legendary Australian punk band Radio Birdman.  In the 70s two brothers battle killer waves, conservative society and ruthless bikers to kick-start the modern surf industry. About an ongoing project where musician and composer Lisa Nordstrom meet international musicians for an improvised site specific sessions in Cuba, Indonesia, Japan and Sweden. 'Tangerine Dream is science fiction!' declares band leader Edgar Froese who died in January, 2015 aged 70. For almost fifty years he and his band 'Tangerine Dream' explored sound and its effect on our emotions. This film about one of Germany's first electronic bands kicks off with the young Berlin musicians who were as inspired by the space age of the 1960s, with its rocket launchings and visions of the future, as they were by their own heartbeat, on which Froese also based compositions. Aided by the Moog and other synthesisers Froese (and various band members) revolutionised popular music. His explorations took him into the worlds of classical, new and film music. He preferred to visualise moods rather than create clearly structured songs.  A blend of amateur footage, interviews with band members, relatives, friends and colleagues such as Jean-Michel Jarre that creates a comprehensive portrait of an artistic pioneer. An unprecedented examination of the impact the Star Trek experience has had on the franchise's most celebrated participants: William Shatner and Leonard Nimoy. These two stars have arguably embodied the brightest icons in the sci-fi universe; Shatner as passionate Captain James T. Kirk, and Nimoy as logical-minded, half Vulcan Mr. Spock. They wanted to build a game that let you touch the music as it played on the screen. That game was DJMAX TECHNIKA, and in creating it they wrote the rules of modern gaming years ahead of the rest of the gaming industry, and created a place for a community of life long friends to grow in a dim, neon-lit little corner of arcades, drawing eyes and hands with thumping bass and touching sound. From designer and player and from California to Tokyo, this is the story of a groundbreaking game and the people who came together to play it. Featuring legendary recording engineer Steve Albini, 'Document: A film about Malojian' captures the energy of a band at the top of their game, as they rush to complete their third album, "This is Nowhere", in just four days. Denmark, 1961. Bjorn, a middle-class boy in his early teens, wants to be accepted by Steen, a bullying peer of his with wealthy but freezingly cold parents. Bjorn's other good friend is Mulle, a cheerful and more childish working-class boy. All three seem friends at first, but gradually Steen starts pushing Mulle away while pulling the impressionable Bjorn with him towards more and more violence. A celebration of the musical legacy of Memphis' best-known secret - Big Star - performed by a collective featuring members of Big Star, the dB's, Let's Active, the Posies, R.E.M., Semisonic, Wilco and Yo La Tengo with the Kronos Quartet and more. "Horn From The Heart: The Paul Butterfield Story" is a feature-length documentary about the life and career of legendary blues musician Paul Butterfield.  A portrait of a hard rocking band known for their substance-fueled live performances on their evolutionary journey to become one of the greatest cult rock bands of our time. Tragic story of child prodigy pianist-composer Geoffrey Tozer, inspired by former Prime Minister Paul Keating's searing eulogy for the artist. Djam, a young Greek woman, is sent to Istanbul by her uncle Kakourgos, a former sailor with a passion for Rebetiko, to find a rare part that will repair their boat. In Istanbul, she encounters Avril, a nineteen-year-old French girl, alone and without any money, who came to Turkey as a voluntary worker with refugees. Djam, generous, cheeky, unpredictable, and free-spirited, takes Avril under her wing on the way to Mytilene. A journey filled with encounters, music, sharing, and hope. Documenting the making of American rock'n'roll band Dawes' fifth studio album "We're All Gonna Die" When Alita awakens with no memory of who she is in a future world she does not recognize, she is taken in by Ido, a compassionate doctor who realizes that somewhere in this abandoned cyborg shell is the heart and soul of a young woman with an extraordinary past. A unique examination of the life-long existential journey taken by a self-made musician, his unforgiving ambition and self-destructive determination to express himself. Jim and Loz Beck are brothers from Chipping Norton. They play rock'n'roll together since they're 8 years old. At 18, they leave the boring british countryside to live and work on their music in London. Jim starts working in a Cultural association while Loz discovers the pleasures of the student life. The film is driven by the raw punk music and the deeply political and emotional lyrics from their two piece band Cassels. In this intimate portrait, Jim and Loz will confront their strong artistic point of view and their DIY approach to the reality of the music industry and the social and economical London's life. Andrew Meyer first became known as a promising young experimental filmmaker, singled out by artists like Gregory J. Markopoulos for his lyrical small-gauge work. An Early Clue to the New Direction is one his best, starring cult actress Joy Bang, poet Rene Ricard, and early gay-rights activist Prescott Townsend, who holds forth on his "snowflake theory" of human sexuality's myriad varieties. An offbeat, irreverent musical documentary that tells the story of a group of Jewish songwriters, including Irving Berlin, Mel Torme, Jay Livingston, Ray Evans, Gloria Shayne Baker and Johnny Marks, who wrote the soundtrack to Christianity's most musical holiday. It's an amazing tale of immigrant outsiders who became irreplaceable players in pop culture's mainstream - a generation of songwriters who found in Christmas the perfect holiday in which to imagine a better world, and for at least one day a year, make us believe.  A dramatization of the life of the acclaimed American musician, Prince, who died from an accidental overdose at the age of just 57 in 2016. A documentary which traces the life of the magnetic, world-conquering, Jamaican musician, model and party queen Grace Jones. Beginning on the eve of her thirtieth birthday, "Brave Enough," documents violinist Lindsey Stirling over the past year as she comes to terms with the most challenging & traumatic events of her life. Through her art, she seeks to share a message of hope and courage and yet she must ask herself the question, "Am I Brave Enough?" Capturing her personal obstacles and breakthrough moments during the "Brave Enough," tour, the film presents an intimate look at this one-of- a-kind artist and her spectacular live performances inspired by real-life heartbreak, joy, and love. Chelios faces a Chinese mobster who has stolen his nearly indestructible heart and replaced it with a battery-powered ticker that requires regular jolts of electricity to keep working.  Five young dancers are obsessed with tango, far from its homeland  Argentina: in the Black Forest. Helena, Susanna, Christian, Joscha and Ruben are all single. Their all-consuming passion is a dance with rigid gender roles and hierarchical rules. How does this conflict with modern, everyday life? How are relationships and the longing for a partner affected by the tango life? "Tango on a Visit" unmasks the unique subculture and the emotional conflicts which are normally hidden behind the elegant spectacle of the erotic dance.  A demure medical student falls in love with a brash Bangladesh Radio deejay during the revolutionary '70s. On November 11th, 2016 Beartooth performed a homecoming show at Express LIVE! in Columbus, OH. This was not just another show that served as the conclusion to their 2016 Aggressive Tour, but an emotional homecoming playing a venue they grew up going to. Since their early days of playing jam-packed basement shows, Beartooth have always stayed true to their roots. The raw emotion that went into each performance embodies what Beartooth is all about; giving fans an unforgettable live experience every night. Beartooth: Live in Columbus includes 14 live performances spanning their catalog, along with commentary from each band member as they describe their journey as musicians. Beartooth have played sold out shows around the world, their sophomore album Aggressive debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard Alternative Chart and No. 3 on the Billboard Rock Chart upon release. Following her award-winning documentary, One Tree Three Lives, about novelist Hualing Nieh Engle, Hong Kong director Angelina Chan examines the artist Yank Wong Yan-kwai. A complex man who resists easy categorizations, Wong is a painter, art director, set designer, writer, musician, and photographer, an elusive renaissance man of bountiful creativity. More than a portrait of an artist and the creative life, the  lm is also a high-octane cat-and-mouse game between  lmmaker and subject: one tries to capture, the other evades   A journey deep into the oldest music in the Western world, guided by an eccentric musicologist who has dedicated his life to understanding and preserving it. Live from Glyndebourne 1987. Agriculture and its perspective in modern times. The change from farmers to energy supplier raise questions. Are we doing the right thing? A documentary about the Swedish rapper and artist Silvana Imam. LONDON SYMPHONY is a brand new silent film - a city symphony - which offers a poetic journey through the city of London. It is an artistic snapshot of the city as it stands today, and a celebration of its culture and diversity. A young Chinese folk singer left his hometown to the big city, only to return to his musical traditions. On this journey, his humor, anger and powerful folk songs all comes from the rural life of past. That's the real taste of soil and dust. 15-year-old freshman Charlie is a wallflower, always watching life from the sidelines, until two charismatic senior students become his mentors. Free-spirited Sam and her stepbrother Patrick help Charlie discover the joys of friendship, first love, music and more, while a teacher sparks Charlie's dreams of becoming a writer. John Cadigan, an artist with schizophrenia, presents a documentary about "the world inside my head. It's a chaotic world filled with paranoia, creativity, fear and desire. A world in  which I'm struggling every day, trying to know what is real and what is not." Join the legendary musician on a trip through his extensive songbook in this 2012 concert recorded in London's Hyde Park. Performances range from "The Sounds of Silence" and "The Boxer" to "50 Ways to Leave Your Lover" and "Late in the Evening." A youth inspirational film, about how a group of high school students try to revive Chinese orchestra ensemble. They face many challenges along the way to compete nationally, including a rivalry with the more popular Western orchestra club. Street dancer Skyler comes out of the shadow of her trained dancer sister, Tosha, & joins a dance competition with the Honey dance studio; the prize is a college scholarship. BUCK-TICK's "CLIMAX TOGETHER" which was done on the same date, the same place in 1992, 2004, 2016 and 12 years cycle.  It is a track of "BUCK - TICK" evolution that will continue to operate in major scenes from the dawn of Japanese rock industry.  Death of familiar people, global terrorism, threat of nature.  A deep bond and affection with fans who keep closing together no matter how many years passed.  By sharing sorrows that never can resist and the joy that anyone can not take, a message was born and a song was born.  The work now approaches the core of "CLIMAX TOGETHER" and "BUCK - TICK", by interviewing the members,  and re - editing the images released as works until now as unpublished scenes, for  32 years since the formation It became a work that can recognize the growth and ties of the members who have been walking. A film exploring the innovative world of Acoustic FingerStyle guitar featuring interviews with many leading players including Andy McKee, Kaki King, Newton Faulkner and Tommy Emmanuel. Acoustic Uprising looks at the rich history of FingerStyle and the fusion of musical ideas the style has become known for. A documentary chronicling The Tragically Hip during the emotional lead up through to the epic last show of the iconic Canadian band's now legendary 2016 tour. In 1973, 15-year-old William Miller's unabashed love of music and aspiration to become a rock journalist lands him an assignment from Rolling Stone magazine to interview and tour with the up-and-coming band Stillwater--fronted by lead guitar Russell Hammond, and lead singer Jeff Bebe.  Brosettes rejoice! Matt and Luke Goss take on the big screen - and each other - in this candid documentary charting the twin pop sensations' stormy reunion. On the day that underground rapper Hak-soo fails his 7th audition, he receives a call from his hometown that his father is in the  hospital. But he finds out that it was his father's plot to bring him to Byeon-san. To top it all, he is suspected as a phishing scam  criminal and locked up in this small, boring suburb. Shortly after WWII an American soldier (Norman) and a Polish refugee (Emilia) fall in deep love. Eventually he will return to USA and both expect that she will soon follow him. Emilia's mother is sick but would recover by available medicine. Somehow the mother but not Emilia knows that there will only be one ticket. Realising that Emilia would never abandon her, the mother secretly throws away the daily doses given her by Emilia - and dies The wonderful power of folk songs and dances that helps to notice the beauty of the world and human relations. Alevtina Romanova is a warden in the woman's colony, and the only thing that is different from her <<iron lady>> image is her voice - a voice which even a notable opera diva would envy.  However, Alevtina has been ashamed of her talent since the times she was a kid and nowadays, preliminarily making sure no one's around, she rarely sings for herself. Despite the fact that Alevtina is trying to stay invisible, one of the prisoners secretly records her singing on video by a cellphone and puts it online. The tape becomes a real sensation, and soon Alevtina is invited to Moscow to participate in the main singing show on national television. A sincere desire to change her life awakens inside Alevtina but she's not ready to compete in the show at all. The only person who could train her voice and prepare her for the performance is that very prisoner, who recorded the video, who turns out to be a singer in the past. A random group of people wake up on an Island where they are being hunted down in a sinister plot to harvest their organs. Chronicles the final tour from Black Sabbath. On February 4th, 2017, Black Sabbath takes the stage in Birmingham, the city where it all began, to play the 81st and final gig of the tour and bring down the curtain on a career that spanned almost half a century.  In the hip Brooklyn neighborhood of Red Hook, single dad and record store owner Frank is preparing to send his hard-working daughter Sam off to college while being forced to close his vintage shop. Hoping to stay connected through their shared musical passions, Frank urges Sam to turn their weekly jam sessions into a father-daughter live act. After their first song becomes an internet breakout, the two embark on a journey of love, growing up and musical discovery. Naples. A Virgin with bruise on her cheek who performs miracles. Three female characters, each connected to the Virgin in their own way but who never meet. Giusy, a girl in a wheelchair who had no right to a miracle; an atheist, free-spirited, and an anthropologist specializing in the worship of the Virgin Mary. Fabiana, a transsexual at the head of a troupe faithful supporters of the Virgin in a popular district of the city center. And Sue, a Korean pianist in search of a new direction for her life, teaching music to children in difficulty in a city far removed from her original culture. Each with their intimate wounds and each searching for a "miracle". A documentary film about Swiss musician and singer/songwriter Stephan Eicher, his Yeniche roots and the history and persecution of the Yeniche people in Switzerland and their links to Swiss music. Black &amp; White Night 30 is a re-imagined, re-edited, remastered and expanded version of the original television special.  Filmed in black and white, Roy Orbison's 1987 television concert covers all his hits, including "Pretty Woman," "Only the Lonely," "Crying" and "Dream Baby." A star-studded group of friends -- Jackson Browne, Elvis Costello, Bonnie Raitt and Bruce Springsteen, among others -- joins Orbison onstage in a 1940s nightclub setting, jamming with one of rock 'n' roll's most unforgettable voices. The muse of Andy Warhol, Christa Paffgen, stage name Nico, singer with the band Velvet Underground and a woman of legendary beauty. She gained a new lease of life after the story everyone knows, when she launched her solo career. The quirky Dutch-Jamaican Hadiah Tromp (21) is the daughter of Navy officer Tromp, who believes his daughter is a perfect fit for the Navy. But Hadiah doesn't like her Navy training. She prefers to stay at home and listen to her collection of old Ska records. When her boyfriend cheats on her, she decides to finish her Navy training. But Hadiah has difficulties feeling at home in the disciplined and closed environment of the naval frigate and she has constant collusions with the handsome but stern Sergeant Major Paul Borremans. Can the impulsive Hadiah stand tall in the Navy world full of rules? Or is she forced to leave the ship early? It's a music documentary that tells the story of Roy Gurvitz, who created Lost Vagueness, at Glastonbury and who, as legendary founder, Michael Eavis says, reinvigorated the festival. With the decadence of 1920's Berlin, but all in a muddy field. A film of the dark, self-destructive side of creativity and the personal trauma behind it. The real life story of East German singer and writer Gerhard Gundermann and his struggles with music, life as a coal miner and his dealings with the secret police (STASI) of the GDR. A legendary dance teacher transforms the lives of the kids she teaches, inspiring them to overcome obstacles, perfect their craft, and compete for a chance to claim the title of Top Teen dance group in North America. Filmed on August 1970, 2AM, in front of 600,000 people, with Jim Morrison's ongoing Miami obscenity trial still weighing heavily on the band, they traverse such staples as "Roadhouse Blues", "Break On Through (To The Other Side)", and "Light My Fire".  Turo is stuck in a small village and the best thing in his life is being the lead vocalist for the amateur metal band Impaled Rektum. He and his bandmates have practiced for 12 years without playing a single gig. The guys get a surprise visitor from Norway -- the promoter for a huge heavy metal music festival -- and decide it's now or never. They steal a van, a corpse, and even a new drummer to make their dreams a reality. The story of Agit Prop, communist band established in 1970. Fairy-tale adaptation.  Docummentary about musician Ryan Kattner (known as Honus Honus) and his return to the road on the West Coast.  A feature length documentary about stripmine crooner, Rev. Fred Lane, and the Raudelunas arts collective of Alabama in the Seventies. This short documentary highlights one of the biannual dinners at Club Prosper Montagne, a leading international gastronomic society. While elaborate dishes are served with great pomp, we meet Quebec's Chef of the year Marcel Kretz, who is coordinating the feast from the kitchen of Hotel La Sapiniere, in the Laurentians. When recently single Steven moves into his new apartment, cable guy Chip comes to hook him up--and doesn't let go. Initially, Chip is just overzealous in his desire to be Steven's pal, but when Steven tries to end the 'friendship', Chip shows his dark side. He begins stalking Steven, who's left to fend for himself because no one else can believe Chip's capable of such behaviour. Go behind the scenes with pop provocateur Lady Gaga as she releases a bold new album and prepares for her Super Bowl halftime show. The story of the late jazz musician and classical pianist Nina Simone including her rise to fame and relationship with her manager Clifton Henderson. For the last 23 years, Peter Roberts has had the most unusual job in Australia. He helps people to die. A young girl wakes up with no memory of the past few days, and finds herself being stalked by a mysterious entity. This very special film consists of truly electrifying video footage from Bob Dylan's "born again" period, shot on the last leg of his '79-'80 tour, much of it thought to have been lost for years and all newly restored. A young musician from a small town in China tries to save his town's treasured Rock Park by organizing a charity rock concert. For the young man who lives in Serbian province town, the maturing coincides with the turbulent political events of the year 1968. Off a dirt road in rural Maine, a precocious 20-year-old woman named Michelle Smith lives with her mother Julie. Michelle is quirky and charming, legally blind and diagnosed on the autism spectrum, with big dreams and varied passions. Searching for connection, Michelle explores love and empowerment outside the limits of "normal" through a provocative fringe community. Will she take the leap to experience the wide world for herself? Michelle's joyful story of self-discovery celebrates outcasts everywhere. Documentary about the arena-packing Swedish DJ, chronicling his explosive rise to fame and surprising decision to retire from live performances in 2016. Decades after first performing there with Pink Floyd, singer-guitarist David Gilmour returned in July 2016 for two concerts in the ancient Italian amphitheatre as part of his Rattle That Lock tour. Driven to succeed as professional musicians, two Providence-based artists venture on a metamorphic journey from DIY folk band to the internationally known band, The Low Anthem, finding themselves falling down a rabbit hole when inhabiting an abandoned opera house and creating a magical world of their own. Told through performances, TV interviews, home movies, family photographs, private letters and unpublished memoirs, the film reveals the essence of an extraordinary woman who rose from humble beginnings in New York City to become a glamorous international superstar and one of the greatest artists of all time. A young punk rocker in Istanbul tracks down a cruise ticket to California on the night of his birthday gig. Based on the director's personal family story. Film sets during the 90's unrest Turkey. The Rolling Stones kicked off their 2015 North American tour at the Fonda Theatre where they performed the entire Sticky Fingers album. It's 1974. Muhammad Ali is 32 and thought by many to be past his prime. George Foreman is ten years younger and the heavyweight champion of the world. Promoter Don King wants to make a name for himself and offers both fighters five million dollars apiece to fight one another, and when they accept, King has only to come up with the money. He finds a willing backer in Mobutu Sese Suko, the dictator of Zaire, and the "Rumble in the Jungle" is set, including a musical festival featuring some of America's top black performers, like James Brown and B.B. King. Raj Tharun is a kleptomaniac. He can't stop himself from stealing small things. Even when he falls in love with the beautiful Amyra Dastur, he couldn't restrain himself from stealing. That creates a huge problem for his love life as Amyra's father hates criminals. Let's Play Two is a documentary film that chronicles Pearl Jam's legendary performances at Wrigley Field during the Chicago Cubs historic 2016 season. With Chicago being a hometown to Eddie Vedder, Pearl Jam has forged a relationship with the city, the Chicago Cubs and Wrigley Field that is unparalleled in the world of sports and music. From Ten to Lightning Bolt, the documentary film shuffles through Pearl Jam's ever-growing catalog of originals and covers - spanning the band's 25-year career. Through the eyes of renowned director/photographer Danny Clinch and the voice of Pearl Jam, the film showcases the journey of this special relationship. A dramatic reconstruction of the lives of two sisters, living in the suburbs of Manchester, in a house that has never changed from its Victorian origins. A young rock band, half from England and half from the US, drop out of college and move to the Sunset Strip to chase their dreams. Are record collectors simply purveyors of popular culture or are they its greatest protectors?  The film Forty-Five: The Search for Soul, sets out to answer that question as we follow one DJ on a quest for black gold. For Johnny Starke digging through dusty thrift shop bins to find lost wax and forgotten sounds is not simply a hobby... It's his chief obsession and his life's work.  This is a film about record collecting and more importantly, it's about saving forgotten pieces of popular culture and returning them to the turntable, the dance floor and ultimately back to their historical relevance.  Director Anthony Ladesich brings to life the story of one collector, one 45rpm record, and one song. An adolescent groupie zeroes in on her Blondie-like idol after the singer chances to cross her orbit on a publicity tour. Gradually their lives intertwine as, with near-operatic intensity, the film delves into the emotional dependency on both sides of celebrity culture. A journey into the world of one of Britain's best-loved and most influential bands of modern times, XTC.  Through a mixture of animation, archive and specially-shot sequences, the film explores the minds of principle songwriters, Partridge and Moulding. Based on the novel of the same name by Cixin Liu, the first in the Remembrance of Earth's Past trilogy. Hundreds of physicists died mysteriously. A Chinese nanomaterials expert, Wang Miao, sees a mysterious countdown in his eyes. Soon he finds out that the "disastrous planet" under three suns in a game really exists. The three-body civilization there will reach the Earth in 400 years. A future catastrophe is coming for humanity... A thrilling concert film that documents Jeff Lynne's ELO playing their triumphant concert for a massive audience at Wembley Stadium on June 24, 2017. We see Lynne and his remarkable musical ensemble filling Wembley Stadium with one of the greatest rock & roll spectacles of all time, complete with bells, whistles and spaceships, and most importantly, many of the most beloved songs of our lifetime. Yumi, a woman smelling with decadent beauty, went to the bar which she had her first date with her husband Kota. She met a famous photographer Kenny in the bar. Kenny was addicted to the abnormal beauty of Yumi. He then took Yumi to his studio, and not only took photos with Yumi, but also took her body. Kenny thought Yumi was only one of the numerous women that he had one-night-stands with. However, Yumi believed that Kenny was her only man except her husband. In order to stay with Kenny all the time, Yumi tricked Kenny to her mansion and confined him, and even cut his toe when Kenny was trying to escape. With the physical and psychological threats, Kenny started to feel sympathy for Yumi, and enjoyed Yumi's "special services" until he finally forgot that he was in confinement During the Korean War, the lieutenant in charge of a Marine rifle platoon is killed in battle. Before he dies, he places the platoon's sergeant, who's black, in charge. The sergeant figures on having trouble with two men in his platoon: a private who has much more combat experience than he does, and a racist Southerner who doesn't like blacks in the first place and has no intention of taking orders from one. Written by frankfob2@yahoo.com Brian Jones, Jimi Hendrix, Janis Joplin and Jim Morrison all died at the age of 27 between 1969 and 1971. At the time, the coincidence gave rise to some comment, but it was not until the death of Kurt Cobain, about two and a half decades later, that the idea of a "27 Club" began to catch on in public perception, reignited with the death of Amy Winehouse in 2011. Through interviews with people who knew them, such as music stars, critics, medical experts and unseen footage, the lives, music, and artistry of those who died at 27 are investigated with a bid to find answers. Eager in spirit for a better world, an amateur rock band from bohemian Istanbul embarks on an impromptu tour to mainland Turkey, in hopes of sharing their music and love with fellow countrymen. For this very special hometown show, all four original band members--Boy George, Jon Moss, Roy Hay and Mikey Craig-reunited for one final show together at the historic Wembley Arena in London. This documentary film examines the transformative power of lyrics in the world of hip-hop music. Through dynamic archival footage, in-depth interviews and excursions with artists like Nas, Tech9, J Cole, Rapsody and Anderson. Paak, the film explores the many dimensions that hip-hop poetics occupy. The life and career of rock n' roll icon Joan Jett from her early years ripping it up onstage as the founder and backbone of hard-rock legends The Runaways, to her long time collaboration with Kenny Laguna as Joan Jett & the Blackhearts, and her enduring presence in pop culture as a rock pioneer and mentor. With her inimitable singles "I Love Rock n Roll," and "Bad Reputation" Joan Jett inspired a generation of young women to rock. Mento was the first national music of Jamaica and it begat Ska, Rocksteady, Reggae and the Dancehall music of today. No film has been made wholly about the subject and it is a little known genre around the world. In April 2017 Japanese composer, pianist and music producer Ryuichi Sakamoto made a guest appearance for two evenings in the Veteran's Room, an intimate, 200-seater hall at the Park Avenue Armory in New York. Stephen Nomura Schible recorded this concert with his camera. An engaged couple is forced to visit Palm Springs for a weekend to celebrate her parents' 25th wedding vow renewal and discover the apparent secret to their happy marriage -- threesomes. Determined to properly celebrate their own "re-engagement," they set out on a wild night in search of a threesome of their own but the experience takes an intense turn, exposing deeper relationship problems and threatening their future together. The girlfriend of a young gypsy tries to guide her life in a proper way but does not achieve it. When she gets difficulties because of a fight everything changes. Handsome but backward gardener Tim Melville has a new woman in his life. She is Mary, his widowed employer, a woman who had given up on love until she had found Tim. At first they are friends. But soon they become lovers, as Mary, drawn to Tim's innocence and magnetism, begins to teach him all about life - and love.  Your War (I'm One Of You) chronicles the life and career of Chicago's Tim Kinsella, frontman of ever-shifting band Joan of Arc and '90's pioneers Cap'n Jazz. With appearances from Tim's friends, family, and admirers, we learn what has made his legacy so unique and enduring for more than 20 years. Five days in the life of fabled Greenwich Village guitar store Carmine Street Guitars. There is a classical music festival going on. The camera takes a look at the backstage, captures the last rehearsals, follows the work of the technical crew, costume preparations and the banter between the signer and the pianist. Backstage, fans are collecting autographs and take photographs with artists. This is the festival microcosm as seen from all possible perspectives. The stage seems to be somewhere far away as the process of music creation and the commotion that accompanies it is more important. Zander Raines, a dazzling and tempestuous young choreographer, gives the break of a lifetime to two hopeful artists when he casts a stunning contemporary dancer, Barlow, and innovative pianist, Charlie, in New York's most-anticipated new Broadway show: Free Dance. But the move throws off the show's delicate creative balance when Charlie falls hard for Barlow while Zander embraces her as his muse. Lauren wants to rebuild her community, including her family home, in the aftermath of a devastatingly disastrous storm. A documentary following a year in the life of Little Mix. Shows the positives and negatives of being the worlds biggest Girlband! Twenty homeless people, one opera. An Amsterdam based homeless choir is rehearsing an opera written for them. Who is setting the rules?  A portrait of the life of Tita Merello, famous Argentinian singer and actress. JOE FRANK - SOMEWHERE OUT THERE is a feature length film that explores the life of award-winning audio artist  Joe Frank whose career on radio and on-line has spanned four decades.  Frank's highly produced radio shows can be described as innovative, abstract, underground, autobiographical, surreal, funny, disturbing, and thought provoking meditations on the human condition. The essence and inspiration of the album Empires was the beatitudes and it was always an aspiration to film where Jesus preached the Sermon on the Mount - and to present the songs in a live format. Filmed in Jerusalem and surrounding areas, this is a unique take on many of the songs from United's most recent release, Empires.  With breathtaking imagery and impacting visuals and audio, this live project is one of the most unique to come out of Hillsong. At the downbeat of the new millennium there was no bigger, darker, or more deeply influential hard rock band in the world than KoRn. But for lead guitarist Brian Head Welch, a dream come true was giving way to a raging nightmare of self-loathing and addiction. At the end of himself, he made an even harder decision than leaving KoRn. Told with intimate access to the family and band, this genre-bending documentary delivers unprecedented access to one of rock's most unbelievable stories of restoration. On November 10, 2017, at the historic Capitol Theatre in Port Chester New York, Sheryl Crow played the final night of her Be Myself tour. The show features Sheryl with her all new band in top form, performing new songs from her 8th studio album, including the title track Be Myself along with her newest hits Halfway There and Atom Bomb. Sheryl also performs her classic hits All I Wanna Do, Leaving Las Vegas, First Cut Is The Deepest, Soak Up The Sun, If It Makes You Happy and many more. Ramiro's grandfather is on vacation in a hostel in the mountains with his family. Decides to send theirs to Madrid and stay in a shelter, saying his health requires. But the reason is another ... An experimental concert movie about one of Norway's biggest musical acts, Karpe Diem, with footage captured from three massive concerts in Oslo Spektrum. Yuli is the nickname given to Carlos Acosta by his father, Pedro, who considers him the son of Ogun, an African god and a fighter. As a child Yuli avoids discipline and education, learning from the streets of an impoverished and abandoned Havana. His father, however, has other ideas, and knowing that his son has a natural talent for dance, sends him to the National Ballet School of Cuba. Despite his repeated escapes and initial poor behaviour, the boy is inevitably drawn to the world of dance, and begins to shape his legendary career from a young age, becoming the first black dancer to be cast in some of the most prestigious ballet roles, originally written for white dancers, in companies such as the Houston Ballet or the Royal Ballet in London. Providing a behind-the-scenes look at one of the most popular rock 'n' roll bands of all time, this documentary paints an intimate portrait of the musical rebels responsible for hits such as "Sweet Child o' Mine" and "Welcome to the Jungle." Axl Rose, Slash and the rest of Guns N' Roses' ever-changing lineup reveal themselves through interviews, signing sessions, and tons of off- and onstage footage showing the bad boys at work and play. A talented Sicilian rockabilly trio is called to challenge the best American musicians in Texas. Moomal Rano previously titled Mohabbat Ki Aakhri Kahani is a Pakistani short film directed by Siraj-ul-Haque. It has Ahsan Khan and Saba Qamar as lead roles and is written by Zafar Meraj. The short film is being produced by Zee TV Production as part of the Zeal For Unity festival. A hardcore American racist skinhead who, because of his intelligence, leads a gang dedicated to fighting the enemy: the supposed American-Jewish conspiracy for domination. However, he's hiding a secret: he's Jewish-born, a brilliant scholar whose questioning of the tenets of his faith has left him angry and confused, turning against those who he thinks have a tragic history of their own making. Slim, Shape, and Strengthen your body Documentary about a legendary Estonian rock band called Ruja.  Heaven Leigh Casteel, gifted and intelligent, is the eldest of five dirt-poor children struggling to survive in a mountain shack. As she endures neglect and abuse, Heaven discovers a dark secret that changes everything she thought she knew about her family. Then tragedy tears her world apart and she must forge her own way in the cruel, unknown world.  Internet songwriter Chow (Cherry Ngan) is gifted with an extraordinary retentive memory. She never forgets anything she has heard. One day, she was kidnapped by Yung (Ronald Cheng), a street punk, to a remote fish raft so desolate that an escape plan seems to be a mission impossible. In the hope to flee with the only ability she has, Chow offers to give a spiritual music therapy to the rather maniacal kidnapper. What happens next is beyond anyone's imagination - the two who have nothing in common begin to form an intimate bond and connection through music. More than that, Chow finds immense inspirations on this "floating stage", while discovering the incredible singing voice and vocal range in Yung - a seemingly hopeless criminal can also possess a voice as captivating as the sound of nature... Conflict arises when, Reshmi, a young woman who has been engaged since childhood to her cousin, is courted by a famous pop star.  Story of the life of silent-screen actress Olive Thomas, the wife of Jack Pickford and a former Ziegfeld showgirl. Hailed in her time as one of the most beautiful women in the world, Thomas' rising film career was cut short by her tragic, and controversial, death at age 25.  11 years after his debut LP, a divorce, crippling anxiety and battle with sex addiction, Polyoptics chronicles the creation of NYC alt-rap legend Tonedeff's multi-part second LP - offering a deep dive into the formative experiences behind the songs. In 1977, BBC music presenter Bob Harris was given exclusive and extensive access to the Queen. Conducting insightful interviews with all four band members as well as filming them at work in the studio as they were planning and rehearsing their forthcoming North American Tour, and then following them as they performed across the US, Bob captured a band attempting to replicate their huge domestic success on the global stage. To mark the 40th anniversary of the release of the News of the World album, the footage has now been carefully restored and revisited to compile this hour-long portrait of a group setting out to take the next step on their remarkable journey to becoming one of the biggest bands on the planet. Join Norwegian electronic music superstar Kygo onstage and behind the scenes as he performs at the famed L.A. venue with a bevy of special guests. Nico Toscani is an Italian immigrant, American patriot, ex-CIA agent, aikido specialist and unorthodox Chicago policeman. He is as committed to his job as he is to his personalized brand of justice--expert and thorough bone-crushing. Two young and beautiful sisters are caught in the center of a financial scandal with their late parents' media empire. The two are forced out of their privileged bubble and must learn to build their own future - through music and enterprise - to salvage their family's past. The complete collection of Depeche Modes videos. This initiatory voyage through the land of 'musique concrete' has two important protagonists as our guides: Bernard Parmegiani and Lionel Marchetti. It's also a history of encounters and transmissions between generations. The film's ambition is to transform our perception of the sounds of the world and incite us to think of them as music. Sounds surround and shape us even when we don't pay attention to them. By recording them, we can appropriate them. About the legendary Turkish "soul singer" Muslum Gures. Born into a poor family, witnessed the tragedy of his mother and his baby sister getting killed by his father in front of his eyes, a serious car accident, which he was first pronounced dead that left him partially deaf and gave him gestural and speaking difficulties, which later became part and parcel of his eccentric personality, a tumultuous relationship with a movie actress and singer who is 21 years older than him.  A live cinema portrait of the legendary classical music group the Kronos Quartet. Green narrates the film and Kronos performs the soundtrack live. A meditation on music itself - the act of listening closely to music, the experience of feeling music deeply, and the power of music to change the world.  The documentary follows Chilly Gonzales from his native Canada to late '90s underground Berlin, and via Paris to the world's great philharmonic halls. Diving deep into the dichotomy of Gonzales' stage persona, where self-doubt and megalomania are just two sides of the same coin. A self-destructive punk rocker struggles with sobriety while trying to recapture the creative inspiration that led her band to success.  Orbiting above a planet on the brink of war, scientists test a device to solve an energy crisis and end up face-to-face with a dark alternate reality. Malawian Short film, the first in the 'Letters From The Future' film series based on stories of HIV/AIDS in Africa. Filmed on location in Lilongwe (Malawi) co-directed by Khama Mbaula and Bright Makina. Shot entirely on a handycam at a 20$ budget, no professional equipment was used to make this.  New York City. David Stillwell struggles to recover his memory before the people who are trying to kill him succeed. Who is he, who are they, and why is he surrounded by murder? A documentary about the making of the album Speak &amp; Spell,  featuring interviews with the group including former band member Vince Clarke and other relevant personnel such as Daniel Miller. It features various vintage footage, such as appearances on Top of the Pops and BBC Speak &amp; Spell Tour recordings. This personal portrait of the British singer-songwriter, filmed by his cousin Murray Cummings, follows this modest performer's creative process as he writes a new song from scratch that will entrance millions. Faith, love and civil rights collide on voting day in a small Southern town that hosts a famous performance of the last days of Christ and an infamous gospel drag show. A physical and spiritual journey of the last heir from the ancestral culture of oral tradition that remains on Easter Island: Maria Elena Hotus. Before dying she has taken the decision to leave her legacy and appoint as her successor to her daughter, Aru Pate Hotus, an island that must fight against the deeply rooted and prejudiced patriarchal society.  Filmmaker Simon Ogston hits the road with NZ writer, poet, indie-rocker Bill Direen as he explores the cultural landscape and presents a series of strikingly diverse live performances.   Swedish singer, songwriter, producer and filmmaker, Jonna Lee, brings the evolution of her ten-year creative career to a new peak with the release of her maiden ionnalee offering, EVERYONE AFRAID TO BE FORGOTTEN. The film, Sons of St. Clair, chronicles the group's Krayzie Bone and Bizzy Bone as they reinvent their sound. The lives of three young musicians who are trying hard to capture the music of the market and to execute parts that are legitimate, but the lack of enthusiasm for the audience makes them unemployed and then goes on to become acquainted with a billionaire person ... Adam's Passion is the moving first collaboration between two "masters of slow motion who harmonize perfectly with each other" (Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung). In the spectacular setting of a former submarine factory, American director and universal artist Robert Wilson creates a poetic visual world in which the mystical musical language of the Estonian composer Arvo Part can cast its meditative spell. Three of Part's major works - Adam's Lament, Tabula rasa, and Miserere, as well as Sequentia, a new work composed especially for this production - are brought together here using light, space, and movement to create a tightly-woven Gesamtkunstwerk in which the artistic visions of these two great artists mirror each other. Barn Burner is a first-hand account of the rise of Lancaster, Pennsylvania's metal scene. Featuring acts like Texas and July and the Grammy-nominated August Burns Red, it tells the story of how Amish Country became a hotbed of heavy music.  Last Day Of Darkness, a 91 minute documentary and concert film based around their 2016 world tour celebrating the 15th anniversary of Light Of Day, Day Of Darkness and the grand finale in the band's native Kristiansand. The documentary features candid behind-the-scenes and rehearsal footage from that tour and an exclusive interview with band leader and Light Of Day, Day Of Darkness composer Tchort delving into the personal and background details of Green Carnation's most important album. After two critically acclaimed albums, The Minds of 99 are in the process of making their third release, 'Solkongen'. With trippy lyrics, a middle finger raised to all genres, and a tightly knit bond thanks to many years of friendship, the band is aiming to fly even higher. The film moves with the group from sold-out concerts to isolation in a bunker and a long trip to the Danish island of Bornholm. It depicts a band that tries to find a foothold in a time of unrest and upheaval - both internally in the band and the world in general. The front figure and perfectionist Niels Brandt balances between his own ambitions and a person who in essence is just 33-year-old Niels. But just as the five friends are on the verge of fulfilling the dream that they have harboured since childhood, Niels's creative driving force - his darkness - has suddenly disappeared. Does Niels have to look for his darkness again to be able to formulate his visions? Peel back the curtain on the art of drum-making! Stars collide as John Good (known as the 'Wood Whisperer') crafts one of the most epic drum-sets of all time: The R40 played by Neil Peart on their final Rush tour, made from a Romanian bog oak that is over 1500 years old! A journey from the forest to the stage. Hailed as a masterpiece of 21st century dance, Akram Khan's Giselle comes to cinemas for the first time with Artistic Director, Tamara Rojo, dancing the role of Giselle, one of a community of migrant workers cast out of their jobs in a condemned garment factory.  The classic story of love, betrayal and redemption has been reimagined in this stunning new version, with sets and costumes by Academy-Award winning designer Tim Yip (Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon), an 'ominous, gothic' (The Observer) adaptation of Adolphe Adam's original score by composer Vincenzo Lamagna and performed by English National Ballet Philharmonic, dramaturgy from Ruth Little and lighting design from Tony Award-winner Mark Henderson.  Filmed live at the Liverpool Empire in October 2017, Akram Khan's Giselle is directed for the screen by Ross MacGibbon.  The crew of the TV show "Real TV" with controlling boss Gunnar on the front line will soon begin production of a reality show for which participants are selected to survive in the wilderness. Gunnar has gathered a production team of four people: The friends Lasse and Per , the Swedish girl Elin and the new girl Sara. To test his new employees, Gunnar takes them to a log cabin where he used to spend summers as a kid. The cabin is located far away from civilisation, hidden in the dark, mysterious woods. The team has to make it through a weekend, finding food that nature has to offer, and neither cellular phones nor cigarettes are allowed. When Lasse and Per find a dead body in a lake near the cottage, the group is being tested. Gunnar is suggesting that they should continue the weekend without mentioning anything to Sara and Elin about what they found. But soon the team experiences some escalating incidents which lead to paranoia, accusations and mistrust. Freddy Grenzmann is Estonia's last rockstar and the singer of a punk-rock band called Psychoterror. And a poet. The phenomenon of a rockstar stands outside of normality - is bigger than life. Recognizingly what we can say about Freddy, is that he is not normal - not on stage, nor in life.  Freddy's creation and life are equivalent - he puts everything out there.  What makes Freddy interesting is not the social or textual play, but the ammount that he puts in. Possibility of total loss of self-control and the depth of a predictable human or metaphysical agony.  This is the story of the last real rockstar and poet, his work and of a punkbands anatomy. Based on Shakespeare's play, Verdi's opera depicts the devastating effects of jealousy, "...the green-eyed monster which doth mock the meat it feeds upon". Believing Otello has promoted the fast-rising Cassio over himself, Iago plots to destroy both Cassio and Otello. Iago convinces the jealous Otello that his beautiful wife Desdemona is unfaithful, and that Cassio is her lover. Jealousy is followed by tragedy, then retribution, "Has Heaven no more thunderbolts?" The Great Dante, a prestigious magician, accidentally dies during a risky magic trick. Thirty-five years later, his son Lorenzo, also a magician, presents a show at one of the city's most important theaters. From this point on, a series of murders will begin to occur that someone tries to pin on him. Lorenzo will have to find out who it is and why this person wants to implicate him Recorded at Copenhagen's Royal Arena in October 2017, Distant Sky captures an extraordinary and triumphant live concert from Nick Cave & The Bad Seeds. Performing new album Skeleton Tree's exquisite compositions alongside their essential catalogue, the band's first shows in 3 years provoked an ecstatic response in fans, critics and band alike, renewing a profound and intimate relationship wherever they played. The band's acclaimed tour started in Australia in January 2017 before tearing across the USA and ending in Europe, with some of the best reviews of their decorated career. An ex-tennis pro carries out a plot to have his wife murdered after discovering she is having an affair, and assumes she will soon leave him for the other man anyway. When things go wrong, he improvises a new plan--to frame her for murder instead. When a rich Indian international student falls for a working class Australian girl, who is crazily in love with him. How will he handle the cultural differences and succeed in his love, against his parents' plans for his future?  In 1984, Midnight Oil released their iconic record Red Sails in the Sunset. They embarked on a relentless tour around the nation performing raw and electrifying music that reignited the imagination of young Australians. That same year, their lead singer Peter Garrett committed to run for a Senate seat for the Nuclear Disarmament Party. With the mounting pressure of balancing the demands of music and politics this is the year that would make, but nearly break, Australia's most important rock and roll band. Thirty years in the making and featuring never seen before seen footage of the band on and off the stage, Midnight Oil: 1984 is the untold story of the year Australia's most iconic rock band inspired the nation to believe in the power of music to change the world.  A group of unacquainted women, with no musical experience, have three days to learn an instrument, form a band and perform live. This career spanning concert film was recorded live at Caspian's 10th anniversary concert on October 18, 2014 at the historic Larcom Theatre in their home town of Beverly, MA. An aspiring songwriter from a small steel town, Betty Mabry Davis arrived on the scene to break boundaries for women with her daring personality, iconic fashion style and outrageous funk. She befriended Jimi Hendrix and Sly Stone, wrote songs for the Chambers Brothers and The Commodores and married Miles Davis, turning him from jazz to funk and then went on to ignite stages in the 70s with her sassy sexed up mix of hard rock and bluesy funk, inspiring artists from Prince to Erykah Badu to Karen 0 and Peaches. Then she vanished... This autobiography of Hector Delgado runs from his childhood to become one of the greatest exponents of the urban genre, but the results of that life did not please him and led him to try to take his life  .After being victim of a firefight at a service station in Aguada, a city hall in Puerto Rico, he stopped earning at least two hundred American dollars for presentation and being "devout of Jesus" Famously known as the live music capital of the world, Melbourne has achieved iconic status. Countless local artists have launched their careers on the storied stages of the city's inner north, even while gentrification threatens the scene's viability and other issues, including sexism, continue to undercut it. The original characters from the first Cannonball Run movie compete in an illegal race across the country once more in various cars and trucks. Get an exclusive, up-close-and-personal look into Dierks Bentley's life and the making of his new album Riser. Watch the recording process, live performances and brand new interviews from Bentley. A French singer from a small Indie rock band, narrates this intimate and personal journey through her artistic life, her changes and deep emotions lived with her band. A man spoke Bach while everyone else was busy singing activist songs. Korea as he lived it from 1991 to 2017. Now is place where past and future meet. And his experiences are also ours, are also our memories. Young dancers gather in a remote and empty school building to rehearse on a cold and wintry night. The all-night celebration soon turns into a hallucinatory nightmare when they learn that their sangria is laced with LSD.  In the Philippine remake of the 2014 South Korean film of the same name, an elderly woman in her 70s suddenly finds herself to be in her 20s after having her picture taken in a mysterious photo studio. A fresh, disorienting, quirky, slapstick romp through the history of Madness, accompanied by their irrepressible, flying saxophonist, Lee Thompson. And it is probably mostly true.  An in-depth look at the auspicious production of D.O.A. A Rite of Passage, the documentary funded by High Times founder Tom Forcade in which guerrilla filming methods captured the first (and only) U.S. tour of the notorious Sex Pistols. Early pinku. Legendary jazz and reggae guitarist Ernest Ranglin is honored by an all-star cast of musicians--including friends Phil Chen, Robbie Krieger, and Elliot Easton--as they perform the songs "3 Pope," "Grandfather Clock," "My Boy Lollipop," "Hurts to Be Alone," "Ball of Fire," and many others. The incredible story of how the Beatles emerged from post war Liverpool and turned music upon its head with their changes. A love story between a young lawyer called Emma and a Noah, a rock star. A promising rhythmic gymnast is diagnosed with a spinal cord disease and becomes paralyzed from the waist down. She is devastated. With the help of music, she will work toward a new dream. Guided by the voice of Roberto Sanchez himself, Mato's camera reconstructs the memories of the childhood, family and friends of the "neighborhood kid" and Elvis fan who became the idol of an entire country. The miraculous crossing between a life story and a reality that overflows every riverbed imaginable.  Pierrot escapes his boring society and travels from Paris to the Mediterranean Sea with Marianne, a girl chased by hit-men from Algeria. They lead an unorthodox life, always on the run. For Pablo Escobar family is everything. When young surfer Nick falls for Escobar's niece, Maria, he finds his life on the line when he's pulled into the dangerous world of the family business. Unlike a lot of cities that have one prevailing sound associated with them, Chicago has always had variety. For the most part, it's a city where kids have defined what hardcore is for themselves instead of trying to fit in with what's popular elsewhere. NO DELUSIONS doesn't attempt to cover the entirety of Chicago hardcore, but touches on a few of the various styles and sounds from the late '80s through the late '00s with an emphasis on how it has evolved into the scene it is today.  Featuring: Plan of Attack, The Killer, Harms Way, Weekend Nachos, Punch in the Face, The Repos, Sin Orden, Extinction, Racetraitor, Charles Bronson, Los Crudos, MK-Ultra, Billingsgate, Even Score, and more! Although small in population, the music scene in the city of Fredericton, New Brunswick, is rich in talent across a wide range of genres including rock, punk, hip-hop, metal, country, pop, jazz, classical, and everything in-between. The Capital Project focuses on the tightly knit community and their relationship to The Capital, a music venue and bar that has served as a lynchpin of the live music scene for over a decade. Fired from his band and hard up for cash, guitarist and vocalist Dewey Finn finagles his way into a job as a fifth-grade substitute teacher at a private school, where he secretly begins teaching his students the finer points of rock 'n' roll. The school's hard-nosed principal is rightly suspicious of Finn's activities. But Finn's roommate remains in the dark about what he's doing. Pierrot escapes his boring society and travels from Paris to the Mediterranean Sea with Marianne, a girl chased by hit-men from Algeria. They lead an unorthodox life, always on the run. Join Team StarKid as they return to the University of Michigan (where it all started) for "A Very StarKid Reunion!" Featuring the talents of over thirty StarKid members, and a collection of songs and scenes from every musical they've ever produced, this special reunion concert is one for the history books. Seriously, they're going to write about this show in future history books. It's that good!  So grab some popcorn, your family, your dog, your neighbors, some strangers off the street, and enjoy the full two and a half hour concert in its entirety! A father brings up his baby girl as a single dad after the unexpected death of his wife who died a day after their daughter's birth. Abandoning a life of petty crime, David strives to fulfill his life-long ambition to become a professional singer of Fado, Portugal's popular folk-song. Together with his best friend Adriano, he starts performing on Lisbon's Fado Vadio circuit to perfect his craft, but whilst Adriano's strong voice swiftly brings him paid gigs, David struggles. Vadio is a human portrait of redemption, perhaps unattainable through music but possible with poetry. Unfortunately, David doesn't want to be a poet. It is a love story for a bygone Lisbon and Fado, where people still find catharsis singing songs about their sorrows. In Genesis 32 we read the story of Jacob wrestling with God through the night. On the other side of Jacob's divine encounter was a new name, a new blessing, a new identity and a new way of walking (literally). Will we be a worshipping people who are not content to sleep through the night (spiritually speaking) and wake in the morning unchanged? Like Jacob, will we enter into the wrestle with God, dare to know Him more intimately and be changed in the process?  This is the premise for Hillsong Worship's 26th live praise and worship album. Two girls have a chance encounter and instantly befriend. While trying to find themselves, they decide to pursue music together.  With more than 300 hours of film shot during the 2010 Tour, 'No Room for Rockstars' documents the true stories of modern era rock and roll . From the kids traveling cross country in a van playing parking lots to gain notice, to the veteran stage manager whose life was saved by the Tour, to the musician who crosses over to mainstream success while on the road. Celebrating Duran Duran with exclusive backstage access, interviews with the band and rare footage charting their rise to fame, and the highs and lows of their career. The scene of the crime is Whitechapel, the same London district notorious for the recent attacks of Jack the Ripper. Three monks are found dead, the apparent victims of a vampire - now, someone else is out for blood. Or is it something else? As bizarre events unfold, the answer is left to Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson to find. This concert documentary blends the full live performance of the final hometown show of mewithoutYou's "[A-B] Life 15th Anniversary Tour" with interviews and archival footage to tell the story of the band's evolution and emotions as they revisit their debut record. Set in Vietnam and Germany, This Is Love centers on Chris and the nine-year-old Jenjira on the run from the mafia. Together with his friend Holger, Chris bought the young Vietnamese girl's freedom from human traffickers - without actually being able to pay. Meanwhile, the female detective Maggie learns after 16 years why her husband up and left her without a word. These two worlds come together when Chris is accused of murder and Maggie is charged with interrogating him..... A female magician presents several impressive metamorphoses, combining stop-motion animation and camera tricks. Here comes DEATH's probing and pulsing rock doc, DEATH BY METAL, pulling back the palm fronds of DEATH's origins in Altamonte Springs, Florida, and latching a narrative hook into the headstrong Chuck Schuldiner juggernaut for fifteen gratifying if sometimes frustrating years. As the baby steps become giant leaps, the stable of supporting players grows and continually shines in its own devious light. This stylish documentary about the iconic ska, reggae and rock-steady label is a timely and wide-ranging celebration of british Jamaican working-class youth culture. A romantic journey through Stockholm's swing dance world. A dramatic comedy about love, music and dance. They are very young and come from all over  the industrial districts of Tuscany, so different from the famous hills of Chianti: the steelworks of Piombino, the port of Livorno and the Piaggio factories in Pontedera. It is the red province of "houses of the people" and the Italian Communist Party. Getting away from this region is a dream for them, but this is 1968 and everything is possible!  They receive an offer they can't turn down, a tour in the Far East: Manila, Hong Kong, Singapore. Armed with musical instruments and a desire to sing, they set off hoping for success but find themselves in the middle of the Vietnam War. Fifty years later, Le Stars tell the story of their adventure amongst American soldiers, remote jungle bases and soul music. Mylene is spending her birthday evening at work, just like any other day. But this night has more than one surprise in store for her. Ding Dong Williams, a clarinet player who can neither read nor write music is employed at a motion picture studio. The studio plans to use him and his six-piece band but his musical deficiencies are discovered and the plan scrapped. But the secretary of the head of the music department intercedes on his behalf and he is given a chance in the film. An old music store that sold vinyl records is closing down in Mumbai. Shweta, an intern at an online music magazine works on her first feature story about the closing of the store. In an almost empty shop, she finds years of memories. The old man and his nephew who run the store become the subject for her story. Shweta discovers a diary of song lyrics Vivek had hidden away from the world. The shy musician in him finds them incomplete. She inspires him to continue making songs. While the story of the shop ends, another story begins for Vivek and Shweta, that of love and music. "Guaco Historico" represents the first DVD for Guaco after 50 year career.  It was released on 09, 10 and 11 May 2014 with the purchase of the Venezuelan newspaper Ultimas Noticias. The material was distributed at major retailers later.  This material was recorded in 2012 during a concert held in Caracas as part of the tour "Guaco Historico" with which they toured the country accompanied by musicians internationally known as the Nicaraguan Luis Enrique and Puerto Rican Gilberto Santa Rosa. Is this a film about Scrooge? About a composer's life? An opera within an opera? The Passion of Scrooge blurs these lines between performance, documentary, and fiction, into a cinematic concert experience that's seasoned with magical reality. Composer Jon Deak has adapted Charles Dickens' timeless tale into a contemporary opera that melts the heart, but doesn't avoid the darkness in Scrooge that's still resonant with the material concerns of our time. Using neither period costumes, nor set pieces to reconstruct old England, the film invites you to experience A Christmas Carol with the imaginative possibilities of a radio play. And then, to meet those visions in your head, filmmaker H. Paul Moon's floating camera intimately captures musicians performing the score as characters themselves, in this ageless haunted redemption story about "us, every one." A man who travels in the past has met a woman who travels the present at Khaosan Road, in Bangkok, Thailand and becomes a porter of her and leaves the road together. During the second half of the '80s, electronic dance music movement was in full swing in the West. The first historical story of the invasion and development of western music and lifestyle in Eastern Europe. This most definitely influenced further democratization of the society up until the complete collapse of the old political system.  A look at the roots of the historic music scene in L.A.'s Laurel Canyon featuring the music of iconic music groups such as The Byrds, The Beach Boys, Buffalo Springfield, and The Mamas and the Papas. Modern dance is an evocative narrative tool in Georgia Parris' debut, which investigates a young woman's identity and the complex relationship she has with her mother and sister. Nico Toscani is an Italian immigrant, American patriot, ex-CIA agent, aikido specialist and unorthodox Chicago policeman. He is as committed to his job as he is to his personalized brand of justice--expert and thorough bone-crushing. A pioneer in the world of rock-'n'-roll guitar, Chuck Berry has created a legacy that spans decades. Berry performs some of his greatest hits and all-time favorites in this concert video that was filmed on September 13, 1969 at 'Toronto Rock'n'Roll Revival.' The Concert includes the songs "Rock and Roll Music," "Long Live Rock and Roll," "Johnny B. Goode," "Promised Land," "Carol," "Hoochie Koochie Man," "Maybellene," "Too Much Monkey Business," "Reelin' and Rockin'," "Sweet Little Sixteen" and "In the Wee, Wee Hours." James Bond returns as the secret agent 007 one more time to battle the evil organization SPECTRE. Bond must defeat Largo, who has stolen two atomic warheads for nuclear blackmail. But Bond has an ally in Largo's girlfriend, the willowy Domino, who falls for Bond and seeks revenge. This is the last time for Sean Connery as Her Majesty's Secret Agent 007. Made outside of the traditional Broccoli production environment due to separate rights having been obtained for this specific Ian Fleming story. The story of a band that overcame massive adversity and personal tragedy to become one of the most critically acclaimed indie bands in the world. Karen, a single mother, gifts her son Andy a Buddi doll for his birthday, unaware of its more sinister nature. A contemporary re-imagining of the 1988 horror classic. NEW YORK SCHERZO is a feature documentary that follows the lives of three diverse classically trained musicians as they try to make it in New York City. Originally from Seoul, Paris and Nashville they are passionate about their art but struggle to make a living, and face a crossroads where they must decide if they can sustain a career doing what they love. A travelogue that follows the events of  I AM A KNIFE WITH LEGS. Cynical International rockstar Bene and his loyal sidekick Beefy traverse Europe, from Helsinki to Paris. As Bene recounts the adventure to some shady government agents in search of the child assassin that once saved the rockstar's life, a repressed secret from Bene and Beefy's past is gradually brought to light.  A young man with charisma and magnetism enters the atmosphere of tropical music as a romantic singer and undertakes a vertiginous ascent to fame.  Anoosh and Arash are at the center of Tehran's underground techno scene. Tired of hiding from the police and their stagnating career, they organize one last manic techno rave under dangerous circumstances in the desert. Back in Tehran they try their luck selling their illegally printed music album without permission. When Anoosh is arrested, there seems to be no hope left. But then they receive a phone call from the biggest techno festival in the world. Once landed in Switzerland, the haze of the instant euphoria evaporates quickly when the seriousness of the situation starts to dawn on them. An in-depth and intimate portrait of Coldplay's spectacular rise from the backrooms of Camden pubs to selling out stadiums across the planet. At the heart of the story is the band's unshakeable brotherhood which has endured through many highs and lows. The concept of ritual-theater has been important since the early sixties in its production. It consists of the staging of violence through real acts that appeal to equally real and live emotions with an audience, that is, the action and the reaction that it provokes in the public happen simultaneously. This art of destruction represented by Raphael Montanez Ortiz is the theatricalization of a daily destruction, which we live in day to day. In 1871, professional gambler John Devlin elopes with Sandra "Sandy" Poli, daughter of Marko Poli, an immigrant who has risen to railroad tycoon. Sandy, knowing that the railroad is to be extended into Dakota, plans to use their $20,000 nest egg to buy land options to sell to the railroad at a profit. On the stage trip to Ft. Abercrombie, their fellow passengers are Jim Bender and Bigtree Collins, who practically own the town of Fargo and Devlin is aware that they are prepared to protect the little empire... trying to drive out the farmers by burning their property, destroying their wheat, and blaming the devastation on the Indians. Continuing their journey north on the river aboard the "River Bird', Sandy and John meet Captain Bounce, an irascible old seafarer. Two of Bendender's henchmen, Slagin and Carp, board the boat and relieve John of his $20,000 at gunpoint. Captain Bounce, chasing the robber's dinghy..  Forced to move to a boring backwater town, a teenager embarks on affairs with a teacher and a stoner classmate. The geese are flying south all except for the runty one that's the focus of this cartoon. He tries hitchhiking, but since nobody picks him up (though one car stops and gives him a double-talk explanation), he walks. This gives us the chance to see a number of regional gags: a hillbilly father tells his son to work, and the son asks why?; the long arm of the law (literally) goes after a moonshiner; the goose eats a watermelon, and is chased off by the farmer; two Southern gentlemen cordially tilt the pinball table. Meanwhile, the doubletalking car stops a few more times, the last of them on a dock; it drives off the dock, and the goose says he can't rescue the driver, complete with the same kind of double-talk explanation. Burn the Stage: The Movie is the first movie from BTS, going behind-the-scenes of the BTS WINGS TOUR to reveal the full story of the band's meteoric rise to fame.  This unmissable cinema event provides an intimate look at what happens when the most successful global boyband of all time breaks down barriers and invades the mainstream music scene.  Exclusive tour footage and brand-new one-on-one interviews with BTS members give fans an unprecedented glimpse into their lives and an opportunity for everyone to celebrate together in movie theaters worldwide. Grammy-winning singer Loudon Wainwright III reflects upon his unique relationship with his father in an evening of original songs and heartfelt stories. "Sound of Berlin" is a documentary about the electronic club and music scene in the German capital. Amy Winehouse's tremendous soulful vocal talent and songwriting ability established her as one of the most innovative artists of our time. She used the sound of her idols, Etta James & Billie Holiday, to reinvent jazz and blues for a new generation in her album Back To Black, which sold millions of copies worldwide and garnered her countless accolades, including 5 Grammy Awards. This is the story of how in just 27 short years, Amy Winehouse managed to influence the music community, fashion world and a legion of fans that understood her best through her musical genius. A man stands in the middle of the market, playing a stringless ukulele. In a desperate attempt to win a basketball match and earn their freedom, the Looney Tunes seek the aid of retired basketball champion, Michael Jordan. A unknow rock&blues band from Mexico makes music in abbey road studios. A rollercoaster of music, tour & joy. An ex-cop whose marriage is on the rocks hides surveillance cameras in her home and watches her husbands transgressions, becoming a voyeur of her own life.  For twelve years, military photographer Oleg Klimov recorded the collapse of the Soviet Union on film. He was present in almost all military and ethnic conflicts in the 90s. His photographs were on the front pages of many Western newspapers, as dumb witnesses of the wars in the former Soviet Union. But Oleg's career also influenced his personality. After a few quiet years, he suddenly finds a military trauma in himself. Driven by inner longing, he returns to some places where he photographed people during the war: in Nagorno-Karabakh, Abkhazia and Chechnya in order to find those who are depicted in the pictures. Records Collecting Dust II focuses on the East Coast cities of Boston, New York and Washington DC, and includes in depth interviews with twenty eight highly influential people from the 1980's hardcore punk rock music scene. Talking about the music, the bands and the records that forever changed their lives. Including Ian MacKaye of Minor Threat/Fugazi, John Joseph of Cro-Mags, Dave Smalley of DYS/Dag Nasty, Bob Cenci of Jerry's Kids, Amy Pickering of Dischord Records, Walter Schreifels of Gorilla Biscuits/Quicksand, Roger Miret of Agnostic Front and Clif Croce of The Freeze. More Than Life is the fifth live praise and worship album by Hillsong United. The CD comes with a free DVD which includes documentary footage, interviews and 'behind the scenes'. Seven years after a series of memorable and sold-out live performances ("Michel Polnareff: Ze (re)tour 2007 (2007)") in his native country, French singer/songwriter/composer and US resident Michel Polnareff accepts for the first time to participate in a tell-all documentary about key moments in his life and career, as well as to provide some insights into what is going on with his long-awaited upcoming tenth studio album. A student moves into a run-down building in New York City. His bizarre neighbors make a concoction in their apartment they call wine, but when he takes some of it, he turns into a deformed, murderous monster. Looking at identity, power, happiness, self-destruction and acceptance, this is a thematic exploration of a group that opened the door for Britpop and led the way for a new era of guitar music. This is the third documentary of Norwegian singer AURORA. It will follow the production of her second album. Filmed in La Fabrique, France.  A documentary about London's legendary music street, Denmark Street. This documentary recounts the life of the late composer Michel Legrand, known for his works on Les Parapluies de Cherbourg or Les Demoiselles De Rochefort with the famous director Jacques Demy. Screen adapatation of Mozart's greatest opera. Don Giovanni, the infamous womanizer, makes one conquest after another until the ghost of Donna Anna's father, the Commendatore, (whom Giovanni killed) makes his appearance. He offers Giovanni one last chance to repent for his multitudinious improprieties. He will not change his ways So, he is sucked down into hell by evil spirits. High drama, hysterical comedy, magnificent music! Two teenagers, she is an orphan hen and  a reggaeton music lover and he is the son of a champion fighting-cock ,they will live an adventure in which they will not only learn to accept themselves but will also give a great lesson in tolerance and nonviolence. A spellbinding and romantic supernatural thriller. Ten years after an apocalyptic event left the world haunted by ghosts, Roni receives a threatening message from beyond the grave. Joining forces with a mysterious classmate, Kirk, Roni descends into a shadow world that blurs the bounds of the living and the dead-and begins a desperate race against time to stop a cunning killer. On December 29th and 31st, 2011, the last known incarnation of American Nightmare (Give Up The Ghost) reunited to play their first shows in almost eight long years. One in Boston and the other Los Angeles, these legendary shows were comprised of fanatic audiences who travelled from all over the globe. All to celebrate their intimate connection to the words and music of this highly influential band. Renowned as one of the greatest performers of the 20th century Freddie Mercury pushed the boundaries of art and music as he lead his band Queen to international stardom.  A documentary about the Spanish industrial band Esplendor Geometrico The result of the small handkerchiefs "Petits mouchoirs", 7 years later. The band, which erupted, is found on the occasion of the anniversary surprise organized for Max. 