A young girl buys an antique box at a yard sale, unaware that inside the collectible lives a malicious ancient spirit. The girl's father teams with his ex-wife to find a way to end the curse upon their child. Kathryn Vale (Lena Olin) is a reclusive ex-movie star with a dark secret and a daughter hoping to follow in her mother's movie-star footsteps. When Kathryn attempts to make a career comeback, she is threatened by an anonymous blackmailer. The resulting events force Kathryn to confront the truth about herself and those around her. Caleb, a 26 year old coder at the world's largest internet company, wins a competition to spend a week at a private mountain retreat belonging to Nathan, the reclusive CEO of the company. But when Caleb arrives at the remote location he finds that he will have to participate in a strange and fascinating experiment in which he must interact with the world's first true artificial intelligence, housed in the body of a beautiful robot girl. Bruce Wayne is missing. Alfred covers for him while Nightwing and Robin patrol Gotham City in his stead. And a new player, Batwoman, investigates Batman's disappearance. Julia becomes worried about her boyfriend, Holt when he explores the dark urban legend of a mysterious videotape said to kill the watcher seven days after viewing. She sacrifices herself to save her boyfriend and in doing so makes a horrifying discovery: there is a "movie within the movie" that no one has ever seen before. The stage is set for retribution as an eclectic group is lured to a secluded European Castle under the guise of a promised "fantasy weekend." And as they read from an obscure storybook, a nefarious tale of avarice is reenacted for their entertainment. However, they are unaware that they have been gathered for their own personal and befitting executions. An Arab surgeon living in Tel Aviv discovers a dark secret about his wife in the aftermath of a suicide bombing. When an international border dispute arises between the U.S. and Canada, the Super Troopers- Mac, Thorny, Foster, Rabbit and Farva, are called in to set up a new Highway Patrol station in the disputed area. After witnessing a miracle, a young Latina woman experiences strange things as a police detective searches for the truth behind his partner's death. A warden and his assistant clash over prison reform, triggering a violent riot. A city teen travels to Montana to go hunting with his estranged father, only for the strained trip to become a battle for survival when they encounter a grizzly bear Charles and Carrie go through numerous weddings in order to determine if they are right for one another. When a teenage girl says she's the victim of a secret network called The Sisterhood of Night, a quiet suburban town becomes the backdrop for a modern-day Salem witch trial. Abandoned by his wife, Bernard struggles to overcome his grief and settles in a residence for singles. Employed by "SOS Doctors", he provides night guards to occupy his insomnia. That's how he is brought one night to help a neighbor, Nadine Foulon, victim of discomfort in the elevator. It turns out that Nadine is also going through a difficult time, since her companion, Terry, a singer-guitarist, has left her. A professional photographer, she can not forget it and has since oscillated between depression and bulimia. Gathered by their pains of heart, these two beings will, with the wire of the confidences, become more intimate ... The survivors of the first Waxwork must use a portal through time to defeat the evil that has followed them and turned their lives upside down. Police officer Asger Holm, demoted to desk work as an alarm dispatcher, answers a call from a panicked woman who claims to have been kidnapped. Confined to the police station and with the phone as his only tool, Asger races against time to get help and find her. Train policeman He continues his investigation of  the murder which happened on the train, he looks closer into the past of the passengers and reveals new secrets . Train policeman He hopes that a autopsy of the body can help to find the real culprit and the true cause of his Death.  Can the rising morning sun bring also light in the darkness of the case? An expatriate Russian dancer is on a plane forced to land on Soviet territory. He is taken to an apartment in which a black American who has married a Russian woman lives with her. He is to become a dancer for the Bolshoi again, but he wishes to escape, but can he trust the American? A darkness swirls at the center of a world-renowned dance company, one that will engulf the troupe's artistic director, an ambitious young dancer and a grieving psychotherapist. Some will succumb to the nightmare, others will finally wake up. In the first feature film of Sander Blom he shows some strange books about how to live your life, printed by a small publisher. The life of a spanish couple gets complicated when the Civil War begins and a strange green light appears in the woods, opening the door to the world of the Bream Lords. A film crew discovers the "eighth wonder of the world," a giant prehistoric ape, and brings him back to New York, where he wreaks havoc. Growing up can be a bumpy road, and it's no exception for Riley, who is uprooted from her Midwest life when her father starts a new job in San Francisco. Riley's guiding emotions-- Joy, Fear, Anger, Disgust and Sadness--live in Headquarters, the control centre inside Riley's mind, where they help advise her through everyday life and tries to keep things positive, but the emotions conflict on how best to navigate a new city, house and school. KAYA: The Mystery Unfolds is a Bengali movie starring Kaushik Sen, Priyanka Sarkar and Raima Sen in prominent roles. It is a thriller drama directed by Rajib Chowdhury, with Shamik Kumar Rakshit and Rajib Chowdhury as the writer, forming part of the crew. Story of a mentally ill young man attempting to come to grips with his haunting past by seeking solace and understanding in the unfamiliar Eastern culture of Thailand. Emma is an attractive girl in her 20s who has been blind for 20 years. A new type of eye operation partially restores her sight, but she is having problems: sometimes she doesn't "remember" what she's seen until later. One night she is awakened by a commotion upstairs. Peering out of her door, she sees a shadowy figure descending the stairs. Convinced that her neighbour has been murdered she approaches the police, only to find that she is unsure if it was just her new eyes playing tricks on her. A bored couple rejuvenate their marriage by turning to murder. While Arjun doesn't want to get married, his parents set up a blind date for him at his place. The story revolves around Arjun, how he falls for the girl he's about to meet, why and how he changed his decision to get married. Jake is a driver for a seedy escort service operating out of 'The Naked Eye strip club', he's a street thug type who falls for a witty high-class escort named Sandy. Except one night Sandy is found murdered, the only clues left behind are cell phone calls made the night she died. To avenge Sandy's death Jake must risk everything and walk a bloody path to find her killer. It's all about loyalty. All of us are now all loyal to us, but we are loyal to him, so long as he's dead ... Soon-Ae (Seo-Young) opens a butcher's shop. The butcher's shop is popular due to its flavorful meat. Most of the store's customers are male. Meanwhile, man's body is found at a hotel near the butcher's shop. The man was brutally murdered. Soon, more murders are found with similarities to the first murder. One day, Detective Kim (Kim Min-Jun) stops by the butcher's shop and meets Soon-Ae. Since then, Detective Kim keeps a watch on Soon-Ae. An obsessed cop is on the trail of a serial killer prowling the streets of Buffalo, N.Y. but when his teenage daughter disappears, he drops any professional restraint to get the killer. Taking place on the last day of the Creeper's twenty-three-day feeding frenzy, as the skeptical Sergeant Tubbs teams up with a task force hellbent on destroying the Creeper for good. The Creeper fights back in gory glory as its enemies grow closer than ever before to learning the secret of its dark origins. Tessa Young is a dedicated student, dutiful daughter and loyal girlfriend to her high school sweetheart. Entering her first semester of college, Tessa's guarded world opens up when she meets Hardin Scott, a mysterious and brooding rebel who makes her question all she thought she knew about herself -- and what she wants out of life. After getting in a car accident, a woman is held in a shelter with two men, who claim the outside world is affected by a widespread chemical attack. A group of friends must confront their most terrifying fears when they awaken the dark powers of an ancient spirit board. A young priest is ordered to preside over the wake of a witch in the church of a remote village. This means spending three nights alone with the corpse with only his faith to protect him. The story is set in 1947, following a long-retired Holmes living in a Sussex village with his housekeeper and rising detective son. But then he finds himself haunted by an unsolved 50-year old case. Holmes' memory isn't what it used to be, so he only remembers fragments of the case: a confrontation with an angry husband, a secret bond with his beautiful but unstable wife. Oscar Krug (Bosworth) is looked upon with suspicion by his neighbors because of his name. When the United States is drawn into the war with Germany, a group of citizens attack Krug. They are met with strong opposition from Krug and decide to leave him alone. Bill Tavish, his greatest opponent, becomes his closest friend and they travel the seas together as captain and first mate. Krug marries Alice Morse against her family wishes, and, when the family finds out, she is driven from the home, so she stays on her husband's ship. During a submarine attack Alice is snatched from Krug's side by a German officer. Krug now lives to revenge himself on the captain of the German submarine, and when the opportunity presents itself, he wreaks a terrible vengeance upon him. Clairvoyant femme fatale, Nicola Six has been living with a dark premonition of her impending death by murder. She begins a tangled love affair with three uniquely different men--one of whom she knows will be her murderer. Over the course of 12 years, and three stages of life, Sidney Hall falls in love, writes the book of a generation and then disappears without a trace. A psychic doctor, John Clancy, works with an FBI special agent in search of a serial killer. A revenge-seeking gold digger marries a womanizing Beverly Hills lawyer with the intention of making a killing in the divorce. An everyday man has only three and a half days and limited resources to discover why he was imprisoned in a nondescript room for 20 years without any explanation. Murphy Dunn, a down and out private detective, is hired by a sultry woman from his past to find her missing son. Murphy soon finds himself embroiled in a mystery of betrayal, music and murder surrounding an obscure 1970's rock record. U.S. Marine Sergeant Logan Thibault returns from his third tour of duty in Iraq, with the one thing he credits with keeping him alive-a photograph he found of a woman he doesn't even know. Learning her name is Beth and where she lives, he shows up at her door, and ends up taking a job at her family-run local kennel. Despite her initial mistrust and the complications in her life, a romance develops between them, giving Logan hope that Beth could be much more than his good luck charm. A young couple embark upon their honeymoon against the chilling landscapes of the Pacific Northwest. But when tragedy strikes, gruesome secrets from their past collide with sinister forces of the present... Five school friends seek adventure on Halloween night in an abandoned, haunted mine, only to find to their horror that the ghostly rumors may be true as they fight for survival. Robert Breer animation from 1970.  16mm, color, silent, using spray paint & stencils. Melissa and Ben Brenner have been simply going through the motions as a married couple, until the day Ben's world is turned upside down when he serendipitously meets the woman of his dreams, and they both are forced to face their future. A set of six nested stories spanning time between the 19th century and a distant post-apocalyptic future. Cloud Atlas explores how the actions and consequences of individual lives impact one another throughout the past, the present and the future. Action, mystery and romance weave through the story as one soul is shaped from a killer into a hero and a single act of kindness ripples across centuries to inspire a revolution in the distant future.  Based on the award winning novel by David Mitchell. Directed by Tom Tykwer and the Wachowskis. Based on the Japanese novel 'Loving the Dead' from acclaimed author Kei Oishi, the film centres on a damaged young man who, after shutting himself away for ten years, is forced to venture out into a world that he no longer understands. Tortured by the memory of a childhood trauma, a woman returns after a decade to her family's fly-in hunting lodge to assist her siblings with their dying father, only to find herself stuck in a life threatening nightmare. Shot in reverse day-by-day through a week--a local sheriff embarks on a quest to unlock the mystery of three small-town criminals and a bank heist gone wrong. When Keller Dover's daughter and her friend go missing, he takes matters into his own hands as the police pursue multiple leads and the pressure mounts. But just how far will this desperate father go to protect his family? A screenwriter who travels to an abandoned house to finish a script on time, but a series of strange events lead her to a psychological breakdown. A team of explorers discover a clue to the origins of mankind on Earth, leading them on a journey to the darkest corners of the universe. There, they must fight a terrifying battle to save the future of the human race. On the eve of his wedding, on holiday on the Lake Annecy shore, a career diplomat visits an old acquaintance, perhaps a former girlfriend. Through her he meets an intense teenager, Laura, and then lusts after her sister, Claire. Whilst Laura attempts to flirt with him, his fantasy becomes focused on wanting to caress Claire's knee. A young family moves into a historic home in Georgia, only to learn they are not the house's only inhabitants. Soon they find themselves in the presence of a secret rising from underground and threatening to bring down anyone in its path. Paranormal investigators Ed and Lorraine Warren work to help a family terrorized by a dark presence in their farmhouse. Forced to confront a powerful entity, the Warrens find themselves caught in the most terrifying case of their lives. A Las Vegas homicide detective investigating his best friend uncovers a professional assassin. A mute man with a violent past is forced to take on the teeming underworld of a near-future Berlin as he searches for his missing girlfriend. An heiress who's been shut inside her apartment building for nearly two decades is forced to confront her fears after one of her neighbors is killed and a detective arrives to begin the investigation. Bickering husband and wife Tim and Sally Willows mutter a few angry words to a statue of Buddha and wind up living each other's life. A reporter unearths an urban legend about a home being constructed from rooms where horrific tragedies have occurred. A fictionalized account of the last days of Edgar Allan Poe's life, in which the poet is in pursuit of a serial killer whose murders mirror those in the writer's stories. As investigative reporter Ward Jansen and his partner Yardley Acheman chase a sensational, career-making story with the help of Ward's younger brother Jack and sultry death-row groupie Charlotte Bless, the pair tries to prove violent swamp-dweller Hillary Van Wetter was framed for the murder of a corrupt local sheriff. TELEPHONE WORLD tells the story of Rachel Plasky (Elissa Dowling), who finds out she got the lead part in a new TV show called "Fairfax Girls". The main body of the film is shot in one continuous 80-minute shot. All of the action happens in one single take with real phone calls and answering messages occurring in real-time. Northern Ireland's first feature-length crime anthology, Noirland, has a Pulp Fiction-style structure. Three stories are woven together as the murder of a female student is investigated. Lawmen, drifters, and hired guns converge at a Northern California ranch believing its Chinese owners possess stolen gold.  When two drifters hear rumors that a Chinese railroad worker has escaped with gold and now owns a remote ranch in the wilds of Northern California, the desperate men set a plan in motion to steal the gold for themselves. Saul, the youngest of the drifters, hopes to win the affections of Zhen and his beautiful wife, Kun Hua. Saul hires on as a farmhand, while his partner Bill lurks in the shadows and waits for the opportunity to strike. However, waves of worse men arrive seeking the stolen fortune, setting in motion a deadly multi-sided face-off of bluffs, gambles, and betrayals.  Heathens &amp; Thieves is a western crime drama set in an American era when the riches associated with the 1849 Gold Rush, the fallout of the Civil War, and the impact of Chinese immigration were fresh in people's minds. Three young conspiracy theorists attempt to uncover the mysteries of Area 51, the government's secret location rumored to have hosted encounters with alien beings. What they find at this hidden facility exposes unimaginable secrets.  No overview found. Students on a camping trip discover something sinister is lurking beyond the trees. In childhood and youth, the three were "the inseparables." Luisa married Angel, then two years later, she left him to marry Ramiro. After ten years, Angel reappears, back from South America, broke and ill. Luisa is overcome with sentimentality and, over Ramiro's objections, takes Angel into their house. Angel is bitter, he and Ramiro have shifted from best friends to enemies. Luisa wants to be in love with both. Ramiro hopes he can wait out Angel's declining health, and Luisa wants to heal Angel through force of will. What is Angel's plan? Observing the roiling emotions are Luisa and Ramiro's precocious young children. Who's in danger here? Verena is a nurse who arrives at an old mansion in Italy to help a young boy who has fallen silent since the sudden passing of his mother. An elliptical, minimalist narrative of a lost, wandering child in the wake of an affair that may or may not have even happened. A petty robbery spirals into a tense hostage situation after three gunmen hold up a diner that's a front for the mob. Teens Linda and Eta are inseparable friends, though they have plenty of disagreements, but one horrific argument has unexpected consequences. A pair of working-class brothers flee their Reno Motel after getting involved in a fatal hit-and-run accident. A chronicle of the 1969 bombing at a major national bank in Milan and its aftermath. Ten people arrive at a secluded mountain resort to find it completely deserted. With no gas for the return trip, the visitors are forced to stay and investigate the mystery surrounding the abandoned lodge. After selling his soul to a sorceress Robin is killed in battle. Distraught over these horrific turn of events Marian and Little John attempt to resuscitate Robin and his Merry Men. In doing so they inadvertently have turned the one-time heroes into the living dead and worse, the ghostly reincarnations are now hunting down Marian and Little John. So the pair attempt to seek out a new potion that will free these tormented souls from their demonic possession. A featurette on L. Frank Baum, author of The Wonderful Wizard of Oz and other children's books. Before forensics, DNA, and CSI we had dollhouses - an unimaginable collection of miniature crime scenes, known as the Nutshell Studies of Unexplained Death. Created in the 1930s and 1940s by a crime-fighting grandmother, Frances Glessner Lee created the Nutshells to help homicide detectives hone their investigative skills. These surreal dollhouses reveal a dystopic and disturbing slice of domestic life with doll corpses representing actual murder victims, or perhaps something that just looks like murder. Despite all the advances in forensics, the Nutshells are still used today to train detectives. Documentary film, Of Dolls and Murder, explores the dioramas, the woman who created them, and their relationship to modern day forensics. From the iconic CSI television show to the Body Farm and criminally minded college students, legendary filmmaker and true crime aficionado, John Waters narrates the tiny world of big time murder.  A businessman, on his daily commute home, gets unwittingly caught up in a criminal conspiracy that threatens not only his life but the lives of those around him. Criminal psychologist Kate Fuller is assigned to the murder of a man who has seemingly been strangled in his sleep by his wife and the only witness is their eight-year-old daughter, Sophie. As Kate digs into the mystery of an ancient demon which kills people in their sleep, she experiences the same petrifying symptoms as all previous victims and spirals through a chilling nightmare to save herself and Sophie before she dares fall asleep again. A young man on the run from a mysterious government agency is desperate to find the cure for a condition that causes him to wake up at random places around the world when he falls asleep. Fish has spent six years in jail. Six years alone. Six years keeping his mouth shut about the robbery, about the other men involved. The night he is released, the four men he protected with silence celebrate his freedom with a congratulatory dinner. The meal is a lavish array of sushi, served off the naked body of a beautiful young woman. The sushi girl seems catatonic, trained to ignore everything in the room, even if things become dangerous. Sure enough, the four unwieldy thieves can't help but open old wounds in an attempt to find their missing loot. Two families go to an open house and can't leave Detectives use clues from various recording devices to piece together events surrounding a massacre involving bus passengers at an abandoned gas station. Detectives in a remote town pore through every frame of a troubling tape to find the whereabouts of three missing college students. The chilling footage becomes more and more disturbing when the students come upon the bloody dress of an 8-year-old girl in the secluded wilderness and take it upon themselves to find her. Linking the case of the missing girl and the missing students together, the detectives race to piece enough information together to find them alive. A handsome drifter, without a past, gets off an interstate bus in a small Texas town and finds work at Leroy's Country Blues Bar....and the mystery begins. Holly &amp; Nathan Teller live in a small town in Pennsylvania. Holly is on the cheerleading team and has a close relationship with her younger brother Nathan, who is subjected to bullying at school.  Nathan is taken for a car ride one day by the bullies, whose intent about what they are going to do with Nathan is not clear. He gives them the slip, but disappears and is still missing after three years. Raimund Gregorius, having saved a beautiful Portuguese woman from leaping to her death, stumbles upon a mesmerizing book by a Portuguese author, which compels him to suddenly abandon the boring life he has led for years and to embark on an enthralling adventure.  In search of the author, Gregorius acts as detective, pulling together pieces of a puzzle that involves political and emotional intrigue and the highest possible stakes. His voyage is one that transcends time and space, delving into the realms of history, medicine and love, all in search of true meaning to his life. At a wilderness boot camp for difficult teens, the desperate spirit of an alleged suicide victim seeks out the help of a young girl to expose the truth about her death. In a world without government, the surviving Unisols maintain order and choose the strongest of their ranks to rule, testing them in life-or-death combat. Natalie Babbitt's award winning book for children comes to the screen in a lavish adaptation from Walt Disney Pictures. Winnie Foster (Alexis Bledel) is a girl in her early teens growing up in the small rural town of Winesap in 1914. Winnie's parents (Victor Garber and Amy Irving) are loving but overprotective, and Winnie longs for a life of greater freedom and adventure. A sexually repressed woman's husband is having an affair with her sister. The arrival of a visitor with a rather unusual fetish changes everything. A film experimenting with the use of multiple exposed colored lights evoking the mystery of creation, stars and planets, atoms and electrons, souls and spirits Samantha believes that her father murdered her mother. In her exhausting search for the truth about her young mother's untimely death 14 years earlier, Samantha receives help from beyond the grave. Ace Wonder is a 10-year-old detective, struggling to find a storyline for his latest novel. When his path tangles with Derek Morton, a simple family mystery becomes a very real case of corporate espionage, scientific discovery, and one coldblooded killer. An FBI agent and an Interpol detective track a team of illusionists who pull off bank heists during their performances and reward their audiences with the money. When a group of young people camping in the ruins of a medieval Turkish town play a party game called 'Murder in the Dark', they soon discover that someone is taking the game too far...Produced in an experimental shooting style, this murder-mystery features a cast of actors who were not allowed to see the script. The actors' choices interactively changed the shape of the story. They had to use clues to solve the mystery laid out before them by the filmmakers. A disgraced ex-cop's arrival in a small town triggers a cathartic journey of forgiveness and revenge for himself and the family of the activist he killed. Four friends lose themselves in a carefree South-East Asian holiday. Only three come back. Dave and Alice return home to their young family desperate for answers about Jeremy's mysterious disappearance. When Alice's sister Steph returns not long after, a nasty secret is revealed about the night her boyfriend went missing. But it is only the first of many. Who amongst them knows what happened on that fateful night when they were dancing under a full moon in Cambodia? A team consisting of a physicist, his wife, a young female psychic and the only survivor of the previous visit are sent to the notorious Hell House to prove/disprove survival after death. Previous visitors have either been killed or gone mad, and it is up to the team to survive a full week in isolation, and solve the mystery of the Hell House. Samantha Kingston has everything. Then, everything changes. After one fateful night, she wakes up with no future at all. Trapped into reliving the same day over and over, she begins to question just how perfect her life really was. A dark comedy about two people's chase around Los Angeles to find a missing cooler. Meet Leonard, a man who will help you die with a smile on your face. A young attorney meets his client for the first time, a serial killer known as the "Smiley Face Killer", whose victims all died with a smile on their faces. Phyliss McGee was a wicked woman when she was alive, but now that she's dead, she is far worse. Geno, the grandson of Phyliss, is reunited with his family after her death, but soon discovers that there's something wrong -- what appears to be the dead grandmother is going around with a meat cleaver in hand and butchering family members! Forced to cover it as a journalist, Geno gets too close and soon finds out what his family has been hiding for years... he discovers the FAMILY SECRET! Directed and created by Shane Ryan, the movie was shot shortly after the events which inspired it (15 year old Alyssa Bustamante was convicted of killing her 9 year old neighbor, Elizabeth Olten). Compared to the likes of David Lynch, Larry Clark, Harmony Korine and John Cassavetes, the film dares the audience to watch it, confronting issues with kids and teenagers often sugar-coated by Hollywood. The movie tackles hard-hitting subjects like self mutilation by teen girls, bullying, rape, bulimia (showcasing the actual damage it does to a girl's body) and, of course, the murder. One clear summer day in a Baltimore suburb, a baby goes missing from her front porch. Two young girls serve seven years for the crime and are released into a town that hasn't fully forgiven or forgotten. Soon, another child is missing, and two detectives are called in to investigate the mystery in a community where everyone seems to have a secret. After Washington DC detective Alex Cross is told that a family member has been murdered, he vows to track down the killer. He soon discovers that she was not his first victim and that things are not what they seem. Beneath Anna Poliatova's striking beauty lies a secret that will unleash her indelible strength and skill to become one of the world's most feared government assassins. After losing her mother in a tragic accident, Beckett Warner realizes that her troubles may be far worse--her school is run by a coven of beautiful women who perpetuate their youth by drinking the blood of virgins. It is the year 2022. A mysterious systems failure causes the crew of a spaceship to be stranded on the dark side of the moon, while rapidly running out of fuel and oxygen. They are surprised to discover a NASA space shuttle floating in space, and board it in the hope of salvaging some supplies. One by one, the crew is possessed and killed, and it is up to Paxton Warner to find the links between the dark side of the moon, the Bermuda Triangle, and the Devil himself. A woman wakes up every day, remembering nothing as a result of a traumatic accident in her past. One day, new terrifying truths emerge that force her to question everyone around her. Detective Ben Nolan is sent to investigate the story of a convicted prostitute and known drug dealer Linda Grossel. Linda explains that she was kidnapped and held captive for weeks. As the investigation unfolds, Linda's sanity is put to question, leaving Ben to decide whether to go on with the investigation or leave Linda to the fate of the prison system. In this dark, surreal comedy, Cindy Rossberg has apparently killed her fiance on her wedding day. Her psychiatrist encourages her to move forward with her life. However, as she attempts to do so she finds reality too difficult to contend with as she is bound to the events of the past.  As she tries to sort things out for herself, Cindy spirals into a wacky world of bizarre situations that become increasingly influenced by a murder mystery she is writing.  In the end, Cindy discovers that she must act as her own emancipator in order to free herself from the role she thinks she is expected to play. Over a 5-year period in Bridgend in Wales, 79 people, many of them teenagers, committed suicide without leaving any clue as to why. This is the starting point for this mysterious social drama. After failing to apprehend the terrorist behind a Paris attack that claimed dozens of lives, CIA agent Alice Racine is forced to live in London as a caseworker. Her mentor unexpectedly calls her back into action when the CIA discovers that another attack is imminent. Alice soon learns that the classified information she's uncovered has been compromised. Running for her life, she turns to a former soldier to help her prevent a lethal biological attack on the citizens of London. A single mother and her mute, autistic son are terrorized by supernatural entities in this haunting story of love, loss and the occult. To the WWE Universe, Shawn Michaels made every match he competed in feel like a main event. No matter the time or the place, when The Showstopper stepped inside the ring, he delivered a performance unlike any other. Now for the first time ever, WWE Home Video dives deep into the archives to bring the WWE Universe never-before-released matches spanning the entire career of "The Heartbreak Kid." From tag team classics as one half of The Rockers, to hidden gems against Mr. Perfect, "Stone Cold" Steve Austin and Ric Flair, this is a special collection for any fan of The Showstopper. Sean Reynolds, a highly acclaimed investigative journalist (who strongly believed in paranormal phenomena), destroyed his career when the most watched episode of his reality show, based on paranormal phenomena, turned out to be a hoax. Sean saw a news report on a "Bigfoot Hunter" (Carl Drybeck) who claimed to possess the body of a dead Sasquatch. He believes Drybeck is a phony and decides to create a new show that reveals people's paranormal claims as hoaxes. Sean assembles his old film crew and heads to Northern California's "Lost Coast" to meet with and interview Drybeck. Obsessed, Sean is staking his comeback, his life and the lives of his documentary film crew on proving Drybeck's claim to be a hoax. A tight-knit team of FBI investigators, along with their District Attorney supervisor, is suddenly torn apart when they discover that one of their own teenage daughters has been brutally murdered. An American sniper and his spotter engage in a deadly cat-and-mouse game with an Iraqi sniper. 17-year old Eli moves with his family to the isolated farm of reclusive Waylon, a man whose dark past threatens to overtake him. Eli's family works to restore the desolate fields, while he becomes fascinated with the forests. While on the farm, Eli meets the mysterious Amanda when she gives him an apple. The next day she extracts a promise from him to avoid the deep woods. Reeling from a violent encounter with his father, one night he breaks this promise and finds her body hanging from a tree. Henry Long desperately seeks a cure for the condition that leaves him unable to feel physical pain. Three people driving into Los Angeles for a Dodgers game have car trouble and pull off into an old wrecking yard where they are held at bay by a bloodthirsty psycho and his crazy girlfriend. Detective Harry Hole investigates the disappearance of a woman whose pink scarf is found wrapped around an ominous looking snowman. Nationally acclaimed evangelist John Luther is the last obstacle in the way of sweeping religious reform in the States. When a U.S. Senator and Luther's own supporters abduct and frame him in the murder of an innocent teenage girl, an unprecedented era of persecution is unleashed. Out on personal recognizance, Luther escapes police surveillance in search of the truth. And suddenly, a once-normal life is targeted by a team of ex-military operatives who wage a relentless campaign to eliminate the incriminating evidence. As evangelist turned fugitive, Luther vows to expose anyone involved with or profiting from the girl's murder; a mission that brings him face-to-face with the coming storm of persecution that will threaten the entire Christian community in America. The son of a fundamentalist pastor becomes addicted to an irresistible witch. If he gives in to his temptation, he will be doomed to eternal life on the dark side. When a low-level cop, Aiden Magnusson, solves an infamous crime, he is promoted to Sector One and used as a "poster boy" of success. But his newly established status and lavish life is jeopardised when the central computer system that governs his city accuses him of murder....Now Aiden must return to the ruins he once called home to solve the mystery and prove his innocence. The story of Katherine Ann Watson, a feminist teacher who studied at UCLA graduate school and in 1953 left her boyfriend behind in Los Angeles, California to teach at Wellesley College, a conservative women's private liberal arts college in Massachusetts, United States. Inspired by Carmilla, the seminal 19th Century vampire tale by Sheridan LeFanu, STYRIA plunges the viewer into a haunted world of fantasy and obsession. In 1989, Lara Hill (Eleanor Tomlinson), accompanies her art historian father (Stephen Rea) to an abandoned castle across the Iron Curtain. From a car crash outside of the castle, emerges the beautiful and mysterious Carmilla. Lara secrets Carmilla into the castle and the two are drawn into an intoxicating relationship. But when Carmilla mysteriously disappears, and women of the town begin committing suicide, Lara's psychic wounds erupt into a living nightmare that consumes the entire town of Styria. A teenage girl comes to terms with the unexplained death of the boy next door. The film speaks about universal themes of love, hate and search for love. The portrait of three women represents these three states. Tanya Neubivko has never been in love but optimistically is searing for it. Her unfortunate and even dangerous encounters with strangers on dates almost got her killed. Rita is happily engaged and planning a wedding after a routine medical check-up. Nadya is a very unhappy doctor who hates her husband and finds relief in alcohol. The story takes place in a surreal hospital with the leaking roof and hollow walls and constantly smoking doctors, where Rita is destined to die. A young girl suffering from amnesia after surviving a house fire that takes her childhood friend's life, begins a tormented road to recovery. The town of Downers Grove looks like your average suburban neighborhood -- but Downers Grove has a disturbing secret.... For the past eight years, one senior from every high school graduating class has met a bizarre death right before graduation day. And this year, Chrissie Swanson has a terrible feeling that she is going to be the one to die. Can Chrissie survive the curse of Downers Grove or will she, like those seniors before her, fall prey to the town's deadly secret? Stranded in a Void after their plane crashed, Nick, Barbara, and Leo are forced to face their daemons while struggling for survival in hope they would be rescued. Two estranged sisters are forced to rob a bank in order to save their brother. But this is no ordinary bank. Babu works for three underworld dons and must go to prison to protect them. When his sentence is over, he returns home to find that Purnima (his wife), Arjun (his son) and Pooja (his daughter) live a destitute life. When he confronts his bosses, he is beheaded in front of his wife and children, and his daughter is abducted.  Purnima (Raakhee) loses her mind, and is hospitalized in a mental hospital. Growing up, Arjun (Akshay Kumar) becomes a high profile vigilante. As for Purnima, she becomes terribly ill and can be saved only if she sees her daughter again. Thus, Arjun decides to re-unite his mother and sister. In order to do so, he must discover the identity of his father's killers. Part war movie, part courtroom thriller, this gripping drama finds a war hero put on trial for a rescue mission gone terribly wrong with only his doubtful friend and fellow marine to represent him. Set in a post-apocalyptic world, young Thomas is deposited in a community of boys after his memory is erased, soon learning they're all trapped in a maze that will require him to join forces with fellow "runners" for a shot at escape. A teenage boy discovers the perpetrators of several brutal kidnappings in his home town. An uptight documentary filmmaker and his wife find their lives loosened up a bit after befriending a free-spirited younger couple. A rich woman and a calculating insurance agent plot to kill her unsuspecting husband after he signs a double indemnity policy.  Against a backdrop of distinctly Californian settings, the partners in crime plan the perfect murder to collect the insurance, which pays  double if the death is accidental. When Harry Poole tries out a new medication for Bipolar Disorder, he is reborn as "Edward Grey", a seductive but dangerous alter ego who dramatically takes over his life, changing the young man and those around him forever. While covering the annual Nobel Banquet for tabloid Kvallspressen, crime reporter Annika Bengtzon witnesses a spectacular murder right in front of her. Two people are shot, one of them the controversial Laureate in Medicine, Aaron Wiesel. Annika is the key witness and is bound by the police not to disclose anything she has seen. A terrorist group with connections to the Middle East quickly admits responsibility for the murder. International press is all over the story, as are the police. The story of Jorge, an ambitious hacker with few scruples, which is discovered to divert money from the company where he works and decides to flee. In flight, turns out to have an accident during a snowstorm and, despite being in despair, eventually finding a home. Tessa Young is a dedicated student, dutiful daughter and loyal girlfriend to her high school sweetheart. Entering her first semester of college, Tessa's guarded world opens up when she meets Hardin Scott, a mysterious and brooding rebel who makes her question all she thought she knew about herself -- and what she wants out of life. A psychiatrist involved in a radical new therapy comes under suspicion when his patients are murdered, each according to their individual phobias. Tony is a notorious gangster with a big problem. He has woken up in an abandoned farmhouse, with blood on his shirt, and no memory of how he got there. He stumbles into a small town and discovers he's in an Italian village that seems to be lost in time. Six friends are called together under the guise of an emergency, only to find themselves at the center of an elaborate scheme concocted by a mysterious mastermind who threatens to kill them if they do not obey his instructions. Samantha Holt had the perfect life with a handsome fiancee and a future that couldn't look brighter. But an unexpected turn on a dark lonely road puts her on a collision course with Bruce Miller, a devoted family man who descends into madness when he loses everything he ever cared about. One year later, Bruce decides to give Samantha the punishment he believes she escaped. Samantha has struggled with her own demons since that fateful night, and Bruce will take her struggles to the edge when he implements a demented plan to teach her a twisted lesson that may cost her the ultimate price. Four mathematicians are gathered and meet with a top official of the United States Department of Defense. After some discussion, the group agrees that they must be wary with whom to trust and control their solution. The official offers them a reward of $10 million in exchange for their portion of the algorithm, swaying them by attempting to address their concerns. Only one of the four speaks out against the sale, and in doing so is forced to reveal a dark truth about his portion of the solution. Before they sign a license to the government, however, they wrestle with the ethical consequences of their discovery. -- Wikipedia Three happy couples enjoy the holidays in a cozy secluded cabin in the woods when they are suddenly interrupted by an unprecedented event that will forever change their lives. Follows disillusioned young family man John as a mysterious stranger, Richie takes him on a murder-fueled ride that transforms the weak-willed John into a desperate hero willing to go to any length to protect his family. A documentary about the making of the 2001 Hip-Hop album "Disposable Arts" A teenager finds her perfect life upended when she's stalked by a mysterious doppelganger who has her eyes set on assuming her identity. When the fun loving Marie sets her eyes on brooding comic book artist Paul, it sets off the kind of romantic sparks that quickly culminate in the bedroom. But the next morning brings its share of surprises as Marie crawls out of bed to discover her life flash-forwarded fifteen years down the road: Not only has she been married to Paul all this time, but she's now the mother of a little boy the head of a powerful multinational investment firm and the proprietor of a fabulous apartment overlooking the Eiffel Tower. Quickly Marie discovers that all her achievements have not brought happiness. Condredge Holloway, one of the most celebrated athletes in Tennessee Volunteers history, is the subject of a Kenny Chesney-produced film that documents the life and career of the SEC's first African-American starting quarterback. Vidya Bagchi (Vidya Balan) arrives in Kolkata from London to find her missing husband Arnab Bagchi. Seven months pregnant and alone in a festive city, she begins a relentless search for her husband. With nothing to rely on except fragments from her memories about him, all clues seem to reach a dead end when everyone tries to convince Vidya that her husband does not exist. She slowly realises that nothing is what it seems. In a city soaked in lies, Vidya is determined to unravel the truth about her husband - for herself and her unborn child - even at the cost of her own life. An account of serial killer Richard Ramirez and his rampage in California during the mid-1980s. A woman goes back to the island where her parents were killed. They had been working on a cure for cancer and accidentally raised the dead by angering a voodoo priest. With the woman is a group of mercenaries and they meet up with some other researchers. They raise the dead again and all hell breaks loose The true story of the Long Island teen who shoots and wounds the wife of a man she called her lover. In 1941 Hawaii, a private is cruelly punished for not boxing on his unit's team, while his captain's wife and second in command are falling in love. An awkward office drone becomes increasingly unhinged after a charismatic and confident look-alike takes a job at his workplace and seduces the woman he desires. The events occur between 4:45 am and 6:15 am in the Colombian jungle. Mark, an American contractor wakes up doped, tortured and hung up by the arms next to a local prostitute that acts as interpreter whilst the kidnappers want to hack a 60 billion dollars bank account. Mark is forced to play a no-win game. Time is not on his side and the only thing missing is the password, the problem is: give it or not, Mark is meat dead Detectives use clues from various recording devices to piece together events surrounding a massacre involving bus passengers at an abandoned gas station. The rivalry between the manipulative boss of an advertising agency and her talented protegee escalates from stealing credit to public humiliation to murder. Perception is a darkly comedic gem that stars Piper Perabo as Jen Marshall, an LA girl with a reckless personality and a laundry list of burned bridges. When Jen returns to New York and unexpected tragedy strikes, it is up to her mistreated friends to decide between helping her through this tough time or abandoning her - like she did them. A true story, Bela Kiss was one of the the most brutal serial killers, who killed 23 young women during the beginning of the first World War. The blood-drained bodies were found in metal barrels, conserved in alcohol. According to rumors, he was still seen decades later, in different parts of the world. He never was found and so the whereabouts of this man are unknown, even today. Almost a century later, five bank robbers search for a hideaway in a remote hotel, as they flee from the police. Brutal and unforeseen events take overhand and build a bridge to the past. The assumed safe house turns into a nightmare... is Bela Kiss still alive? A burglar falls for an heiress as she dies in his arms. When he learns that he has the gift of reincarnation, he sets out to save her. With his wife's disappearance having become the focus of an intense media circus, a man sees the spotlight turned on him when it's suspected that he may not be innocent. A group of college friends celebrate the end of term with a party to end all parties. During a drink and drug-fuelled evening, an innocent game of 'Truth or Dare' has a very sore loser, sparking a terrifying sequence of events and a whole new twist on the game of truth or dare - where the truth can kill you. The careers of D.W. Griffith, Mary Pickford, Douglas Fairbanks, and Charlie Chaplin are chronicled culminating in the formation of United Artists and 1919. A widow falls for a guy who bears a striking resemblance to her late husband. In a world divided into factions based on personality types, Tris learns that she's been classified as Divergent and won't fit in. When she discovers a plot to destroy Divergents, Tris and the mysterious Four must find out what makes Divergents dangerous before it's too late. The Words follows young writer Rory Jansen who finally achieves long sought after literary success after publishing the next great American novel. There's only one catch - he didn't write it. As the past comes back to haunt him and his literary star continues to rise, Jansen is forced to confront the steep price that must be paid for stealing another man's work, and for placing ambition and success above life's most fundamental three words. Twenty-five years ago Adib (Alexander Siddig, Syriana, Cairo Time), a promising young officer in the Syrian military police, suddenly left Damascus under suspicious circumstances. Abandoning the love of his life Fatima (Marisa Tomei, The Wrestler, The Ides of March), he made his way to Canada and wiped the slate clean. With a beautiful wife, two grown daughters, and a great job in Toronto, Adib is confident he s built a successful life from scratch. But when his daughter Muna suddenly disappears in Damascus, his past threatens to violently catch up to him. Teaming up with a Canadian emissary (Joshua Jackson, Fringe), Adib must now confront the turmoil he thought he left behind so many years ago in order to find Muna. Three months ago, Piper met Mollie online. And Mollie changed everything. Now a knock at the door. John Sharp. Mollie's brother. He was sent to talk Piper out of the thing's she's threatening. But neither may be who they claim to be. For five men, the opportunity to share a penthouse in the city -- in which to carry on extramarital affairs -- is a dream come true, until the dead body of an unknown woman turns up. Realizing that her killer must be one of their group, the men are gripped by paranoia as each one suspects another. Friendships are tested, loyalties are questioned, and marriages crumble while fear and suspicion run rampant. When a bloodied and incoherent Jun (Wang Baoqiang) confesses to five murders that have not occurred, the police assume that he's mentally unstable and ignore his claims. Police detective Han (Lau Ching-wan) is investigating a series of gruesome murders, but soon discovers that all is not as it seems and that not only are the murders connected, but that Jun is tied to them in some way. Thirty years after the events of the first film, a new blade runner, LAPD Officer K, unearths a long-buried secret that has the potential to plunge what's left of society into chaos. K's discovery leads him on a quest to find Rick Deckard, a former LAPD blade runner who has been missing for 30 years. Independent British thriller starring Dougray Scott and Kara Tointon. Lewis (Scott), an overworked doctor, is on his way home from London with his young son Max (Joshua Kaynama). Clearly exhausted from his work, Lewis decides to take a nap on the train while an attractive young woman (Tointon) watches over his son. When he wakes, all but a few passengers have alighted and he realises that the train is not stopping to let anyone else off. Determined to get to the bottom of the mystery, Lewis goes to investigate and finds that the train has been taken over by an unstable driver who is hellbent on destroying the vehicle along with all the remaining passengers on board. Sisyphus is a shepherd who lives by the river. A solitary man who falls into trap set by the gods. He dares to stand against the almighty Zeus, bringing upon himself his wrath. The revenge of the gods seems simple - they send Death after Sisyphus. A father's quiet retreat to the woods with his two children turns into a fight for survival. After a mysterious, beautiful Latin woman named Miranda makes a dramatic appearance at the funeral of a man, shocking his affluent Southern California family, Victor, the man's son, heads to Mexico to find out the truth about the nature of her relationship with his dead father. He finds Miranda in the city of Guanajuato living with another man, Tobias. When Victor confronts Miranda, she denies meeting his father and says they will never hear from her again. If Miranda is telling the truth, what exactly was she doing at Victor's father's funeral? Who is the man that she is living with now? Their confrontation is the beginning of a chain of events where the protagonists will have to solve the dilemma that happens when true love comes twice at the same time. Climate scenario where temperature rise causes hallucinogenic heat-stroke resulting in tropical mirages and double vision. The main focus in the videoworks 'Level', 'Temperature Rising' and 'Bloomberg' has been image and sound as equal units. This means that I'm trying not to put sound to image or image to sound but to work with the two in a parallel process where a motion can start in a picture and end up moving through sound. My interest in movements travelling through time in image and sound developed during my studies in visual art and electro-acoustic music. On a stormy Saturday afternoon, six students from Crestview Academy begin to meet horrible fates as they serve out their detentions. Is a fellow student to blame, or perhaps Crestview's alleged ghosts are behind the terrible acts? Based on the best selling autobiography by Irish expat Frank McCourt, Angela's Ashes follows the experiences of young Frankie and his family as they try against all odds to escape the poverty endemic in the slums of pre-war Limerick. The film opens with the family in Brooklyn, but following the death of one of Frankie's siblings, they return home, only to find the situation there even worse. Prejudice against Frankie's Northern Irish father makes his search for employment in the Republic difficult despite his having fought for the IRA, and when he does find money, he spends the money on drink. A private investigator helps a former flame solve the murder of her wealthy grandfather, who lived in a sprawling estate surrounded by his idiosyncratic family. Long time friends George and Phinneas share a duplex in Los Angeles. Their Russian landlord, Mr. Romanovsky lives in the upstairs unit. George's girlfriend Kim and her friend Olivia come over and after some drinking, they bring out a Ouija board. That night, Phinneas begins to exhibit disturbing nocturnal behaviour. As George investigates more into his friends behaviour, he suspects  that his friend has become possessed by a dark entity Jamie, a young American exchange student in rural France, finds herself in the middle of a love triangle as she and the host family's wayward daughter fall for the same boy. As dangerous lies and dark family secrets surface, Jamie becomes the unsuspecting victim of a game of sexual intrigue. A couple facing marital problems after losing their child finds their life together further complicated by a mysterious visitor. A detective investigates a murder, only to find that the victim is... himself. Soon, he discovers multiple versions of himself, not all of them friendly. Arriving on a deserted beach in the Mediterranean sea, in a time and a place unspecified, Kaspar Hauser is forced to confront the evil of a Grand Duchess who feels threatened by the power she exercises over the community. Paul Mawhinney was born and raised in Pittsburgh, PA. Over the years he has amassed what has become the world's largest record collection. Due to health issues and a struggling record industry Paul is being forced to sell his collection.  ---  A brief look at the world's largest vinyl record collection and the current state of the American record industry. Made during Bergman's tax-related exile in Germany, the film continues the story of Katarina and Peter Egermann, the feuding, childless, professional couple who appear in one episode of "Scenes From A Marriage." After Peter perpetrates a horrendous crime in its first scene, the rest of the film consists of a non-linear examination of his motivations, incorporating a police psychological investigation, scenes from the Egermanns' married life, and dream sequences. A group of elite soldiers sent to infiltrate and extract the lead science team from Pine Gap, Australia's top secret underground military compound, after it comes under attack from unknown forces. The mission is compromised when they encounter a young woman with no memory of who she is or how she came to be there. As they try to escape, the group quickly discovers all is not as it seems and the facility has become a testing ground for something far more sinister. A Spaniard in Argentina becomes aware of his approaching death while staying at a hospital, so he decides to run away from Buenos Aires and start a trip up North, heading nowhere in particular. For the past four years, San Francisco cop Jack Cates has been after an unidentified drug kingpin who calls himself the "Ice Man". Jack finds a picture that proves that the Ice Man has put a price on the head of Reggie Hammond, who is scheduled to be released from prison on the next day. In the menacing inferno of the old American West, Liz is a genuine survivor who is hunted by a vengeful preacher for a crime she didn't commit. Chris crashes into a carload of other young people, and the group of stranded motorists is soon lost in the woods of West Virginia, where they're hunted by three cannibalistic mountain men who are grossly disfigured by generations of inbreeding. American and British friends studying in Finland decide to take up an offer to travel to the Arctic Circle and experience the mysterious, pagan celebration of Midsummer's Eve. Bill Buckle has had a dream--he wants to buy back the family fishing boat, the Cascade, which the family had to sell years ago to pay for his father's funeral. However, the boat is now owned by a trio of fishermen, and their plans for the boat don't coincide with Bill's at all. Lucille and Joe have moved to Gozo, a tiny island in the Mediterranean Sea, off the coast of Malta. They have a nice car, a steady income, a beautiful farmhouse with breathtaking views and a swimming pool. They seem to have it all. But when a young tourist goes missing on the island, Joe's disquieted conscience begins to get the better of him. As the buried horrors of Lucille and Joe's past resurface, the cracks begin to show in their homespun paradise. The streets of the Bronx are owned by '60s youth gangs where the joy and pain of adolescence is lived. Philip Kaufman tells his take on the novel by Richard Price about the history of the Italian-American gang 'The Wanderers.' An artist meets a mysterious and wealthy benefactor and their relationship is not what it appears to be.  In this suspenseful drama from first-time writer-director Nenad Cicin-Sain, a struggling young artist (Wes Bentley) accepts a series of bizarre commissions from an eccentric, dying millionaire (Frank Langella) who may be trying to either help further his career or destroy his life. Found footage helps a true-crime novelist realize how and why a family was murdered in his new home, though his discoveries put his entire family in the path of a supernatural entity. The Mind's Eye follows a drifter with telekinetic abilities who targets a doctor who is creating a synthetic telekinetic power serum. Virgil Oldman is a world renowned antiques expert and auctioneer. An eccentric genius, he leads a solitary life, going to extreme lengths to keep his distance from the messiness of human relationships. When appointed by the beautiful but emotionally damaged Claire to oversee the valuation and sale of her family's priceless art collection, Virgil allows himself to form an attachment to her - and soon he is engulfed by a passion which will rock his bland existence to the core. A violent gang enlists the help of a hypnotherapist in an attempt to locate a painting which somehow vanished in the middle of a heist. A group of young friends make an incomprehensible discovery in an abandoned mine, but the more they try to change the future, the more they seal their fate. A young girl is transported into a magical world of gingerbread soldiers and an army of mice.  In Disney's magical take on the classic The Nutcracker, Clara wants a one-of-a-kind key that will unlock a box holding a priceless gift. A golden thread presented at her godfather's holiday party leads her to the coveted key--which promptly disappears into a strange and mysterious parallel world. There Clara encounters a soldier, a gang of mice and the regents of three magical Realms. But she must brave the ominous Fourth Realm, home to the tyrant Mother Ginger, to retrieve her key and return harmony to the unstable world. A horror movie about the mysterious happenings that happen to a pair of sisters after watching an unidentified video. Directed by Kim Tae-kyeong, Park Bo-yeong plays Se-hee who tries to save her sister Jeong-mi, her boyfriend Joo Won and Kang Byeol plays the sister. An ancient skeleton has been discovered in Jerusalem in a rich man's tomb. Colouration of the wrist and leg bones indicates the cause of death was crucifiction. other signs, include a gold coin bearing the marks of Pontius Pilate and faint markings around the skull, lead authorities to suspect that these could be the bones of Jesus Christ. Politicians, clerics, religious extremists and those using terror as a means to an end, find their beliefs and identities tested while risking their lives to unearth the truth..... In an Irish boarding school, girls play in the school's grounds, while Helen, an orphan, feels isolated from them as she wonders about the return of her father who went to Australia when she was young and has not returned. In London, unbeknown to Helen, her mother, 'Irish Moll', works as a prostitute, where she meets Gunning and potential clients in a bar. In fact, Helen's father abandoned his wife and child years before, and while | Helen awaits her father's return from Australia, she has been told that her mother is dead. The Ghost Club, an ancient organization of ghost explorers that included Charles Dickens and Sir Arthur Conan Doyle continue there brand in a prime time ghost show. During an all-night, drug-fueled party at an abandoned asylum known for the horrific treatment of its patients, a group of ordinary teens decide to experiment with the occult, mysteriously leading to a violent possession. In an effort to find help, the group rushes to escape, only to find themselves locked inside with no means of communication. Tempers flare, trusts are broken and in attempt to save one of their friends possessed by the demon, the amateurs try to perform an exorcism. Instead of solving the problem, and unbeknownst to them, they unleash an even more powerful and vengeful spirit, one with a distinct motive and which wants them all dead. The teen's only chance of survival is to uncover the asylum's deep mysteries and find a way out before it's too late. Borgman is the central character of this dark, malevolent fable. Is he a dream or a demon, a twisted allegory or an all-too-real embodiment of our fears? Borgman is a sinister arrival in the sealed-off streets of modern suburbia. His presence unleashes a crowing gallery of distortion around the careful facade constructed by an arrogant, comfortable couple, their three children and nanny. An Alzheimer's patient is checked into a long-term care facility while he believes his wife to be missing. Delivery tells the story of Kyle and Rachel Massy, a young couple who agree to document their first pregnancy for a family-oriented reality show. The production spirals out-of-control after the cameras capture a series of unexplained events, leading Rachel to believe that a malevolent spirit has possessed their unborn child. In the near future, Frank, a police officer, discovers that the legalization of all recreational drugs comes with a price. This is the story of Romeo. A dude who was living the life. He had the works - the mansion to live in, the chicks to party with and the cars to be driven around in. Until one day, the family he was the favourite pet of, decided to move and left him back, abandoned on the mean streets of Mumbai. Romeo is now faced with situations he has never been in before. He encounters four strays, who scare the daylights out of him. But soon, he smooth talks his way into their hearts and he makes friends. Then, Romeo finds love! He encounters the beautiful, ravishing Laila, the most beautiful girl he has ever seen - and he loses his heart to her at first sight. Finally, he encounters a villain! The dreaded Don of the area - Charlie Anna. The Don who everyone is scared of. So hop on to the adventure as Romeo, wins friendship, love and a new life - in spite of Charlie Anna and his gang! 2AM, closing time: A cocky bar manager with a shady past and a young handsome bartender discover a beautiful woman bloodied and unconscious in the bathroom of a late night lounge. When she awakens, Tony, Matt and the mysterious Rose are plunged into a stirring evening of dangerous role playing in an ever-escalating game of cat and mouse that forces them to face the dark shadows of themselves. As we begin to piece together the elaborate puzzle, nothing is what it seems. However, one thing is for certain: this Rose is full of thorns. As a child, Donald was tormented by his mother who used fire as a punishment. Now a deranged adult, Donald stalks women at clubs, then takes them home where he kills them with a flamethrower.  Flight 7500 departs Los Angeles International Airport bound for Tokyo. As the overnight flight makes its way over the Pacific Ocean during its ten-hour course, the passengers encounter what appears to be a supernatural force in the cabin. When Jim proposes to his girlfriend, Bridget, things go bad fast. Michael is committed to getting his best friend Chris to sober up and get his life back on track. With the best of intentions, Michael implements a plan to convince Chris to go to rehab before his drug addiction leads to an early death. But what begins as an attempt to save his friend's life quickly takes an unexpected turn as the two friends confront personal demons, the consequences of past actions, and forces beyond their control. Jack Conrad is awaiting the death penalty in a corrupt Central American prison. He is "purchased" by a wealthy television producer and taken to a desolate island where he must fight to the death against nine other condemned killers from all corners of the world, with freedom going to the sole survivor. In order to forget the death of Paul, the man of her life, Korine leaves Paris for a few weeks, to direct a report in Mongolia. Her meeting with the shaman Oyun will change her life: Korine has a rare gift that Oyun intends to unveil. Korine will agree to start a journey of discovery, which will lead her to discover a new culture, ancestral and forgotten ways, but most importantly herself.  Cass and Mark are a couple on a camping trip to the distant countryside. When their seemingly secluded getaway is interrupted by an ominous scream, they start to think someone might be stalking them, and encounter two strangers who are also in the woods near them. Despite everything appearing to be harmless, they can't shake the feeling that something is wrong. The truth, however, is far more disturbing than meets the eye. Vet leads his team of disbanded mercenaries into the treacherous Gallows Wood on one last mission to capture the elusive Professor Black. What was meant to be a simple extraction mission soon becomes a terrifying journey into madness. The global economy is on the brink of collapse. Brilliant creators, from artists to industrialists, continue to mysteriously disappear. Unemployment has risen to 24%. Gas is now $42 per gallon.  Dagny Taggart, Vice President in Charge of Operations for Taggart Transcontinental, has discovered what may very well be the answer to the mounting energy crisis - found abandoned amongst ruins, a miraculous motor that could seemingly power the World.  But, the motor is dead... there is no one left to decipher its secret... and, someone is watching.  It's a race against the clock to find the inventor and stop the destroyer before the motor of the World is stopped for good.  A motor that would power the World. A World whose motor would be stopped.  Who is John Galt? Prodigy detective Mitsuko Unagi is on the hunt for a notorious serial killer known only as "Eleven". It started 10 years earlier, on February 29th, 2009, when a series of murders began, involving 11 randomly selected victims killed simultaneously in Tokyo. Pauls a lonely man. Locked up in his desolate life he struggles to face reality. He's forced to change his views when it's too late. Something nasty is lurking inside a secure storage unit. When a group of people get trapped inside, they need to find a way to get out of a building that's designed to keep things in... A group of six tourists looking to go off the beaten path, hire an 'extreme tour guide' who, ignoring warnings, takes them into the city of Pripyat, the former home to the workers of the Chernobyl nuclear reactor, but now a deserted town since the disaster more than 25 years earlier. After a brief exploration of the abandoned city, the group members find themselves stranded, only to discover that they are not alone. The film is set in Tuscany during the Black Death. As in the Decameron, ten young Florentines take refuge from the plague. But instead of telling stories, they have lusty adventures, bawdy exchanges, romance and swordplay. There are randy nuns, Saracen pirates, and a sexy cow. A beautiful vampire turns a crime lord into a creature of the night. Memories, mirrors, madness and Memento collide in this experimental video essay focusing on the photographs and photographers in thousands of narrative films. All the Memory in the World is a stream-of-consciousness meditation on cinema, photography, identity, memory and dreams narrated by an insomniac who obsesses over images. Photographer Francesca builds Maia's confidence while having to control her own obsessive and sexual desires towards Maia. As they spend more time together, Maia becomes the object of her obsession and things slowly spiral out of control. The woman is moving, attending to things, the man watches. Fun products scroll across the screen as a break. We switch lives. The young girl now watches. Actually she has always been watching, bemused. The obvious things go unnoticed but not by her.  The title THIS ROOM IS WHITE was mentioned in a conversation with a friend who used it as a new expression of speech, referring to the obvious, the fact, the reality which often gets ignored.  This movie was made with hand-drawn animation, 15 drawings per second and stop-motion with the "Wacky Stickers" (which is my collection for when I was a kid in the early 70's). Several scenes were rotoscoped from films from the 70's. The Devil's Dozen is a supernatural horror/thriller where twelve strangers find themselves in a life or death game where sins are judged and every choice a testament to their character. The innocent must strive to maintain their integrity, while the guilty can only hope their deaths lead to the truly innocent walking out alive. A young man and his friends react to a sudden, unexpected tragedy during their annual all-weekend summer party. It's1947, and hard-boiled private investigator Charlie Nickels' client is murdered and her priceless diamond stolen. The investigation forces him to do the one thing he vowed never to do again: trust a dame. Bill Marks is a burned-out veteran of the Air Marshals service. He views the assignment not as a life-saving duty, but as a desk job in the sky. However, today's flight will be no routine trip. Shortly into the transatlantic journey from New York to London, he receives a series of mysterious text messages ordering him to have the government transfer $150 million into a secret account, or a passenger will die every 20 minutes. When a detective finds himself in the snarls of an Internal Affairs investigation, he has to turn to the only person he can trust, a young girl who holds all the answers he needs. The only problem is that she's been reported missing and he's the main suspect. A young woman returns to her birthplace after her father's death and unearths distant memories and long-buried secrets that change everything she thought she knew about her family, past and herself. Five medical students want to find out if there is life after death. They plan to stop one of their hearts for a few seconds, thus simulating death, and then bring the person back to life. A science fiction thriller from the early 1990's with a star studded cast. Moments before his comeback performance, a concert pianist who suffers from stage fright discovers a note written on his music sheet. An artist whose work involves capturing images of strangers begins to believe she herself is being observed. A tight knit group of young high school athletes have a terrible crash after winning the state championship -- a catastrophe that will shape all their lives. But as adults, some 15 years later, they come together again for a reunion that will open olds wounds, expose long-hidden secrets -- and pave the road to forgiveness and redemption. After their mother passes away, sisters Nicole and Annie reluctantly return to their childhood home to pay their last respects. While staying overnight in the house, the sisters sense a mysterious presence in their midst: noises startling them in the night, objects moving about, a fallen picture of an unknown woman posed next to their mother. Annie begins experiencing a series of intense and disturbing dreams - visions that lead her to uncover something terrible about her mother's past that is finally revealing itself. A man, who years earlier mysteriously abandoned his family and isolated himself in a small northern town, returns for one last chance to reconnect with his troubled daughter. When she goes missing, he risks everything to find her, including exposing the fact that he is becoming invisible. Maud Bailey, a brilliant English academic, is researching the life and work of poet Christabel La Motte. Roland Michell is an American scholar in London to study Randolph Henry Ash, now best-known for a collection of poems dedicated to his wife. When Maud and Roland discover a cache of love letters that appear to be from Ash to La Motte, they follow a trail of clues across England, echoing the journey of the couple over a century earlier. A teacher, Kawashima Haru, arrives on a remote island, north of Hokkaido. She has accompanied her husband, Yukio, to become the teacher of six students.  Once Haru discovers the children's beautiful singing voices, she brightens their spirits by leading them in a chorus. Smiles now break out on the faces of the children, who had been bored at school before her arrival. Their angelic voices reverberate across the wilderness, warmly basking the residents' hearts. One day, Abe, a policeman with a troubled soul, arrives on the island. Haru, who harbors her own secret pain, is increasingly moved by the long shadow cast over Abe's heart. But one summer's day, Haru's husband dies in an accident on a picnic with her students. The terrible wound in Haru's heart causes her to abandon her worried father and flee the island. Although she has escaped the island, she remains concerned for her students... After the disappearance of a young scientist on a business trip, his son and wife struggle to cope, only to make a bizarre discovery years later - one that may bring him home. A mysterious computer virus wipes out highly classified personnel files at the NSA, prompting a top secret investigation. RAYMOND BERRY, an NSA operative is thrown into a detention center, where he is suspected of crimes against the United States. He fights to stay alive, hoping to reunite with TABITHA, a CIA agent he has recently fallen in love with. Ray discovers that Tabitha is not who she says she is, complicating his plans to escape his former life and start over in anonymity. In the United States, there is an active shooter incident every 12 days. In Memoriam shows the wrenching perspective of wounded survivors, grieving relatives, and heroes of the horrific attacks at the Las Vegas Route 91 Harvest Music Festival, the Sutherland Springs Baptist Church in Texas, and the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida. In this mind-bending 'Sci-Fi Noir' a daring physicist folds time to travel into the past, trying to stop a mysterious woman from stealing his invention. But once there, he uncovers a surprising truth about the machine, the woman, and his own fractured reality. A crew of international astronauts are sent on a private mission to Jupiter's fourth moon. A woman turns to prescription medication as a way of handling her anxiety concerning her husband's upcoming release from prison. Following the disappearance of his younger brother Tom, Matthew Ryan tries to put his life and sanity back together. However the past keeps coming back to haunt him. An ex-cop is temporarily blinded when he steals cash from a money laundering operations. While recuperating in Mexico, the thief falls in love with a beautiful woman who has underworld connections. When the girl disappears, he returns to the United States to find her, risking death from the gangster Two gangsters named Lukas and Marc planned to have a nice evening in an brothel. When both of them selected their girls for the night, a bunch of demons starts to attack the brothel. The few ones who survived this attack are confronted with the daugther of the devil herself. She needs the blood of 666 victims to resurrect her father. Lukas and Marc must stop her! Dr David Wright's emotional torment now prevents him from functioning as a therapist. The woman he has loved has vanished from his life 'forever'. Rene Maurer, one of his regular patients, has died - an apparent suicide. Rene's sister, Erika, traveling to London to sort out his things, discovers something curious - his apartment is almost empty. A cup, a spoon, a fork, a knife, frames without pictures, torn photos... One more curiosity - a list of memories. Four dated descriptions of moments in Rene's life. Another patient dies. Another list of memories. There's something strange going on. Something sinister behind these 'suicides' Christina's ghost haunts the mansion where she was born. The average person lives a Lifespan from around 0-80 sequentially. Spanners don't. Some live their lives in reverse. Some come alive for a single day every ten years. Some like our hero, Dr. Adam Parr - are immortal. John Figg has a great career and a gorgeous fiancee. When he inherits a nice house in a quiet neighborhood, he finally starts to feel like his life is coming together. Trouble arises, however, when John's house is burglarized, and the thieves steal one of his most prized possessions. A female American reporter searches for her missing brother against the backdrop of violence and human smuggling across the US/Mexican border. In 1974, 24 year-old Francis Wetherbee, a bank teller who is the subject of small-town envy and gossip, disappears from her hometown of Smithville, Texas two weeks after her fiance's bank is robbed. Her car is dredged from the bottom of a local river but it yields no clues.  After a vigorous but futile search for the missing woman, the authorities give up, and Francis recedes into legend--until the case is revisited nearly 40 years later when key figures in her life come forward with theories and clues surrounding her disappearance. The film then morphs from documentary style to narrative as the odyssey of Francis' life unfolds for the audience and the truth is revealed. A journey by canoe into the city creates a dynamic interconnection between natural and urban spaces, in this evocative short set to a hypnotizing soundtrack by Inuk artist Tanya Taqaq. A young man gets deeply involved in a perhaps contrived mystery when burning rocks start falling from the sky. A musician with hyper-sensitive hearing goes in search of an ominous sound that plagues him, but is inaudible to everyone else. Wrath of the crows is very gory and brutal, but tied by a strong concept and the whole story is focused on the characters' development. So there's not only splatter sequences, but also atmospheric moments, a few dream-like sequences and a final twist that will shock you all. In 18th century France, Marquise de Merteuil asks her ex-lover Vicomte de Valmont to seduce the future wife of another ex-lover of hers in return for one last night with her. Yet things don't go as planned. A man awakes-- without memory -- in a pit full of bodies and must figure out if the people who rescued him are the killers, or if he is the murderer. Cano, an obsessed man, comes back to the summer house where his girlfriend Sara disappeared, to recreate the last week they spent together. The investigation of a mysterious serial-killer in a mountain village, set in Norway in the mid 1300s. Chon Wang, a clumsy imperial guard trails Princess Pei Pei when she is kidnapped from the Forbidden City and transported to America. Wang follows her captors to Nevada, where he teams up with an unlikely partner, outcast outlaw Roy O'Bannon, and tries to spring the princess from her imprisonment. Three very different people -- a quantum physicist, a neuroscientist (Sheetal Sheth), and an FBI agent -- find themselves drawn into a spiraling mystery. Confronted with a mysterious car accident, the three must interpret clues that defy common sense. Their collective quest takes them from science to art to music to mysticism in a widening search for answers.  After an intense outward chase to satisfy their rational minds, the trio realizes the answers they desire lie buried deep within themselves. As each seeker begins to embrace the true nature of reality, each is rewarded with revelations beyond their wildest imaginings. What they learn leaves them humbled and in awe of the strange and beautiful universe we call home. When everything makes sense, nothing makes sense.  This highly philosophical narrative has been applauded by scientists, artists, thinkers, scholars, media, academia, students and audiences from 10 to 80+ years old. A collection of 24 short four-and-a-half minutes films inspired by still images, including paintings and photographs. An experimental project made by filmmaker Abbas Kiarostami in the last three years of his life. Rows is a psychological thriller, a Gothic fantasy inspired by Grimm's tales. A young woman, Rose, is tasked by her developer father to deliver an eviction notice to a reclusive woman in a ramshackle farmhouse. The woman has strange powers, derived from the house itself. The enchantress puts Rose and her friend, Greta, under a spell. They become lost in a seemingly infinite cornfield and must repeat a series of surreal or terrifying events in order to solve the mystery and break the spell. Rose's father is drawn into the mystery, and Rose's relationship with him is tested. A series of shocking reversals leads to a haunting climax. Sacrifice is the story of consultant surgeon, Tora Hamilton, who moves with her husband, Duncan, to the remote Shetland Islands, 100 miles off the north-east coast of Scotland. Deep in the peat soil around her new home, Tora discovers the body of a young woman with rune marks carved into her skin and a gaping hole where her heart once beat. Ignoring warnings to leave well alone, Tora uncovers terrifying links to a legend that might never have been confined to the pages of the story-books. The Magic City, by Director R. Malcolm Jones, is a motion picture based on hope and resilience played out in a coming of age story laced with sometimes insurmountable tragedies and exhilarating adventures. Characters Tiana, Nia and Amiya initially adversaries, forge a lifelong friendship through hope and adversity in one of Miami's gritty and unforgiving neighborhoods, Liberty City. When a mythical device from ancient times is rebuilt by a group of Confederates who feel the civil war never ended, Mickey Matson and his newfound friend, Sully, must follow a series of clues left by his dead grandfather to keep the evil men away from the three mystical objects that power the device. If he fails, it could mean not only the loss of his family's home, but maybe the demise of our country as we know it. Paul is a down-on-his-luck screenwriter who picks up a drifter and offers him a place to stay. However, when the deranged stranger takes Paul hostage and forces him to write, their unhinged relationship brings buried secrets to light. A crew from a paranormal reality television show lock themselves in a haunted psychiatric hospital. They search for evidence of paranormal activity as they shoot what ends up becoming their final episode. When a group of friends decides to follow a car they've seen posted on an Amber Alert, things start to go very wrong. A successful young man's world view is turned upside-down when he inherits his great-great-grandfather's diaries, and starts pursuing the mystical geometric theories held within.  Based on a short story by Ian McEwan. When a mysterious crime takes the life of her only brother, an Ethiopian American woman searches for the truth behind his death, while struggling to reconcile cultural expectations with her own pursuit of self-identity and love. THE CONFABULATORS is a feature film about WALTER, a young man struggling to balance his relationship with his long-term girlfriend MARNY and his attempts to climb the corporate ladder at Cobb Inc. Walter's life takes an unexpected turn when his second cousin, TED, moves into his apartment. Soon, Ted starts showing up at Walter's office and infiltrating his social life. Meanwhile, Walter realizes there is more than meets the eye to Cobb Inc., and that it may be involved in a vast international conspiracy. A brother and sister return to their family home in search of their world famous parents who have disappeared. Marcus Wright (Daniel Dambroff) is in love with Gabby (Elise McNamara). A devastating accident nearly kills her and renders her in a vegetative state. She can no longer walk or talk.  Marcus is determined to make good on his promise to marry her. He is not only challenged by this unfortunate event but is made to jump many unexpected hurdles, including fending off Gabby's mother Sandra (Aria Mckenna), who clings to Marcus and takes her relationship with him beyond both of their boundaries.  Marcus then meets Elliot Thurston (Christopher Clawson), a published author who wrote the novel "Brilliant Mistakes," a story about the author's personal regret. Marcus is a big fan of Elliot's positive energy and subsequently his writing, and a bond of common loss, dreams and goals ties them together. While Elliot brings color and life to Marcus' seemingly uncertain future, something is wrong and Marcus'trust in others is yet again weakened. While on a GPS treasure hunt in the Palatinate forest four teenagers come across an old US military radio tower station. Back in the days of the Cold War it was part of a secret military program that produced horrific side effects, but has long since abandoned. Until now, when the station is mysteriously powered up again. A young woman returns to her family's remote cattle station after the death of her mother. While working at the property with her ailing father, he disappears. Alone and cut off from all communication, she must find the courage to face the truth if she is ever to unravel the mystery. November 17, 1988, is a day of mourning for some... and for others, a lucrative opportunity. On that date, eight university students were found murdered in the old arts building at the college. An anonymous source told police the 20-somethings were in the midst of a local role-playing game, called Chill. The name of the game is to stay alive. But for the players that November evening, few would be getting up for another round. But when a scheming student decides to profit from the tragedy and revive the whodunit game as a web series, the new players soon discover, for some, this game is still all too real... A group of wannabe ghost hunters set out to shoot a pilot in the old Hewitt house which is rumored to be haunted, faking everything, and get more than they bargain for. Eventually, things begin to happen at the house that cannot be easily explained. Is the house really haunted? Can anyone be trusted? We are at our most vulnerable when presented with our greatest desires or confronted with our greatest fears. A botched robbery indicates a police informant, and the pressure mounts in the aftermath at a warehouse. Crime begets violence as the survivors -- veteran Mr. White, newcomer Mr. Orange, psychopathic parolee Mr. Blonde, bickering weasel Mr. Pink and Nice Guy Eddie -- unravel. A special-ops team is dispatched to fight supernatural beings that have taken over a European city. In the quiet foothills of Turkey, Faik lives an isolated existence. When his second son brings his boys for a visit, Faik takes the opportunity to pontificate about the law of the land, as he sees it. He shares one unsolicited thought after the next, most particularly focusing on the elusive nomads whom he suspects have been trespassing on his property. The day and night wear on, and each member of the clan takes his turn entrusting the film's audience with his own dark secret. One rainy night in an arms factory near Shanghai, a young female worker accused of stealing a box of bullets from the ruthless Boss Ding (Liu Kai Chi) is violently killed in a game of Russian roulette. Half a month later, a series of inexplicable deaths takes place in the factory, where the victims are shot but no bullets are found. Rumors of a deadly curse begin to spread in the factory, terrorizing the workers there. So, eccentric police inspector Song Donglu (Lau Ching Wan) and his hot-blooded, gunslinging partner Guo Zhui (Nicholas Tse) are sent in to investigate the mystery of the phantom bullets... The story is set in 1947, following a long-retired Holmes living in a Sussex village with his housekeeper and rising detective son. But then he finds himself haunted by an unsolved 50-year old case. Holmes' memory isn't what it used to be, so he only remembers fragments of the case: a confrontation with an angry husband, a secret bond with his beautiful but unstable wife. In this adaptation of the best-selling roman a clef about Bill Clinton's 1992 run for the White House, the young and gifted Henry Burton is tapped to oversee the presidential campaign of Governor Jack Stanton. Burton is pulled into the politician's colorful world and looks on as Stanton -- who has a wandering eye that could be his downfall -- contends with his ambitious wife, Susan, and an outspoken adviser, Richard Jemmons. Siskiyou County, California has the most reported Bigfoot sightings in the world. In August of 2009, a documentary filmmaker went to investigate these alleged sightings. It has been five years since the disappearance of Katie and Hunter, and a suburban family witness strange events in their neighborhood when a woman and a mysterious child move in. Victor is both thrilled and mystified when his family moves into his grand-uncles somber mansion filled with African masks, taxidermy crocodile mounts - and a dark secret: Four decades ago, his grand-cousin Cecilia, at the same age as he is now, lost her life in the mansions impressive staircase, and the circumstances of her death still remain obscure. An affluent woman is framed for the murder of her husband and faces a mountain of evidence stacked against her. Undeterred, she begins to put the pieces of the true story together. The teenagers of Disney's most infamous villains return to the Isle of the Lost to recruit a new batch of villainous offspring to join them at Auradon Prep. Tales of the Riverbank tells the story of three friends - Hammy Hamster, Roderick Rat and GP the Guinea Pig - who, having swept down the river in a violent storm, embark on an epic journey in search of their lost homes. Their journey, full of comic incident and dramatic danger, becomes even more precarious when they discover that the whole riverbank is threatened by a waffle, Marmalade and Doughnut (WMD) factory which, owned by the evil Fat Cats, is polluting the countryside with increasingly dangerous emissions...the Big Dirt! On December 16th, 2011, eight people on their way to Las Vegas stopped in the ghost town of Garlock, California. This footage documents what happened. A high school teen stumbles into the aftermath of a bank robbery gone wrong and finds himself locked inside his school trying to keep himself and his teacher alive as one of the psychotic robbers hunts them down. While filming a documentary in Mississippi in 1965, Frank De Felitta forever changed the life of an African-American waiter and his family. In 2011, Frank's son returns to the Delta to examine the repercussions of that fateful encounter. A comedy about constructive criticism. A serial killer is loose on the streets of Atlantic City. His ten victims are prostitutes, his methods are ruthless and yet his motives are unknown. Two embattled homicide detectives, Mayfield and Jesse, are in a race against time to catch this killer. They have just a few hours to utilize all of their resources and prevent murder number eleven. But with very few leads, very little support, and luck playing against them they are in for a long night because being wrong is unforgiving and number eleven is already gone. A couple meet at a wedding near a forest, where they spend the night together. The next morning, they cannot find their way back and must confront strange forces that will push their personalities to the limit. An innovative narrative about a real estate developer who mysteriously disappears into the Southwestern desert in 1992, leaving behind a series of VHS tapes. When an ingenue's sudden popularity threatens to shove her out of the spotlight, a movie star uses black magic in an attempt to derail her career. An extremely wealthy elderly man dying from cancer undergoes a radical medical procedure that transfers his consciousness to the body of a healthy young man but everything may not be as good as it seems when he starts to uncover the mystery of the body's origins and the secret organization that will kill to keep its secrets. Sara runs a large country house in the middle of the Pyrenees, away from the hustle and bustle of the city. Her peaceful life is interrupted by the unexpected arrival of her stepmother with whom she does not get along. Her stepmother brings her father's ashes. What at first looks like a reconciliation turns into a nightmare. In 1970s England, three blue-collar friends spend their days joking, drinking, fighting and chasing girls. Freddie wants to leave their working-class world but cool, charismatic Bruce and lovable loser Snork are happy with life the way it is. When Freddie gets a new job as a door-to-door salesman and bumps into his old school sweetheart Julie, the gang are forced to make choices that will change their lives for ever. Seven college friends spend their spring break in a remote waterfront cabin only to discover that their happy vacation is about to turn into a hellish trip, as shadowy locals threaten to pick them off one by one. DJs want to play the bands that they love. Corporate HQ stands in the way. Where does the community end up in this fight? A woman wakes up locked in a small room with no memory of how she arrived there. Unable to escape, and tormented by a series of paranormal entities, she must uncover the riddle of who she is and how she got here. A young girl is being haunted by a ghost spirit, in the shape of a clown, while babysitting. Driving, lost and tormented in the night, primal fears of the dark and the unknown give way to fear that you have let the evil in, or that it is already there. When your memory lies, how do you find the truth? Thirteen years ago, Aiden Ashley's world was torn apart after an online stalker followed her into the real world and broke into the Ashley family home to claim the object of his desire. The resulting night of terror ended with the murders of both Aiden's mother and father. The stalker escaped the scene without Aiden seeing his face; he is gone without a trace, an unknown man, a murderer now watching Aiden's every move. To escape this danger Aiden spends the next 13 years offline, in therapy and secluded anonymity. Who should Aiden trust in a web of deception where no one may be who they seem? There is nowhere for Aiden to hide when someone wants to love her to death. Gisella dreams about writing important things, genuine things, and quits her job at the newspaper after yet another article is insensitively edited. She contacts a recently started alternative paper, where she is given the proposition of writing an article about the living situation among immigrants. Through her research she meets Marisol, Abeba and her daughter Lucinda, who live in a barrack by the harbor. To help solve their financial troubles, she invites them to live in her large house that she inherited from her grandmother. At first everything works well, but soon the mutual respect between the three women turns into a power struggle and hospitality is replaced with rules and a system of punishments. Prudence and Belisaire Beresford have decided to take things easy. But when a rich Russian heiress disappears, Prudence can't resist and Belisaire is forced onto the adventure. Their investigation will put them on the trail of a mysterious scientist who holds the secret to eternal youth... A young man travels to the Andean mountains to understand the origin of man and the reason of his existence. Three injured, amnesiac, American immigrants named Red, White, and Blue are trapped in a small room and given "lessons" by a Uncle Sam carving with a radio in it. The doll demands order and the attention of its students, while leaving them in the dark about what happened to them, where they are, and exactly what the explosions and noises they hear outside are. When Song Qi stumbles upon her boyfriend's affair with her best friend, her life quickly starts falling apart and she is subsequently drawn into a quicksand of revenge and murder. Though all is not as it seems and Song Qi will have to embark on a twisted journey into her past and the very depths of her own mind 25 year-old Dwayne McLaren, a former athlete turned auto mechanic, dreams of getting out of tiny Cut Bank, Montana the coldest town in America. But his effort to do so sets in moton a deadly series of events that change his life and the life of the town forever... After years of waiting for a signal from home, Takumi and his toy robot companion receive a message that they will be returning to their home planet. Suddenly he's faced with a choice to follow his cosmic destiny or pursue the love of his life here on earth. In late summer of 2011, five young friends on a road trip went missing after being attacked by nomadic cannibals in a huge RV. Video was recorded by the victims &amp; recovered by police as evidence in their still-unsolved murders. A young couple has rented an old, remote house by the Mediterranean sea for the summer. There they meet Elias Urquijo, an enigmatic children books writer, whom they quickly befriend. However, something in the house seems to react to the presence of the guests, something that is trying to warn them about the true identity of Elias and what are his real intentions. A group of friends are having a party on a boat. In the distance, a small town watches them in silence. Suddenly, one of them is seriously injured and the group approach the village for help. No one attends, the few inhabitants they find order them to be quiet and disappear into the darkness. The group split for help and strange and terrifying things start to happen, some of them are killed in terrible circumstances. Those who still live, increasingly terrified, discover the reason for all these murders. If they want to leave the village alive and the house where they are locked, they will have to survive in absolute silence. When several beautiful models end up dead at the hands of a serial killer, a successful fashion photographer finds himself in a race to clear his name -- and save his life -- after he becomes the prime suspect. After a fatal accident occurs, Nathan Perry is assigned to the Milwood facility for young adults. During his time at Milwood, Nathan becomes a victim of unforeseen terror and unusual behavior. A woman inserts a camera in the head of her cheating boyfriend and watches his every move on her computer. A young Hungarian woman (played by Hungarian actress Orsi Toth) wakes up inside a crashed car in the middle of nowhere, not knowing where her brother Isti is. Upset and alone, she leaves aboard a cargo ship to keep a promise she made to him. Once at sea, she withdraws into a dream world and loses grip on her life completely. George Geef gets sent home from work to tend to his cold. Photographer Paul Sanders has a passion for beauty - especially beautiful women. But in his spiritual blindness, he admires only the creation and not the creator. When Paul becomes physically blinded in a freak accident, he is forced to reconsider what true beauty means - and where it comes from. With the help of Abigail, a recovering alcoholic and down-on-her-luck singer, Paul realizes the meaning of love and the power of the Gospel to change people's lives. Although he can no longer see, for the first time in his life, his eyes are open. A film of faith and forgiveness, "Open My Eyes" proves that even the hardest hearts can be turned and that broken lives can be healed if only we are willing to believe. The sordid lives of an addict, an ex-con, and a luchador collide when an organ harvesting caper goes very, very wrong. Kageyama (Sho Sakurai) works as the butler for rich heiress Reiko Hosho (Keiko Kitagawa). Reiko happens to be a novice detective but lacks certain deductive skills needed by detectives. Because of this Reiko relies on Kageyamaa to help her solve cases. Meanwhile, Kageyama isn't afraid to mince words and often calls out Reiko with his sharp tongue! A docu-thriller that sets out to uncover the details surrounding the life, brief career, and mysterious death of horror filmmaker Karl Atticus, referred to by some as the forgotten father of the "slasher movie." The film includes interviews with various horror historians and aficionados including Eduardo Sanchez (director of The Blair Witch Project), who posits the question: Why, for 40 years, has the story of Karl Atticus been all but eradicated from the annals of cinema history? A young woman, Sonja Daneel, crashes her car near the spectacular Hotel Njala in Hazyview and loses her memory.  Upon her arrival at the hotel, she gets involved with an obsessed family whose lives are controlled by this spooky, eerie hotel. She also quickly discovers that family secrets and an obsession with the past haunt and control their every move.  Sonja soon falls in love with the enigmatic Ryno Lategan, a tour guide who befriends her and promises to help her regain her memory. But when a vicious axe murderer starts terrorising Sonja, she realizes that she has some strange connection to this hotel in her past and that this connection could cost her her life.  Things change when an eccentric investigator, Lieutenant Conrad Nolte and his assistant, Sergeant Berta van Schalkwyk, start investigating the murders at Hotel Njala and make some startling discoveries that even shock these two hardened investigators. Christopher Gabriel, a young American, suffers from constant nightmares. These dreams have been coming for a long time, and nothing seems to be able to stop them. Suddenly, an unknown group of people kidnaps him and conducts a number of strange experiments. Initially, he is terrified, but unexpectedly, they help him realize that he is not an ordinary guy and is meant to accomplish an important mission. His dreams are the key to the answer. An allergy-ridden, eavesdropping sound engineer and his boisterous new roommate are thrust into a missing girl case when he discovers clues to her disappearance in his neighborhood recordings. A seemingly harmless fit of jealousy between two lovers brings about an increasingly sinister entanglement of events. Hidden secrets are revealed, sly lies are decoded, and eventually the characters begin to show their true colors. In this thriller, gripping until the last minute, nothing is as it appears to be at first sight In 2017, ournalist and filmmaker Marie Nyrerod created this series of topical short films using outtakes from footage she had recorded with director Ingmar Bergman for her 2006 feature documentary BERGMAN ISLAND. A killing spree takes place in a northern China's hospital, an old elevator goes to the 18th floor - underground. A psychological horror film based on the short story by H.P. Lovecraft. Daniel Upton's relationship with his friend Edward Derby is abruptly changed after Edward becomes romantically involved with Asenath Waite, a hypnotist with an odd reputation. As Edward's behavior becomes more erratic and events unexplainable, Daniel investigates. Is it madness...or something far more terrifying? Keegan Dark returns to the the heart of California's winery valleys to make peace with his long-estranged family. Instead, he finds a harrowing mystery that endangers his family's lives and livelihood. Wealthy wine maker Jonathan Bragg (Keith Carradine) hires Tuscan wine detective (Gaetano Guarino) to discover the source of a mysterious bottle of wine. Based on Edgar Allan Poe's "The Cask of Amontillado". A family moves into a Model Home and finds more trouble than they bargained for when the mother begins modeling the rest of their lives. A single father struggles to raise his five-year-old son while coming to terms with a trauma from his childhood. A seemingly random series of bombings in a provincial city. The latest target is a public bus route. Detective Chaya chased terrorists and arrested a mysterious man with keen intelligence and physical power. The psychologist in charge of evaluating him is dr. Mariko. After the psychiatric examination, she puts toward a hypothesis - "Is it possible he was born without emotions?" When Lucian and Miranda are left alone in an isolated mansion for the weekend, their mutual attraction grows, as does their unease about the whereabouts of Miranda's ex-boyfriend who may be hiding somewhere in the house. Andrew, a young, cocky man, misbehaves in a restaurant, something he will regret soon. When suppressed memories of an abusive childhood begin to surface, a door is opened that was better left closed. A drama centered on people who seek validation by broadcasting their lives to as big an audience as possible. The compelling feature-length documentary film, by director Barry Ptolemy, chronicles the life and controversial ideas of luminary Ray Kurzweil. For more than three decades, inventor, futures, and New York Times best-selling author Ray Kurzweil has been one of the most respected and provocative advocates of the role of technology in our future. A terrorist attack in London results in the capture of suspect, and the attorney general appoints Claudia Simmons-Howe as special advocate on his defence team. On the eve of the trial, the accused's attorney dies and a new one, Martin Rose, steps in. Martin and Claudia are former lovers--a fact which must remain hidden--and, as Martin assembles his case, he uncovers a sinister conspiracy that places him and Claudia in danger. Earth as we know it is gone. A virus has destroyed the planet and rendered all its women infertile, all but one. An elite team of soldiers are tasked with bringing the woman to safety on the newly habitable Earth Two. But when they are forced underground they find themselves fighting for survival from an bloodthirsty creature in a maze of ever shrinking tunnels. As the team's ranks start to dwindle, the tunnels shrink and the ammunition run out, the crawl for survival becomes more and more desperate. Cult classic starring Ralph Macchio as a want-to-be blues guitar virtuoso who seeks a long-lost song by legendary musician Robert Johnson. A female TV reporter, Alice is thought dead from an ambush in Southern Philippines. Just when her husband Mark moves on with his life, Alice is found alive. A guy from Croatia is accidentally involved in a world tragedy - the arrival of aliens demanding changes on earth or otherwise we are all gone at 13.11 pm eastern time 21 December... Contemporary reinterpretation of Sherwood Anderson's novel Winesburg, Ohio, tells the story of lost and lonely souls taken to a Chicago Heights boardinghouse, where they struggle with their personal demons.  The haunted Lambert family seeks to uncover the mysterious childhood secret that has left them dangerously connected to the spirit world. An office worker is trapped inside the building where a killer is on the loose. Meagan Mullen, freshly moved in her new home, keeps in touch with her friends and family through a video blog. As her entries (and her life) become more complex and emotional, strange things begin to happen in her room: and the camera captures all of it. Told primarily from the point of view of an ordinary wireless webcam, The Death of April documents the unsettling activity in an otherwise average girl's bedroom - and the mysteries that surround it. KELLY is a beautiful young 16-year old who, like many teenagers, feels her life has become unbearably dark and depressed. Unable to make a meaningful connection with anyone around her, least of all her workaholic mom LAURA LEE, Kelly decides she'd rather be with her dad, who died several years before. The suicide attempt fails, but Laura Lee gets an urgent wake-up call and is determined to give Kelly some desperately needed attention. Hoping a change of scenery will help, mom and daughter rent a house for a long summer vacation. THE BIG HOUSE ON THE HILL offers peace, quiet, and ... mystery. A defense attorney begins to suspect that her client, who is charged with the murders of a vacationing family, might be more than meets the eye. A young man is fired from his job at the sea port and begins to stalk his boss and his beautiful wife. After a blood chilling turn of events, he attempts to escape his past by moving into the lavish mansion previously owned by his boss. The embittered young man tries to assume a new identity and lead a luxurious life, but nothing will prepare him for an unsettling visit by a vaguely familiar guest. After that unnerving encounter, the house will no longer be a safe haven, becoming, instead, a twisted and dangerous trap haunted by menacing spirits. During a farewell ceremony for a family friend, Cotton begins feeling as if her body and her consciousness are separating. Different memories, identities and actions are lingering inside Cotton, which aggravate the unusual relationship between herself, her lame boyfriend and her psychiatrist. Becca and Jason might save the world, or destroy it. The husband-and-wife design team have created "Your Friends Close," a video game which forces you to choose between collaboration and backstabbing in a high stakes multi-player competition. At a party celebrating the sale of their game, a sudden betrayal creates an opportunity for one close friend to share in their life-changing success. But at what cost?  A suspenseful, intimate drama with dark comedic elements and a generous dash of science fiction. When a single mother begins to experience symptoms of the stigmata, she seeks the help of a local priest and nun to help her understand what is seen and unseen. A series of brutal, cult-like murders are taking place at a New England college. Josh Greene, a shy freshman, is the lone survivor of a series of murders that are reminiscent of a similar string of killings some twenty years prior. As he seeks to uncover the secret behind the attacks, he is joined by Detective Forrester, who was instrumental in halting the bloodshed before, and his daughter Meg, who had barely escaped being a victim previously. A university student and some classmates are recruited to carry out a private experiment -- to create a poltergeist. Their subject: an alluring, but dangerously disturbed young woman. Their quest: to explore the dark energy that her damaged psyche might manifest. As the experiment unravels along with their sanity, the rogue PHD students, led by their determined professor, are soon confronted with a terrifying reality: they have triggered an unspeakable force with a power beyond all explanation. Sometimes the Dead have unfinished business. A storm from hell brings mysterious strangers . . . who come with secrets. Emma is a struggling romance writer. David is a traumatized war veteran struggling with his past and sleeping in his van. They face an evil and terrifying menace as the strangers appear. Veronica arrives naked. Coby has blood on him. Then the Others come. Sex and murder, lust and deadly vengeance make this a night that the romance writer and her new friend will never forget . . . if they survive. Set in an antique house amidst the haunted saltwater marshes of Cape Cod, like the Sixth Sense, the film marries Hitchcock and the paranormal in a tightly plotted thriller. The Watcher Self is an unsettling psychosexual chiller written and directed by Matt Cruse about one woman's descent into hell. Cora (Karen French) begins her day facing the consequences of a nightmare. Struggling to maintain a normal routine, she engages in a series of emotionally detached encounters and experiences a confusing psychological connection with the strange and elusive Van (Julian Shaw). Then echoes from the past threaten to derail her tenuous state of mind, and Cora becomes increasingly dislocated from her surroundings. Is she going insane, or is it something else? The Watcher Self is about what remains when the layers of sanity are gradually stripped away... and what may or may not be real. Kat Connors is 17 years old when her perfect homemaker mother, Eve, disappears. Having lived for so long in an emotionally repressed household, she barely registers her mother's absence and certainly doesn't blame her doormat of a father, Brock, for the loss. But as time passes, Kat begins to come to grips with how deeply Eve's disappearance has affected her. Returning home on a break from college, she finds herself confronted with the truth about her mother's departure, and her own denial about the events surrounding it... Pro wrestling legend Steve Austin stars as a man with no name, no memory and absolutely nothing left to lose. But when he finds himself hunted by both the FBI and the Russian mob, this amnesiac decides to fight back. Pursuit cannot stop him. Torture will not break him. And with every beating, bullet and betrayal, he'll remember another piece of the horror that took away his career, his family and his identity. Now the puzzle is nearly complete, and one man is about to take back his past...by ending a whole lot of futures. Erica Cerra ("Eureka") and Adam Beach (Flags of Our Fathers) star in this explosive action-thriller about collateral damage, stone cold vengeance, and a double-crossed killing machine known only as The Stranger A casual companion surrounded Anya with such care and love, which she could not even dream of. And all would be well, but in the way of destined to each other Men and Women a lot of obstacles... A documentary of serial killer Wayne Montgomery and his followers. Roberto is a specialist in Criminal Law whose life is thrown into chaos when he becomes convinced that Gonzalo, one of his best students, has committed a brutal murder right in front of the Faculty of Law. Determined to uncover the truth he begins a personal investigation that will soon become an obsession. A small group of survivors are left behind after millions of people suddenly vanish during the rapture and the world is plunged into chaos and destruction. An intimate geographic route where the director narrates in first person the story of his grandfather Ludovico, an Italian arrived in Argentina after fighting in World War II. With very few clues begin to map the features of a grandfather he never knew and soon reveals disturbingly contradictory. After she has been dumped by her boyfriend, Pauline allows her sister to take her to a palace on the Italian Riviera.  Instead of savouring the delights of a carefree existence, Pauline prefers to take on the role of an amateur sleuth, convinced that a crime has been committed in the environs.  She ropes a handsome lifeguard into her investigation... After the cataclysmic events in New York with The Avengers, Steve Rogers, aka Captain America is living quietly in Washington, D.C. and trying to adjust to the modern world. But when a S.H.I.E.L.D. colleague comes under attack, Steve becomes embroiled in a web of intrigue that threatens to put the world at risk. Joining forces with the Black Widow, Captain America struggles to expose the ever-widening conspiracy while fighting off professional assassins sent to silence him at every turn. When the full scope of the villainous plot is revealed, Captain America and the Black Widow enlist the help of a new ally, the Falcon. However, they soon find themselves up against an unexpected and formidable enemy--the Winter Soldier. A hypnotic play going inside the mind of a mental astronomer When a crisis threatens to destroy their high school, four teens hatch a daring plan to raise $10 million. Step one? Breaking into the U.S. Mint. An aesthetic journey based on portraits of personalities filmed by the french film-maker Gerard Courant. The resulting film investigates the subject of the portrait under various aspects : universes of forms, colours, rhythms and identities... Miley Stewart (Hannah Montana), Cory (Cory in the House), and Zack and Cody (Suite Life of Zack and Cody) are about to find out that impulsive wishes often result in unintended consequences in Wish Gone Amiss. Zad is a revolutionist who is trying to free his country, but most of his plans went wrong. He has been looking for a woman for more than three years believing that she holds many secrets within herself that are capable of saving him, the entire world and maybe earth! Now he's on a mission to convince her to go with him in order to rebuild what he has destroyed, he believes that she has changed a lot while she believes she has never met him! Will Zad succeed in convincing her and eventually saves the humanity and the planet? (When Time Becomes a Woman) is a film that takes you into a journey of self-discovery. It takes place in one location with two characters only. Could this 70-minute meeting change both of their lives and fate? Could they take decisions that they long feared to take? This first Sci-Fi Arabic film aims to portray human stories within nothing but dialogue and emotions. "[Hutton's] latest urban film, New York Portrait, Chapter III, takes on a unique tone in relation to Hutton's ongoing exploration of rural landscape. The very fact that Hutton is dealing with older footage, with archives of memory more than immediacy, gives it a different texture than his earlier New York films. Hutton always found the presence of nature in the city, not only in his many shots of sky and vegetation, but also in the geometry and texture of the city itself, which seemed to project an independence from the human." (Tom Gunning) A messed-up astronaut runs from the deadly black fog that slowly covers everything. He seems to have only a short memory but he needs to find a way out. We repeatedly follow him through different strange scenes where he seems to meet the same people on an on again, but each time they are different and the stories they tell seem to differ as well. The film focuses on a universal problem solving situation rather than on classic linear storytelling. It is an omnibus; Wayang Koelit (Leather Shadow Puppets) -- Chairun Nissa and Adi Baskoro. Pasar Setan (Ghosts Fair) -- Adriyanto Dewo. Kotak Musik (Musical Box) -- Billy Christian and Adi Baskoro. Loket (Ticket Booth) -- Harvan Agustriyansyah. Palasik (Palasik is a mystical creature of West Sumatra, believed as a beheaded figure who's thirst for blood) -- Nicho Yudifar. A 20 year old, runs away from his conservative father to the remote town where his mother died two years ago. He meets an alluring young woman. They search for answers about his mother's death and discover a terrifying entity in the woods Culloden, Scottish Highlands, April 16th, 1746. It was one of the most mishandled and brutal battles ever fought in Great Britain. Its aftermath was tragic. The men responsible for such a disaster must be exposed. The men, women and children who suffered because of it must be remembered. A drama centered on a mother's relationship with her autistic son. Jeff Bridges, alongside prominent scientists and authors, weaves evolution, emergence, entropy, dark ecology, and what some are calling the end of nature, into a story that helps us understand our place among the species of Earth's household. The story of Jawan of Vellimala revolves around a high-range village called Vellimala , a dam in this village and the people living there. The villagers of Vellimala consider the dam as a sign of their pride. Gopi Krishan, the central character, who took voluntary retirement from military service, reaches Vellimala as a labourer. Varghese is a government employee at the Dam site and Koshi Oommen, another character reaches there for some personal need. These three play the main three male characters in the film. Mamta Mohandas plays the role of a project officer at the Dam site and she also works for the development of the society. The story reveals the incidents happening when these characters and the villagers meet together. This rare film of Steve Carter's play features many of the leading actors of the era before they went on to achieve international fame, was shown on WABC in New York, and has not been seen since. An emotionally charged drama of family, friends, and former lovers confronting the ghost of the family patriarch at his funeral. The story is about a 12 year old girl who loses her mother in an automobile accident. Her father struggles with the loss of his wife and trying to raise his young daughter who believes her father is partly responsible for her mother's death. Belle's maternal grandfather is a changed man since losing his daughter in the accident. He finds it difficult to have a relationship with Belle since she is a constant reminder of her mother. It is Atticus the new puppy who will change Belle's life and the lives of those who love her An elementary school principal and a third grade teacher find romance... With his wife's disappearance having become the focus of an intense media circus, a man sees the spotlight turned on him when it's suspected that he may not be innocent. Aashiq, an Australian born Muslim man in his 20's lives a great life, sharing his home with best friend Aly and his lover David. There's just one thing he needs to do: come out to his mother. Bizarre black comedy about 15th-century Paris lawyer Richard Courtois (Firth) who decides to ply his trade in the country, only to find things stranger than he can imagine. His first case turns out to be defending a pig that's accused of murdering a child. And the pig is owned by beautiful gypsy Samira (Annabi), so the idealistic lawyer can fall in love (or lust). There's religion and superstition, there's power struggles, there's ignorance versus knowledge--things sound very modern indeed. A drama centered around the relationship between journalist Michael Finkel and Christian Longo, an FBI Most Wanted List murderer who for years lived outside the U.S. under Finkel's name. Kristen and her son Oliver have just moved into a gorgeous new neighborhood. Recently divorced, Kristen is anxious to help Oliver adjust to the new life and environment. They meet Justin, a handsome and intriguing ex-soccer star who wows Kristen with his good looks and fun-loving spirit. Despite warnings from her ex-husband Jason, she hires Justin as a caretaker for Oliver and offers to let him live in her guest house. But Kristen is being stalked by someone who knows she is new to the neighborhood. Strange and dangerous things begin happening and no one can be trusted. Did Kristen make a big mistake letting Justin into their lives? As an intricate web of lies and deceit unfolds, it's up to Kristen to protect herself and her family (mylifetime.com). Arakshaka is a Kannada thriller, starring Upendra, Sada and Ragini Dwivedi and directed by P. Vasu. The film explores the strange and inexplicable workings of the human mind and deals with fear, darkness and misunderstandings. When a beautiful young housewife is murdered in cold blood, a private community is turned upside down as the killer picks off stay-at-home moms one by one. Two detectives are led into the heart of suburban America, where power, money and sex rule. With time running out and body count growing, can they solve these crimes before more housewives fall prey to the slasher? An elderly nuclear survivor from Bikini Atoll in the Pacific summons a mysterious ancient deity to help reunite his family. A 3D feature film about Sir Edmund Hillary's monumental and historical ascent of Mt. Everest in 1953 - an event that stunned the world and defined a nation. Telly Paretta is a grieving mother struggling to cope with the loss of her 8-year-old son. She is stunned when her psychiatrist reveals that she has created eight years of memories about a son she never had. But when she meets a man who has had a similar experience, Telly embarks on a search to prove her son's existence, and her sanity. Four college students rent and live in a house in Riverside, California. Two of them, Nick and Darren, are film majors at nearby UC Riverside. After receiving an assignment to create a home-made reality show in one of their film classes, they start filming themselves and mount security cameras throughout the house. Unexpectedly, they unearth an ancient Aztec Sarcophagus in their backyard. Unexplained events started occurring at the house following the unearthing of this Aztec relic. Set in the year 2017, the Japanese government attempts to secretly control the DNA of its people. Ryuhei Kagura (Kazunari Ninomiya) is a top scientist in the field of DNA analysis. He works at the DNA analysis institution run by the National Police Agency.  When the inventor of the DNA analysis system is murdered, Ryuhei Kagura's own DNA is found at the murder scene. Ryuhei Kagura becomes the prime suspect and then he becomes a fugitive. Veteran detective Reiji Asama (Etsushi Toyokawa) goes in pursuit. A married couple suspect that the 'smart apartments' in their high tech residence are being used by its owner for sinister reasons. A stranger in the increasingly strange city of San Francisco, Japanese crime novelist Aki is unsure of precisely what role she has to play in a real-life murder mystery involving ambiguous MacGuffins and amorphous identities. Unfolding in lonely places such as bookshops and hotel bars, Dave Boyle's moody thriller uncovers exhilarating new takes on genre conventions. Consequently, it's an alluring l'homme fatal who supplies Aki with the breadcrumb trail of clues that entices her into a labyrinthine plot of sinister dealings. In turn, the aging sheriff (veteran character actor Pepe Serna, fantastic in a rare leading role), who should rightfully be riding to her rescue, proves to be equally out of his depth. The game is afoot, the chase is exhilarating and the stakes are perilously high in this inspired neo-noir. On Saturday, May 17th, 2008, police responded to a residence in a remote area of Bucks County, Pennsylvania for the report of a missing person. Upon their arrival, a routine investigation was performed and it was determined that the situation did not require police intervention. When the police returned the next morning to do a courtesy follow up, the house was immediately found to be the scene of a crime. In a future where MRI technology can read your mind, the trial of the century soon begins when a defendant faces his own memory for a double murder he doesn't remember committing. A young family in Berlin decides to go on an outing into the woods outside of town. Once in the countryside, the little daughter gets an unsettling feeling. Soon, this turns out as a dark foreboding. As the quiet afternoon progresses, for the young family, it will never be the way it was. A woman once possessed by a mysterious entity uncovers a shocking secret about her past and must face the demon that is lurking inside of her. A community rushes to a faith healer after learning that one of them was miraculously healed from a deadly disease by the same person. They are torn apart afterwards as the healing brings them a terrible curse that wreaks harm and death. Having spent his entire life in a dark cell, never seeing the light of day or another human being, the "Captive" is released into society and must learn how to live for the first time as an adult. A brother's journey to unravel the truth about the mythic death and little known life of Kitty Genovese, who was reportedly murdered in front of 38 witnesses and has become the face of urban apathy. Over the course of one feverish day, a harried narcotics detective and his reluctant partner frantically track down a recently released convict who knows a secret from the past. Bambi was neglected and deprived of love as a child.  As an adult, she used sex with men as a way to forget her troubled childhood, until she met and fell in love with Rafael...  A group of paranormal investigators sojourned to the Chicago walk-up where deranged drifter Richard Speck systematically slew eight student nurses back in '66, looking for restless spirits. Their unfortunate success gets shockingly documented in this fear-filled found-footage foray featuring a bright young cast. A story of key-cutter, who has the second sight with the touch of his fingers on any key he receives to copy, and also when his young nephew Selim has one made he is deeply troubled and warns not only Selim but shares his thoughts with the family. The film, freshly out of Cemal Yildirim's camera, the director, is based on the book 'Autumn' written by Ferhat Atik after a true story, a crime, happening in Cyprus in the 70s. Eddie Brewer is an old-school paranormal investigator, being followed as part of a documentary At a climate research station in the Alps, the scientists are stunned as the nearby melting glacier is leaking a red liquid. It quickly turns to be very special juice -- with unexpected genetic effects on the local wildlife. Dr. Mabuse, criminal mastermind - returns in this epic steam punk thriller, in which six interwoven tales document the downfall of Dr. Mabuse and his city "Etiopomar". When desecrated corpses and ritualistic symbols start appearing, the residents of Morningside, New Jeresey, are thrust into an unreal world of darkness. A young woman in the middle of an economical crisis, a little girl who is facing a new environment and a loyal dog that will work as a link between both, will have to spend two nights in an old big house that is falling into pieces. Sounds at night and shadows accompanied with threatening echoes emerging from darkness are constant in the house. Will they be able to undergo the situation and solve the enigma that surrounds the presence that still rounds the house? Leah confesses her true feelings to Chayse in the school library while unknown malice lurks in the hallways. 20 years after a horrific accident during a small town school play, students at the school resurrect the failed show in a misguided attempt to honor the anniversary of the tragedy - but soon discover that some things are better left alone. Two friends' tour of Europe takes a dark turn when one of them contracts a mysterious illness. They race to find out what it is and how to cure it before the sickness consumes him completely. River Miller, a mentally unstable actor haunted by the past, moves to Hollywood to start his life over, only to find his inner demons are inescapable. An unassuming man has a secret past. Trouble follows wherever he goes. Unknowingly, Lisa befriends him and soon discovers the truth behind his past. When a young boy turns up dead in a sleepy Pennsylvania town, a local sanitation truck driver, Donald, plays detective, embarking on a precarious and obsessive investigation to prove the boy was murdered. A mild-mannered college professor discovers a look-alike actor and delves into the other man's private affairs. After ordering enough typewriting paper for 40 years, just to get discount, Heinrich Lohse is forced to retire.  A couple loses their only child in an accident and subsequently unknowingly adopts an innocent looking little girl with paranormal powers that she uses to fulfill her twisted desires. The Colors that Combine to Make White are Important explores the power structure within a failing Japanese glass factory. Two parallel story lines involving the investigation of an suspected employee and that of a stolen painting converge to reveal an exposition on gender and desire. The Post War II story of Manhattan born Mike Esposito, a practiced tailor of custom mens clothing; a man of dignity and honor, whose developing involvements with the Italian mob wraps him up in a world of moral dilemma and clashing values. Bernard Salzmann's thriller Assumed Killer tells the tale of a reporter investigating a serial killer. After she suffers an accident and becomes an amnesiac, she begins to suspect her husband may be the person responsible for the brutal slayings In this pygmalionesque musical, a drab secretary leads a boring life until a good friend intervenes. The friend begins a total make-over upon her friend. First she slathers her in mud-packs, and then she encases her in lovely silk dresses. Soon the plain woman is transformed into an extraordinary beauty. It is no surprise that her boss, not knowing her true identity, falls hopelessly in love with her. Singing, dancing and romancing ensues. Songs include: "A Picture No Artist Can Paint," "You Gotta Be Modernistic," "I'm Telling the World About You," "Maybe Someday," and "Can I Help It." Daughter of a wealthy family is kidnapped and imprisoned underground in a coffin, while her family and the police search for her. This movie was originally shown as an ABC Movie of the Week on September 12, 1972. The story is based on the 1968 kidnapping of Barbara Mackle by Gary Krist. Haykuhi wants to break free of her loneliness and humiliation, but she thinks it is impossible until she meets Anna, a beautiful girl whose life seems perfect. When she discovers Anna's life is no different, she realizes her only chance is to escape. On February 7th, 2003, renowned artists across multiple music genres and generations commandeered the stage at New York City's Radio City Music Hall to pay tribute to their common heritage and passion - the blues. Shared with thousands of fans in attendance, legendary performers from roots, rock, jazz and rap joined forces for a once-in-a-lifetime "Salute To The Blues" benefit concert whose proceeds went to musical education. Newly arrived to a remote desert town, Catherine and Matthew are tormented by a suspicion when their two teenage children mysteriously vanish. Eight years after the disappearance of Cassandra, some disturbing incidents seem to indicate that she's still alive. Police, parents and Cassandra herself, will try to unravel the mystery of her disappearance. A mockumentary about three young student filmmakers as they make a movie about an alleged film director living obscurely in a Buenos Aires mental hospital. In their visits to the mental hospital, the three students will forge a very special relationship with the self-styled former film director as they follow different clues and strategies to discover his 'true' identity. A group of friends must survive a night in the wilderness after one of them is found stabbed to death. The dilemma is whether the killer is out in the woods, or is one of their own. The answer depends on unraveling the six month old mystery of their friend Sophia, who died suspiciously and whose killer was never found. A short film about a woman struggling to survive in the wake of an apocalypse. Jane, a young soldier, is exposed to a biochemical weapon that endows her with self-healing powers. She uses her abilities to fight crime while eluding the military. A vampire seeks out an artist to paint her a portrait so that she can see her image for the first time. The widow of a wise professor stumbles upon one of his inventions that's able to record and play a person's memory. When cornered by a police lieutenant, Eddie Randall advises the officer that he has a gun, then tells him how he came to this moment: Eddie relocated to New York's Spanish Harlem and was seduced by Rita Felton, who offers him work in her import/export business. Michel, a retired math teacher, has lived alone since his wife's death and occupies his time writing an essay about the beliefs that shape daily life. One day he comes across Dora, a young homeless woman, who shows up injured on his doorstep, and puts her up until she recovers. Her presence brings something new to Michel's life, but gradually the apartment becomes the site of mysterious happenings. A small boy discovers a mystical power as a child. He is then separated from his childhood girlfriend. He grows up to be a computer scientist who is hacking into the most secret national and international secrets, as well as being an acclaimed novel writer. His childhood 'finding' gives him amazing paranormal powers. He is reunited with the childhood girlfriend, mystically, on his hospital deathbed... as his relationship with his current drug addict girlfriend is deteriorating. The passions build between the threesome. Mystical, psychiatric and worldly forces rise to prevent him from revealing the hacked secrets. He attempts to reveal all in a Washington DC large press conference, with 'fateful' and dangerous consequences. The story of Leon, an antiques collector who inherits a house from his estranged mother only to discover that she had been living in a shrine devoted to a mysterious cult. Soon, Leon comes to suspect that his mother's oppressive spirit still lingers within her home and is using items in the house to contact him with an urgent message. A wealthy late twenties socialite is forced to take a psych exam in order to take over his late father's hundred million dollar corporation. But when the therapist goes missing all will unveil itself. Two brothers begin a battle to see who will inherit the family business. 15 years after "Lost in la Mancha", Keith Fulton and Louis Pepe come back to follow Terry Gilliam's new (successful) attempt at filming "The Man Who Killed Don Quixote". On a lonely country road, James Mangan hears a voice from his past and comes to realise he is damned. The Earth is invaded by alien parasites aka "slugs" that ride on people's backs and control their minds. A trio of American government agents attempt to thwart this. A mysterious disappearance of a young woman leads her boyfriend on a journey for truth and perhaps his own unknown reality in this dark, hypnotic mystery that transcends the limitations of traditional narrative. In an achievement of imagination, trance master musician Mr. Peculiar teams with visual artist The Shapeshifter to create a sensory feast of sight and sound. Top-quality 3-D animations are perfectly synchronized and integrated with the audio tracks, capturing the hypnotic energy and varied flavors of trance music in a deliciously psychedelic swirl. Special features include a picture gallery and information about the artists. Thomas, the protagonist of this autobiographical film, lives with his husband Felipe in Geneva. They are both film students who love each other and also like women. However, these love triangles result in jealousy, and Thomas has a troubled relationship with his parents. This intimate and exuberant film presents an impressively honest and melodramatic snapshot of a phase in a life The legendary post-apocalyptic adventure of Cooley Moon, in which a mysterious and brutal attack has decimated the world's population, forcing a small group of survivors to stay alive long enough to unlock the mystery that could save them all. Choppertown is the world's first motorcycle documentary about the renowned hot rod and motorcycle club, the Sinners. Modern day greasers, the Sinners are all about the old school. None of them is old enough to have experienced the hot rod heydays of the '50s and '60s, but still they live on the edge of society chopping cars and bikes and searching for vintage parts to make their "Rat Rods", "Trumps", "Mercs", and "Bobbers" into rolling works of art. Abby Knight, a former lawyer turned proud flower shop owner is starting over after the death of her husband with the support from her father, a new business and her daughter off to college. Life is good in the peaceful town of New Chapel but when a black SUV rams her prized vintage car, she's determined to track down the driver. She begrudgingly accepts the help of a new neighbor, the handsome and charming ex-Marine Marco Salvare who just bought the bar down the street. An ex-pastor, whose church was destroyed during Hurricane Katrina, loses his faith and becomes a homeless wanderer. After surviving a near death experience, he mysteriously awakens in a church that is in desperate need of a pastor. Film starring Jack Culbertson, Emily Brooks and Hank Fodor The devil has a stye in his eye, caused by the purity of a vicar's daughter. To get rid of it, he sends Don Juan up from hell to seduce the 20 year old Britt-Marie and to rob her of her virginity and her belief in love. She however can resist him and things get even turned around when Don Juan falls in love with her. The fact that he feels love for the first time now, makes him even less attractive to her and Don Juan returns to hell. A nightmare anti-love story featuring blood and guts, the deep blue sea, tooth decay and scary boyfriends. A young actress has retired from films to marry the son of a prominent and rich politician in New York City. The father objects strongly to the marriage. The actress is being blackmailed by a second-rate artist who has stolen some letters from her that could be misconstrued. During the payoff, she is knocked unconscious, and awakens to find herself involved in a murder and the police have her marked as the number-one suspect. In an attempt to reunite with her dead girlfriend, Maya evokes dark forces through occult rituals, with devastating results. She has opened a portal to hell and must now fight to survive against a small band of angry and deadly spirits, who twist and turn her reality into a living nightmare. November 22nd, 1963 was a day that changed the world forever -- when young American President John F. Kennedy was assassinated in Dallas, Texas. This film follows, almost in real time, a handful of individuals forced to make split-second decisions after an event that would change their lives and forever alter the world's landscape. When Martin and Sol try to solve the enigma of a missing neighbor, they will discover that nothing is what it seems, that your hearing can trick you just like your imagination and that your heart is a double-edged weapon. Underdog baseball team wins 6 games and loses 17 games in the regular season. In a magical way, the team wins 8 games in a row to become the first high school baseball team, in any state, to win a state championship with a losing record. A teenager is stuck in a time loop that is not quite the same each time. She must uncover the truth but her actions have consequences for herself and others. The police force of a remote Midwestern town search for a killer Santa Claus who is picking off citizens on Christmas Eve. In January 2010, CLAY CLAITONOWSKY, a rogue guitar instructor, and three of his teenaged pupils disappeared into the sand dunes of Lewes, Delaware. Thereafter, Clay's estranged son CLIFF makes a pilgrimage to the town, where he forges relationships with his father's acquaintances. As he becomes mired in the unrequited love of his father and an elusive female, the students mysteriously resurface. Seances, co-created with the National Film Board of Canada, presents a wholly new way of experiencing film narrative. By dynamically generating a series of film sequences in unique configurations, potentially hundreds of thousands of new stories are conjured by code. Each will exist only in the moment--no pausing, scrubbing, or sharing--offering the audience one chance to see the generated film. This project, co-created by the ever imaginative Guy Maddin, is a visual discourse on the impact of loss within film. All the sequences pay homage to lost silent films from the early day of cinema. Seances is nostalgic but it is also frequently hilarious. Part of the joy and sadness of Seances is that many possible narratives are created but they can be only viewed once before they disappear forever. Josh wakes each day to a series of Hells. Between uncaring parents and bullying at school he has little to live for. After a brutal event and ensuing humiliation of an online video, Josh and his friends decide to take revenge by staging a massacre at the homecoming dance. Searching for weapons, they find a man who perpetuates a far more murderous darkness than even their plot might suggest. Trapped in his lair, and finding a kidnapped girl from the opposite clique, the boys learn a lot about each other's character and their own. Even if Josh can rescue the captive cheerleader, he must still lead them both out in time to stop his friend from completing the pact to massacre their school. An American Terror is an explosive and surprising modern day horror mash-up. Totally and relentlessly disquieting - great atmosphere and sound and perfectly gruesome. An inexplicable archeological find leads Dr. Peter Kenner to conclude that we are not alone, aliens have visited the Earth in the distant past and have now returned. Struggling to reconcile the evidence with his once held religious views, Peter turns to his uncle, Josh Sanders, a retired scientist and a man of strong Christian faith. Meanwhile, Sarah Pennington seeks protection for her young daughter, Kara, believing the extraterrestrials are bent on abducting the gifted nine-year-old as they did Sarah's husband three years earlier. When the four are brought together by Ethan, a mysterious stranger, Peter and Sarah wrestle with their own beliefs as Josh seeks to convince them of the truth. It becomes clear that Kara has a very special gift-one that can expose the true nature of the extraterrestrials. A contemporary, ensemble drama telling the complex tale of six high school students whose lives are interwoven with situations that so many of today's youth are faced with. The story takes place during a normal school day. At precisely 2:37 a tragedy will occur, affecting the lives of a group of students and their teachers. As the story unfolds, the individual stories of the six teenagers are revealed, each with its own explosive significance. An unwanted pregnancy unravels a terrible, dark secret; all is not as it appears for the seemingly confident school football hero; an outcast must deal with everyday taunts from his peers; a beautiful young girl battles an eating disorder; a stellar student constantly struggles to win his parents' approval; while another uses drugs to escape from his own demons. A group of models find themselves trapped in a factory inhabited by a cannibalistic degenerated family. A group of armed robbers fleeing the police head for the New Jersey Tunnel and run right into trucks transporting toxic waste. The spectacular explosion that follows results in both ends of the tunnel collapsing and the handful of people who survived the explosion are now in peril. Kit Latura is the only man with the skill and knowledge to lead the band of survivors out of the tunnel before the structure collapses. A seemingly homeless man who catches butterflies in the park witnesses a gangland shooting. He's dragged off into a tunnel to be killed, passes out only to awaken to a bloody nightmare - The cops rule it a drug deal gone bad releasing the Butterfly Man. Soon the CIA is on their doorstep looking for a rogue psychopathic agent who disappeared 15 years ago and the only person who has possibly seen him is the Butterfly Man. Thousands of unexplained creature sightings are reported in the United States each year. What are people seeing? How does it impact them? What does this say about us as a nation? These questions are explored in a cross-country trek through America's highways and byways, a journey that explores the phenomena and popularity of cryptozoology in the United States. A group of armed robbers fleeing the police head for the New Jersey Tunnel and run right into trucks transporting toxic waste. The spectacular explosion that follows results in both ends of the tunnel collapsing and the handful of people who survived the explosion are now in peril. Kit Latura is the only man with the skill and knowledge to lead the band of survivors out of the tunnel before the structure collapses. The story of two brothers, David and Jack Meredith, who grow up in a working class family in Melbourne between the First and Second World Wars. Jack is the archetypal Aussie battler, whose greatest dream is to fight for his country. David, the more ambitious and complex of the brothers, takes a path which will lead him to success and ultimately, alienation from his homeland. After the plague kills everyone they know, seven camp counselors quarantined themselves at the Quaker camp where they've spent every summer of their lives. Three months later, their sanity hangs by a thread. When something happens to upset the balance they've spent months establishing, they question their religious beliefs, their friendships and trust in each other, and whether there's anything else out there...waiting in the woods. In the autumn of 1900, outlaw Claude Barbee puts his 'retirement plan' in action, attempting to lead his train-robbing gang across Texas to recover a cash stash hidden after a botched railroad heist. The epic emotional journey of a suburban African-American family -- led by a well-intentioned but domineering father -- as they navigate love, forgiveness and coming together in the aftermath of a loss. A single mother is swept into a dark underworld, while her teenage son discovers a road that leads him to a secret underwater town. In 1957, insurance investigator George Lazarus is tasked with interviewing twelve employees of the Deadly Sin Cigarette Company when his firm receives a suspicious insurance claim. He learns that all twelve had been let go after contracting mysterious illnesses, but before he can report back, Lazarus goes missing without a trace. After his disappearance, his fiancee Bethany and his friend Chip set out to find him - but what they uncover may actually signal the end of the entire human race. In 2012, Casey, a gay teen started a group devoted to the environment and changing the world. In this small Texas town, the haters came out strong against the group accusing them of being a dangerous cult. Casey has a wonderful gift that he sees as a curse. He and his friends flee the small town, leaving the police with video tape clues, blood stained walls, and the testimony of a mentally unstable neighbor to solve the mysterious disappearance of all twelve members of the teen cult called The Tribe. After a series of brutal murders occur in their Hollywood neighborhood, two women search for clues to uncover the identity of a serial killer who is targeting struggling young actresses. Outer space invader Yosemite Sam wants to capture typical earth creature Bugs. An adaptation of Arthur Miller's play. Women are missing. Something is killing. Barry Sagan and the Hedgeworth family must survive. According to demon lore, it takes hundreds of years to attain human form. Even then, lacking a human heart, a demon cannot experience the true pains and passions of existence. However, there is a legend that if a pure human heart is freely offered to a demon, it can become a mortal and experience true life.  Sequel of Painted Skin (2008). This remarkable new documentary explores the story behind one of the most iconic images of the twentieth century: the 1932 photograph of workmen taking their lunch while perched on a girder high above New York City. Martin is a young Argentinean piano virtuoso and composer. For four years, he has been a patient of El Borda psychiatric hospital. Music filled up his life. Now he is trying to return to life outside the asylum walls, while working on his new opus, "Enfermaria". When Damon Miller, a talented, young London filmmaker becomes involved in the disturbing research surrounding Near-Earth Objects he stumbles onto the discovery that the Earth stands on the brink of an extraterrestrial disaster. When Grace is accused of playing a role in a deadly accident, her best friend reaches out from beyond the grave to unveil the truth behind what happened. Twelve severed feet in running shoes found on the shores of Western Canada have baffled Police. A videotape is leaked anonymously from the authorities. This paranormal thriller may solve the mystery of the severed feet. Ridiculously good-looking superheroes Derek Zoolander and Hansel defend people from the dark forces of the fashion world. Wallace, who is burned out from a string of failed relationships, forms an instant bond with Chantry, who lives with her longtime boyfriend. Together, they puzzle out what it means if your best friend is also the love of your life. When a frightening wave of violence sweeps through New York City, troubled cop Sarchie fails to find a rational explanation for the bizarre crimes. However, his eyes are opened to a frightening alternate reality when renegade Jesuit priest Mendoza convinces him that demonic possession may be to blame for the gruesome murders. Together, they wage a valiant supernatural struggle to rid the city of an otherworldly evil. A group of friends went to shoot their film project, but never returned. A few days later, their camera was found. When a young nun at a cloistered abbey in Romania takes her own life, a priest with a haunted past and a novitiate on the threshold of her final vows are sent by the Vatican to investigate. Together they uncover the order's unholy secret. Risking not only their lives but their faith and their very souls, they confront a malevolent force in the form of the same demonic nun that first terrorized audiences in "The Conjuring 2" as the abbey becomes a horrific battleground between the living and the damned. When a modern day Juliet is found dead and her lover Romeo is missing, an investigation begins while feuding families have their own agenda. In 1899, a mysterious stranger's arrival on the outskirts of the Lakota Pine Ridge Reservation seems to coincide with a series of horrific events that closely mirror the atrocity brought to the Lakota natives during the Wounded Knee Massacre. Two brothers - one a priest, one a career criminal - find bloody salvation in a mysterious underground carnival. After the death of their loved ones in a tragic plane crash, Harrison Ford and Kristin Scott Thomas find each other's keys in each other's loved ones' possessions and realize that the two were having an affair and they must figure out all the details. In a seaside California town, best friends Mac and Nick are on opposite sides of the law. Mac is a former drug dealer trying to clean up his act, while Nick is a high-profile detective trying to take down a Mexican drug lord named Carlos. Soon Nick's loyalties are put to the test when he begins an affair with restaurateur Jo Ann  -- a love interest of Mac's -- unwittingly leading his friend into a police-orchestrated trap. An introverted teen sparks with his new neighbor, and together the couple begins to explore the haunted house that is family has unknowingly just purchased. Hypnotherapy and drugs are used to help an amnesiac horror writer, but are the terrifying images that surface real or imagined? In 19th century Baltimore, Isabel Porter, a girl stricken with grief from her parents' untimely death, voluntarily checks herself into the Rosewood Institute. Subjected to bizarre and increasingly violent pseudo-scientific experiments in personality modification, brainwashing and mind control, she must escape the clutches of the Rosewood and exact her revenge, or else be forever lost. After suffering the recent loss of his wife, David Reynolds decides to take his family on a cathartic trip to her home village in Columbia. While en route, they get into a car accident and seek refuge in a secluded inn. While there they find a mysterious young girl, Ana Maria, locked up with cryptic symbols painted on the walls of her cell. Shocked by the treatment of her caretaker, the family sets Ana free only to realize that she is possessed by an evil spirit from centuries past. What's worse, the spirit can jump from person to person, creating a deadly dynamic amongst the once loving family. Now, David must figure out a way to lock the spirit up for good before it destroys him and his family. Tomboy Shreya coaxes her widower father Dev to take her to their ancestral village in Haryana something he is not too keen about. Eventually she gets her way and along with her dad, her brother Sam and granny, she reaches her destination only to understand why her father had been putting off the trip for years. The Mickey Mouse Club's magical mix of entertainment was so captivating to television's first generation of children, watching it became a daily ritual. And on the first day of the show's second season, millions thrilled to the debut of a new adventure series, The Hardy Boys: The Mystery of The Applegate Treasure.  All the cliff-hanging suspense unfolds right here, including the entire Mickey Mouse Club episode that introduced the series. Plus, you'll get clued in to the truth behind the novels' author Franklin W. Dixon, and you'll witness the reunion of Tim Considine (Frank Hardy) and Tommy Kirk (Joe Hardy) at the scene of the crime - Stage 2 at the Disney Studios. A woman tries to exonerate her brother's murder conviction by proving that the crime was committed by a supernatural phenomenon. A thug from the bayou releases horror in the deep backwoods after soliciting the services of a nefarious voodoo witch for protection - giving rise to a terrifying creature of Cajun folklore. Air Force Colonel Kenneth Penmark and his wife, Christine, dote on their daughter, Rhoda -- as does their lonely landlady, Monica Breedlove. But self-centered Rhoda has a secret tendency for selfishness and loves to accumulate gifts, whether given or stolen, in her room. Christine keeps her knowledge of her daughter's darker side to herself, but when a schoolmate of Rhoda's dies mysteriously, her self-deception unravels. Two actresses compete with each other for roles, allowing career and personal jealousy to influence their judgment, resulting in terrifying consequences.  A detective hunts a serial killer who resides within the fashion and modeling industry. Giacomo befriends a man, believing that he is the reincarnation of his dead father. Two sisters in their early thirties find themselves isolated in the Aegean summer cottage of their childhood, as they must deal with their uneasy sibling relationship and confront their devastating recent past past. Explores the tangled relationship between a troubled private investigator and the missing woman he's hired to help find. The Otherworld is an original story and mystical tale inspired by Celtic mythology and Irish legends. One of the most fascinating characters in Celtic mythology, the Warrior Lugh, crosses Woodland heading to Tara to join the court of King Nuada and the Tuatha De Danann. Nuada and his kingdom are at this time oppressed by the Fomorian tribe, and trying to retaliate for their land and freedom. During Lugh's travel, he is bewitched by a faerie (Immrama) to a Beltane celebration, when the line between the human and fairy world are vulnerable and Lugh crosses unaware to The Otherworld - the fairy realm. Lugh and Immrama fall in love. However, they live in different times and worlds... When ten executives secretly meet to sell off their company, they're murdered one by one in this darkly comedic romp through the halls of corporate America. An Australian urban legend comes screaming on the Ozploitation scene. It's said that if you drive down the creepy road of Lemon Tree Passage, and witness a sudden flash of light in the trees, you'll be forever haunted by the tormented spirit of a man killed by thrill speeding teenagers. Wanting to put this old wives' tale to the test, a car-load of non-believers take the supposedly cursed journey and do indeed see a strange manifestation. But it's not the one of popular myth - this sudden possession of one of their number involves another altogether more shocking crime. That of a young girl raped and murdered on the same stretch of highway. As one urban legend trumps another, the scared passengers must sort out the facts of both cases before vengeful justice from beyond the grave can be meted out with moody atmosphere, ghostly thrills and supernatural suspense. Suki is a young woman confronting her destructive mental illness using "The Siamese Burn," an experimental machine designed to eliminate multiple personalities. The closer Suki comes to being "cured," she's haunted by a thought... what if the last unwanted identity turns out to be her? Juliet Forrest is convinced that the reported death of her father in a mountain car crash was no accident. Her father was a prominent cheese scientist working on a secret recipe. To prove it was murder, she enlists the services of private eye, Rigby Reardon. He finds a slip of paper containing a list of people who are 'The Friends and Enemies of Carlotta'. Predestination chronicles the life of a Temporal Agent sent on an intricate series of time-travel journeys designed to prevent future killers from committing their crimes. Now, on his final assignment, the Agent must stop the one criminal that has eluded him throughout time and prevent a devastating attack in which thousands of lives will be lost. Trapped by a storm in a remote country estate, five people confront their past sorrows when a young woman's seemingly miraculous emergence from a years-long catatonic state coincides with the arrival of a mysterious stranger who knows everyone's deepest secrets. Is he a con man, an angel, or a mass hallucination? Three documentary makers, are heading home from Burning Man in their RV and decide to pull off into the desert to camp for the night. Things get creepy. With their 5 RV cams running 24/7, we see everything that happens...even things they don't see. Will and his new girlfriend Kira are invited to a dinner with old friends at the house of Will's ex Eden and her new partner David. Although the evening appears to be relaxed, Will soon gets a creeping suspicion that their charming host David is up to something. A Hans Zimmer concert featuring his film music accompanied by magical lighting effects. Greg,an unsuccessful screenwriter and Rachel,a beautiful journalist research an outbreak of mass hysteria in a small village. They start to uncover a secret about ergot poisoning that has affected this village for years. But the cult activity has been kept a secret by the locals and when Greg disappears, Rachel is left alone to unravel the mystery and save their lives. A woman who survived the brutal killing of her family as a child is forced to confront the events of that day. Tanya is upset about her life when a coworker tells her a story about a former employee, Kelly Cage. Kelly Cage was a woman in free fall a glumly average thirty-something desperately seeking an escape from her horrible life. A former alcoholic loses her daughter, her high profile position and her dignity. She is doing all she can to straighten out and her closest friend is her laptop. Cage discovers blogging about her life experiences is a therapeutic way to release her anxiety, fear and anger. She realizes thousands of people are reading her blog including Detective Jackson. What she reads in Kelly's blogs will change their lives forever. KAFKA'S THE BURROW tells the story of a man's "metamorphosis" (as Kafka would put it) in a rapidly changing and increasingly isolated world. A man (Axel Prahl), who has seemingly achieved everything, ensconces himself in his burrow, a fortress-like apartment complex. But no matter how hard he tries to keep the outside world at a distance, he gets more and more entangled in his own web of fear and paranoia: those outside know he is there, they want him, they want his wealth, and they are inevitably going to get him ... Robert and Taylor Usher expect to be happy in their new house in Northridge, California where years ago, murder and mutilations destroyed the former residents. It doesn't matter to the Ushers, until those who caused the deaths come back, those that live in the earth, those that need, those that are not human. The Ushers new house stands between them and what they must have. Henry's fiancee Beth kicks him out after discovering his audio recordings of their intimate life and his confession that he may no longer love her. After Beth confides in Charlie, a compassionate stranger, Charlie entangles herself in the couple's lives by helping Henry rehearse the perfect sequence of words that will regain Beth's trust. Charlie and Henry's recordings of imagined conversations become a game where intimacy and identity may be real or imagined. A mystery movie. The film tells the story of Martin, a child of nine years, who one day disappears from private school where he studied. Police mounted a major search operation across the city to find him. All hypotheses are possible: What happened? Seattle's Loch Ness: The Lake Washington Sea Monster For hundreds of years the Wonkatilla tribe of the Northwestern United States has worshipped a giant sea creature they call Willatuk, God of Ocean, after it saved their lives during the great earthquake and blizzard of 1736. But now, scientists and hunters are tracking Willatuk to study the creature and possibly kill it. Can Chief Clamintile and his tribe save their "God of Ocean" from the guns and chains of modern man, or is it too late? Learn the answers by watching Willatuk: The Legend of Seattle's Sea Serpent. Like every day, Marcelo gathers her children on the floor of his ex-wife. As each day play "to see who gets there first" them down the stairs, him in the elevator, a diversion that your ex-partner does not like. But when one day Marcelo plays the downstairs children are not. They are not anywhere. The fear begins to emerge when a phone call will catapult the horror: a kidnapper puts a price for the release of their children When an investigative journalist returns home from the Congo to write an explosive book on uranium exports to Iraq, people around him begin to act suspiciously and alarming information about the disappearance of his girlfriend is revealed. A young man Kentaro Saeki (Haruma Miura) keeps failing his bar test and does not know what to do any more. His older sister Keiko is a freelance writer. Kentaro and Keiko begin to search for information on their grandfather Kyuzo Miyabe (Junichi Okada) who dead in the special  forces during World War II.  Their grandfather Kyuzo Miyabe was terrified of death and obsessed with life. Why did he join the special forces? According to his fellow navy soldiers, Kyuzo Miyabe was a genius and also a coward. Kentaro and Keiko then discovers the shocking truth which has been sealed for 60 years. Three converging story lines involving bootleggers, a serial killer and drug dealers are followed. A former drug dealer tries to go straight, but comes across a stash of stolen drugs. Meanwhile, a middle-aged suburban housewife hides a sadistic and vicious streak. Jeff Bailey seems to be a mundane gas station owner in remote Bridgeport, CA. He is dating local girl Ann Miller and lives a quiet life. But Jeff has a secret past, and when a mysterious stranger arrives in town, Jeff is forced to return to the dark world he had tried to escape. An undercover MI6 agent is sent to Berlin during the Cold War to investigate the murder of a fellow agent and recover a missing list of double agents. A family moves into a possessed bungalow. A sudden turn of events in the house leaves them astonished. When things worsen, escape seems to be their last resort. After a chance phone call leads to daily conversations, a widowed restaurant owner and a lonely film actor plan to finally meet in person. Set in New York City, The Elegant Clockwork of the Universe chronicles the immediate days following a young woman, Mala Adou's disappearance, and her boyfriend, Muhammad's dogged drive to find her.  Muhammad Masood is a middle school teacher whose life is turned upside down when he awakens one morning to find his lover, Mala Adou, of six years gone--leaving behind everything. Masaharu Fukuyama reprises his role from 2008's "Suspect X," playing the physicist-cum-detective Manabu Yukawa. The scientist-sleuth arrives in an oceanside town to speak on a panel. But when a man turns up dead outside the inn where he's staying, Yukawa begins to unravel the connections that tie the victim to the activist daughter of the innkeepers, and a precocious boy who first appears on a train--and keeps popping up. It's a Sherlock Holmes mystery with an environmental twist, and one that should please fans of a classic whodunnit. The librarian of the town of New Penzance introduces six animated segments illustrating Suzy's favorite books. Short film directed by Wes Anderson. Segments produced by OneHandClapping with animation direction by Christian De Vita. The story of the forbidden relationship between a 'low born' boy and a 'high born' girl in an alternate reality where every person's relationships and life worth are determined by their innate 'frequencies'. A New York based writer meets an old publisher who offers to send him to Paris for a change of scenery. There, he unwillingly becomes the accessory to a plot to steal artwork from the Musee d'Orsay. Or is this really happening? An erotically-charged drama by the late Park Chul-soo, intertwining stories of three characters whose joy, passion and despair played out on the same bed are tangled like a puzzle. The simple question, 'What happened to the World's Fair?' launches a journey that uncovers the sorted past, present, and future of the United State's role in the largest global event in human history. After his mistress runs over a young teen, a Wall Street hotshot sees his life unravel in the spotlight, and attracting the interest of a down and out reporter. Document of an amateur country-western talent search in Iowa City. The "Summer Camp" horror trilogy was one of the most popular franchises of the 1980s. However, the decade ended and so did director Julian Barrett's career. Now Barrett plans to resurrect his gory series via a modern reboot patterned after reality filmmaking. With his former leading lady and an eclectic group of 10 young "contestants," Barrett returns to the same locale where his old splatter-fests were filmed. When one of the campers is found savagely murdered, they realize there's more at stake than just fame and fortune. Each of them is in a fight for their lives as they realize summer is over - forever. Elang, who lived in the flat, is often haunted by images of bizarre murders involving a killer with a rabbit costume. His efforts to solve the mystery and save the lives of the people he presumed in danger, has in turn trapped him in a downward spiral and he became a suspect himself. In proving his innocence, he will be forced to unveil a horrible and long-buried secret. On a foggy day, Julia's six-year-old son Jens is called missing. Despite a thorough search, the boy is never found. Twenty years later, Julia's father receives one of the shoes Jens was wearing the day he disappeared.  Who sent it? Why? Is the boy still alive? This inexplicable act suddenly awakens a hope in Julia that she might see her son again... or that she could find his body and murderer. As she returns to her father's island, she hears stories of the mythical Nils Kant - a murderer who once was the terror of the island. He is dead and buried for years, long before Julia's son disappeared. But Julia's father uncovers that his death and burial were only a fake. While on his tracks, Julia accepts the help and love of Lennart, a local police inspector. His dark and mysterious past brings him a lot closer to Jens's disappearance that she might think... A family move into an abandoned orphanage and they soon learn that their new home has a disturbing history and that they aren't alone... MP2V - a rare online video format...is specifically designed for streaming terror. Follow a day-in-the-life of two sociopaths as they travel through small town America on a road trip of terror. WATCH them as they document and film their heinous acts and create a psychotic road diary at each and every unnerving turn. MP2V will take you on a journey unlike any other conventional film. MP2V is a film about serial killers...made by the killers themselves. A young man travels to an isolated farm for his lover's funeral where he's quickly drawn into a twisted, sexually charged game by his lover's aggressive brother. A man awakens from his supposed death to discover that he's from a parallel universe. He's fallen in love with his doppelganger's wife here on Earth, which sets off a chain of events that threaten both their lives and mankind. A man recently released from a mental institute inherits a mansion after his parents die. After a series of disturbing events, he comes to believe it is haunted. A man, Joseph, loses his wife at sea, then spirals deep into a world of confusion. The wife's brothers' need revenge! Joseph tries to tell anyone who will listen that a whale killed his beautiful Annabel Lee, but even he doesn't quite remember the truth. A journey into the depths of his mind, a conversation with a whale and blood thirsty brothers. Undead serial killer Joel Winter launches a violent crusade against vampires. A murder takes place. In order to prove his innocence, prime suspect Ryota (Takahiro Miura) imprisons Akane (Natsuna Watanabe) in his room. Akane, who suspects Ryota committed the murder, happened to be at the murder scene. Ryota begins to think out what happened, but becomes nervous that he won't be able to prove his innocence. Akane then offers to help Ryota. Using a computer and smartphone they work together to prove his innocence.  Based on the manga "Kankin Tantei" by Takemaru Abiko (published January 29, 2011 by Jitsugyo no Nihon Sha.). After she drives drunk and hits an old woman, a famous novelist is threatened with a law suit by the woman's son... unless she lets him publish his manuscript under his name. After her father dies, Julie returns home to discover that her mentally fragile mother has fallen under the control of a man who claims to be her new boyfriend. Now, it's up to Julie to save her mom from not only a conman, but also from the split personalities that have made her his victim. After his best friend Mikey goes missing, Karl goes on a search mission to find him in the supposed woodlands he was last seen in. During his search, things take an unexpected turn and Karl finds himself up against not only mother natures fury but a hidden secret that the woods harvest. The decision to enter an unlocked home triggers an irreversible chain of events for Robin and Chris, catapulting them into an alternate reality where they are not as alone as they think. A group of teens discover secret plans of a time machine, and construct one. However, things start to get out of control. Denmark, 2013. Police officers Carl Morck and Hafez el-Assad, sole members of Department Q, which is focused on closing cold cases, investigate the disappearance of politician Merete Lynggaard, vanished when she and her brother were traveling aboard a ferry five years ago. They say that in 1600s, long before the invention of photography, a scientist named Fumagalli, was obsessed with the idea of reproducing images. He discovered that by killing a victim and removing his eyeballs it was possible to reproduce on paper the last image imprinted on the person's retina. He named such tecnique "Thanatography". Today, the same kind of gruesome ritual and abominable crimes r A wise-ass on delivery detail ends up on the wrong side of the mob. College prof Peter Boyd tries to salvage his professional and personal reputation by using a lab chimp to prove that environment trumps heredity in behavioral development. An attractive cop is assigned the task of tracing millions of dollars of stolen church funds. The thief, is locked up in prison, and the plan is to break him out, and follow him to the hidden money. When she falls for the convict, things get complicated. The ex-boyfriend cop is jealous and suspicious. For John Cuttin it all started with the first sip of the wine of her life. A "Marzemino", a typical wine of the province of Trento, quoted by Lorenzo Da Ponte in his libretto for "Don Giovanni" by Mozart.  The instant he tasted the blood-red drop of nectar John felt a sort of pleasant and mysterious explosion of the senses, and from that moment on, his nature is transformed. In just three years, from shy bank clerk and faithful husband became director, tombeur de femmes and the most revered and respected expert on wine in Italy. Just as he had predicted the enigmatic "Professor" who had convinced him to taste his first glass of wine. The only event that the "Professor" with his accent and his piercing blue eyes, had not predicted was that he would soon be charged with the murder of his wife Adele. While being put under pressure by the Commissioner Sanfelice, John is to reflect on the last three years of his life, dominated by a single and mad passion: wine. Cuco, a mexican parrot, goes on an adventure from Mexico to Hollywood in order to get help from El Americano, a famous superhero from TV, against an evil band of birds trying to take control of his family's beloved circus. Malcom McDowell, Lou Diamond Phillips and Robert Englund star in three separate stories set in an eerie mental asylum. When a beautiful and mysterious woman bursts into the office of Leo Falloon, desperate to find her missing brother, it's just another day in the life of a hard-boiled detective. The problem is, Leo's not a detective. He sells novelty advertising across the hall from the detective, but how hard can it be? A mad doctor (Bela Lugosi) and his helpers (John Carradine, George Zucco) lure girls to his lab for brain work, to help his wife. In 14th Century England, this tale of murder and mystery follows a fugitive priest who falls in with a troupe of actors. As they Arrive in a small town, the actors encounter a woman bing sentenced to death for practicing witchcraft and murder. Discarding the expected bible stories, the actors stage a performance based on the crime. Through the performance of the play, they discover a mystery.  A recently engaged woman's life is thrown into turmoil after confessing to her fiance that she once experimented with bestiality. A married couple move into a new house in Dublin. Wife Janice is a weather forecaster and is tricked into working from home by her boss Joe, with whom she has had an affair. Feeling guilty about this affair, she goes to visit spiritual healer Mary and tries to follow her advice. She soon becomes distracted by a bigger issue - she begins to see ghosts in the house. They soon reveal a shocking tale of an unhappy marriage and a possible murder. Janice researches the house's past and finds the visions may have an historical basis. As she uncovers the truth, she is forced to come to terms with the secrets of her own past. Could you forgive the man who murdered your mother? A group of filmmakers sets out to make the first 3D found footage horror movie, but find themselves IN the first 3D found footage horror movie when the evil entity from their film escapes into their behind-the-scenes footage. Three college students spend the night at a supposedly haunted house. TV host Spencer Knights puts his crew in peril by invoking an ancient evil whilst attempting to win the paranormal competition, 'Dark Vision' in the sprawling catacombs beneath a remote gothic tower... A newlywed couple moves into a house in the middle of woods only to discover that the surrounding forest is host to sinister supernatural powers which turn them against each other. One man's odyssey into a nightmarish world of Pagan sexual rituals and Druidic practices, while searching for his history professor who has mysteriously disappeared. Atmospheric & disturbing, this is homage to 80's folk horror with echos of Wicker Man. A young man's confusion in present times. The protagonist is looking for answers to questions that are relevant to many of his peers, coming of age in between a nostalgic socialist childhood and ideas pushed by a young democracy, relentlessly rushing forward. A cure for Alzheimer's. A Nobel Prize. On one remote island, a high stakes battle to solve a medical mystery unfolds. The Illness and the Odyssey gives us an up-close look at the scientific process in the making as we observe internationally acclaimed scientists battling each other to find the cause of a mysterious disease found on Guam - Lytico-Bodig. If the answer is found it may lead to finding the cause and cure of Alzheimer's, Parkinson's and Lou Gehrig's Disease. The film features renowned author and neurologist Dr. Oliver Sacks. In order to revamp the once famous nightclub she inherited from her grandfather, Renae employs lingerie models, which attract more customers, but also an unknown killer. A story about a homeless teenager Chuma and her relationships with police. Using a special camera that can see spirits, a family must protect their daughter from an evil entity with a sinister plan. Seventeen-year-old Jesse has been hearing terrifying sounds coming from his neighbor's apartment, but when he turns on his camera and sets out to uncover their source, he encounters an ancient evil that won't rest until it's claimed his very soul. When Naoko was a freshman in high school she was kidnapped and imprisoned by a man who lived next door. For one month, she went through hell. Finally, she killed the man and escaped. Now as an adult, Naoko is a doctor specializing in infertility treatment, but she also has another side. Naoko is a popular master in a S&M club. New York, 1961. Alexander Ivanov, a high-ranked Soviet bureaucrat, reluctantly defects to the West while is part of a diplomatic mission, feeling the grief of being unable to know the fate of his wife Katya, whom he has had to leave behind in Moscow. Only many years later, in 1991, he will finally find out the truth when his niece Lauren travels to Moscow to participate in a painting exhibition. A 'parapsychocomical' mockumentary look at the production of Australia's newest prestige feature, Weekend of Summer Last, a film that deals realistically with the power of the indigenous supernatural. The arrival of a handsome new farmhand threatens the balance between a farmer and his daughter. When someone murders his beloved cat, Clinton, an adult child, demands justice. Taking it upon himself to solve the case, he teams up with an unlikely ally, Greta, and the two set out to find the culprit lurking in their small suburban town. But as Clinton searches for the truth, he begins to uncover a conspiracy that goes far deeper than he anticipated. A consumer grade DLP projector is powered on without a signal. A young couple discovers a secret room filled with cash while house-sitting for rich friends who die while out of the country. A young couple arrive at a retreat in the English countryside in the hope of saving their failing marriage. But when the people around them start to be picked off by a vicious killer, the weekend becomes a matter of saving their lives. Carmilla comes to a rural town where her mother mysteriously disappeared years earlier. She is aided in her quest by an emotionally troubled local girl, with whom she becomes romantically involved. Their relationship ignites the wrath of the girl's father, who holds the key to the dreadful truth Carmilla is seeking. Inspired by Joseph Sheridan Le Fanu's famed Gothic novella. Best friends since they were kids, Rabbi Jacob Schram and Father Brian Finn are dynamic and popular young men living and working on New York's Upper West Side. When Anna Reilly, once their childhood friend and now grown into a beautiful corporate executive, suddenly returns to the city, she reenters Jake and Brian's lives and hearts with a vengeance. Sparks fly and an unusual and complicated love triangle ensues. Zhao-ping, a young Chinese artist, lives in an artists' community near Bejing with his Japanese girlfriend Hana. One day he sees a black square floating in the sky. When the object lands, a bewildered naked man appears from it. He looks Japanese, but he doesn't know who he is, or where he came from. Zhao-ping takes him under his wing. Is it an alien visitor? Then how is it possible that everyone the stranger meets thinks they know him from somewhere? After a happily married couple running a hot spring resort are awakened to their sadomasochistic desires, their relationship will never be the same. Industrious high school senior, Vee Delmonico, has had it with living life on the sidelines. When pressured by friends to join the popular online game Nerve, Vee decides to sign up for just one dare in what seems like harmless fun. But as she finds herself caught up in the thrill of the adrenaline-fueled competition partnered with a mysterious stranger, the game begins to take a sinister turn with increasingly dangerous acts, leading her into a high stakes finale that will determine her entire future. Escaping death, a Hebrew infant is raised in a royal household to become a prince. Upon discovery of his true heritage, Moses embarks on a personal quest to reclaim his destiny as the leader and liberator of the Hebrew people. The Black Tent is a 1956 British war film directed by Brian Desmond Hurst and starring Donald Sinden, Anthony Steel, Anna Maria Sandri, Andre Morell and Donald Pleasence. It is set in North Africa, during the Second World War and was filmed on location in Libya.During the British retreat through Libya, a British officer takes shelter with a group of Arab Bedouin. He marries the chief's daughter. Sometime later his younger brother, who had believed him to be dead, is informed that he may be alive in Libya - prompting him to set out and search for him. A murder mystery about a young man accused of killing his wife. He's imprisoned but a mystery shrouds the circumstances of her death. Set against the backdrop of postwar Liberia, the film is based on the acclaimed Bai T. Moore novel. A young woman studying the habits of webcam chat users from the apparent safety of her apartment witnesses a brutal murder online and is quickly immersed in a nightmare in which she and her loved ones are targeted for the same grisly fate as the first victim. 20 years after going MIA in Desert Storm, Aaron returns home under mysterious conditions, not having aged since his disappearance, and must reestablish relationships with loved ones before an imminent return to an ambiguous other-worldly existence. A young governess for two children becomes convinced that the house and grounds are haunted. A widow retreats to a remote cottage to recover from a suicide attempt, only to discover the place is haunted. A British propaganda expert goes to Hollywood to solve a CIA murder mystery - but his cameraman has other ideas. In the dead of winter, Kat and Rose, two very different girls, find themselves spending winter break at their prestigious prep school. What they don't know is that Kat is being stalked by an evil entity, and their lives are about to change forever. Meanwhile, Joan, a young, troubled woman, makes her way across a frozen landscape towards the school. But why? A study in family dysfunction, this crime story revolves around a series of interviews with inmate, Joel Stabler, who is being examined by a psychiatrist charged with determining whether Joel is fit to stand trial. Two young friends discover a dream recording machine and start making money out of it. Meanwhile, a man discovers that the screenwriter of his life is dead, and therefore, nothing is going on in his life. Freddie's promos and his stage performances with Montserrat Caballe include eight that have been painstakingly reassembled from the original 35mm film rushes to give them the best-ever visual and sound quality. After a zombie becomes involved with the girlfriend of one of his victims, their romance sets in motion a sequence of events that might transform the entire lifeless world. A newlywed couple disappeared in 1974, their 8mm tapes reveal one of the most horrifying events in Mexican history. A Japanese Yakuza gangster's deadly existence in his homeland gets him exiled to Los Angeles, where he is taken in by his little brother and his brother's gang. A man who suspects his wife is cheating on him begins having nightmarish visions of an evil presence that he believes inhabits his house. A man's (Hugh Laurie) affair with his friend's much-younger daughter (Leighton Meester) throws two neighboring families into turmoil. Images accompanied by an epistle intoned by the filmmaker himself. Set along a backdrop of a fictitious second world war at an international city in Asia. In Japan, Lieutenant Colonel Yuki (Yusuke Iseya) recommends the creation of spy training school "D Kikan". Meanwhile, Kato (Kazuya Kamenashi) is facing capital punishment for his refusal to follow a superior's order. Kato is then scouted by "D Kikan". He goes through a harsh training regiment and faces his first mission as a spy. In order to seize American ambassador Graham's confidential documents "Black Note." Kato infiltrates into an international city. A battle to gain possession of the "Black Note" ensues between Kato, a mysterious woman named Rin (Kyoko Fukada), the British Spy Agency, the Soviet Spy Agency and the radical army in Japan. An ambient video of seven "video-paintings." Presented in vertical format (the television or monitor needs to be turned on its side for proper viewing). Discover the magic of making films Investigative journalist, Jeremy Scahill is pulled into an unexpected journey as he chases down the hidden truth behind America's expanding covert wars, and examines how the US government has responded to international terrorist threats in ways that seem to go against the established laws of the land. Two graduate students and lover's from USF studying Criminal Behavioral Sciences attempt to secure an interview with an active serial killer. Taking place after alien crafts land around the world, an expert linguist is recruited by the military to determine whether they come in peace or are a threat. Maryann moves in with her grandparents after she's orphaned. Desperately lonely, she sets out to befriend a neighboring deathly ill, bed-ridden boy, despite the outright disapproval of his mother. Maryann's persistence pays off, however, and during a series of secret visits she gradually uncovers some seriously sinister goings-on in the house. A man from the countryside lives only with his three daughters. Away from everything and everyone, they face the drama and despair of their own lives. Trying to find inspiration for his next horror novel, Blake retreats to the Appalachian Mountains with his mistress, Angelica. Upon arrival they learn about the case of several missing boys in the area. When Angelica follows a lead to one of the missing boys and disappears, Blake becomes a prime suspect. When you become a detective in Warsaw Indiana - you go to Poker Night, where you play against some of the best cops in the business. They tell you stories about their time on the job - their successes and failures. When new Detective Stan Jeter leaves the game, he is caught by a vicious psychopath and locked in a basement. Using the stories he heard at Poker Night, he must match wits against his captor - and save not only himself, but the young girl trapped in the basement with him. Like Seven and Usual Suspect, Poker Night combines thrills and twists and turns that will leave you guessing till the very end. Orbiting above a planet on the brink of war, scientists test a device to solve an energy crisis and end up face-to-face with a dark alternate reality. In a dystopian future, a totalitarian regime maintains peace by subduing the populace with a drug, and displays of emotion are punishable by death. A man in charge of enforcing the law rises to overthrow the system. Control is the biography of Joy Division lead singer Ian Curtis, taking his story from schoolboy days of 1973 to his suicide on the eve of the band's first American tour in 1980. Sarah &amp; Josh are married suburbanites. After a car accident, Sarah suffers blackouts &amp; ends up pregnant though Josh is sterile. As her life spirals she hides a camera in her home &amp; unlocks a horrific secret with far-reaching consequences. Don Wallace arrives at Slaughterhouse, an elite boarding school in the English countryside where the children of the wealthiest are groomed to dominate society. But the monolithic rules of the British upper class change when greed and recklessness unleash an ancient power hidden for centuries and future predators become helpless prey. The film's plot is set in the backdrop of 26/11 serial blasts in Mumbai, and revolves around Ashok Kumar (Ajith), who is on a mission to expose a scam regarding faulty bullet proof jackets that are provided to security forces, which resulted in many bloody deaths including his best friend and colleague, Assistant Commissioner Sanjay (Rana). The Justified Ancients of Mu Mu, King Boy D and Rockman Rock, try to find and gain access to the mystical White Room. They leave a party at their house and drive in their 1968 US Cop Car through night-time London and the dusty plains of the Sierra Nevada region of Spain. There they face judgement: will they be allowed to enter the White Room? Meanwhile their lawyer David Franks tries to find a loophole to free them from their contract with Eternity.  Graduate student Calliope Girard's orderly life is thrown into chaos by unexplained seizures that unlock buried memories of a violent past. A masked maniac terrorizes the same small community where a murderer known as the Phantom Killer struck decades earlier. Jesse Milton is living the high life - money, surf and a never-ending supply of hot dates - until he discovers his latest blonde bombshell dead. A Newspaper Man wants to be a detective ! A desperate attraction. A beautiful homicide cop goes undercover in the steamy world of modeling to catch a serial killer and becomes enmeshed in a torrid affair with the prime suspect in this erotic thriller starring Lee Anne Beaman and Doug Jeffrey. A young writer believes she has discovered the holy grail of terror, the knives used by Jack the Ripper for his notorious murders. During her wedding ceremony, Rachel notices Luce in the audience and feels instantly drawn to her. The two women become close friends, and when Rachel learns that Luce is a lesbian, she realizes that despite her happy marriage to Heck, she is falling for Luce. As she questions her sexual orientation, Rachel must decide between her stable relationship with Heck and her exhilarating new romance with Luce. Day in and day out, lovers Cynthia and Evelyn enact an elaborate sadomasochistic fantasy as mistress and maid. But as their ritual of domination and submission begins to turn stale, Cynthia yearns for something more conventional, while Evelyn tries to push their taboos even further. Through the film, Ivan makes a couple of odd decisions in order to overcome his detachment. First, he goes along with the wild desires of his girlfriend, Rosa. Later he gets tricked into adopting a pig. At a time when Ivan's life turns absurd, he must find himself; beyond death and unbearable heat. The film is also an allegory about the desire to overcome the current hard times in Mexico. When a mysterious train accident forces a man to change his plans, he is confronted with a series of choices. Each decision he makes leads to a different scenario, each one filmed by a different director with a different cast. Bobby Stano had everything going for him. Fresh out of high school, he was signed to the majors, had a beautiful girlfriend, everything was looking up. That is, until he and his friends get into a fight with a neighboring gang. The confrontation results in an accidental fatality and quickly changes Bobby's life forever. He's found guilty of murder and locked in prison for the next thirteen years. When Bobby is released, he's faced with a vilified reputation, a relationship to rekindle and a new life to find. There is a true story of a woman who died in her apartment and it took people a year to find her body decomposing in a crisp Chanel suit. A young man becomes obsessed with this urban tragedy and disappears, wondering if anyone will notice. A young woman who shares his commuting schedule DOES notice. And when he resurfaces, she decides to follow him setting of a chain of events that bind them together... A widowed child psychologist lives in an isolated existence in rural New England. When caught in a deadly winter storm, she must find a way to rescue a young boy before he disappears forever. Following the tragic death of her parents Fawn Harriman discovers she has inherited a theatre in the town of Amityville. She, along with 3 friends, decides to spend the weekend there looking the place over. Meanwhile one of her High School teachers begins an investigation into the village's past and makes a connection with something that goes back beyond recorded history. Short film by Peter Kubelka.  Arnulf Rainer contorts his mind and body before the camera. A building in Israeli Hebron, which has been deserted by its Palestinian occupants, is called 'The Mute's House' by the Israeli soldiers stationed there and by the tour guides who pass by daily. The building's only occupants are a deaf woman, Sahar, and her 8-year-old son, Yousef. The family's unique story, in the midst of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, unfolds through the eyes of the young and charismatic Yousef, as he goes through his daily routine on both sides of the torn city. Five friends go to a beach house on the Oregon coast for the weekend. Allison is clearly troubled by something but the others don't say a word or intervene. And then she vanishes. Researchers working on a vaccine for Bird Flu suspect they are being used by health profiteers to weaponize the virus. As team members die, they are caught between destroying a potential lifesaving vaccine and potentially creating a viral weapon that could kill millions. To fulfill the last wish of her deceased mother, grieving Holly seeks out love and finds it in Matthew; their relationship swiftly becomes very close and all-encompassing. After receiving the news of Matthew's ailing mother, both arrive to provide care in her final days, only to be faced with a nightmarish reality spiraling out of control. A young medical student finds himself entrenched in a web of intrigue when he's sent to care for the former US Ambassador to Syria. Christopher Cousins, Vivica A. Fox and Missi Pyle co-star in Loomis' thrilling drama. Sebastien is a psychological horror story about dark secrets destroying people and their families from the inside out. On a night of teenage partying in the woods, Paige unwittingly sets in motion a chain of events that plunge her into a waking nightmare. Tormented by terrifying and increasingly violent supernatural visitations, Paige starts digging into the past and uncovers a sinister secret, buried for decades. Behind the force that now haunts her is a malevolent entity of unspeakable evil. As its power grows and her friends fall prey to its savagery, can she (or anyone) stop The Poltergeist of Borley Forest? The world is deprived of sleep. In Sona Spa you can buy sleep for yourself. Here, women (Sleep Workers) sleep for you, not with you. A local reporter and her assembled TV crew go into a school haunted by a horrific past. The team spends the night locked inside the building, capturing any and everything they find. A rich man's daughter is held captive in an abandoned apartment by two former convicts who abducted her and hold her ransom in exchange for her father's money. Directed by Gabriele Salvatores, Amnesia takes place in the Spanish island of Ibiza, where an odd mix of commercialism, ex-hippies, fisherman, and artists co-exist. Town locals Sandro (Diego Abatantunono), a pornographic film director, and Angelino (Sergio Rubini), the manager of a beachside watering hole, find their very different lives overlapping. Meanwhile, the island police chief (Juanjo Puigcorbe), who is currently at odds with his rebellious son Jorge (Ruben Ochandiano), is investigating the death of a drug dealer (which was accidentally brought on by Angelino). Jorge's plans to move to America have so far been thwarted by his father, but when he finds out about the affair his dad had been having with a male nightclub dancer, he uses it as blackmail fodder. The film introduces us to a father and his son; the older man is obese, unwell, and oppressive in his dealings with the younger, who is also deaf and mute. A series of cryptic, spellbinding episodes reveals a tyrannical paternalism at work that has long since hardened into a closed circuit of mutual pain. Enter a mysterious and beautiful woman of unspecified identity, who becomes an agent of change, embodying both an evolved consciousness and the power of the female as a rebuke to bankrupt patriarchy. Three generations of women who share a strange family tradition: all widowed in extraordinary circumstances; all give birth only to girls. This is the film based on the television series. Young scientist trying to avoid military service in the chemical troops, selects alternative service educator in the Moscow orphanage, which is located in an ancient manor house. By coincidence, a few of his predecessors in this office, died in a strange way. Soon the young man realizes that he got to this place by chance and if he does not break out of the trap into which he was lured circumstances, it will be the next link in the chain constructed by someone. A beautiful schizophrenic woman is pushed over the edge by her husbands elicit affairs and when her hallucinations become reality the Devil comes to take his due. Is Miriam insane or has the Devil come to collect on her promise? A closeted boy runs the risk of being outed by his own heart after it pops out of his chest to chase down the boy of his dreams. In 2008, a deer hunter was taken by something in the Alabama woods. Only his rifle, blood and a 16" footprint were left behind... Five years later, his son seeks revenge. In an abandoned mental institution, doctors carry out secret experiments on unsuspecting patients. The experiments, codenamed Limes, are designed to cure violent episodes within the inmates through new methods of brainwashing and mind manipulation. It is soon discovered by the families of the patients that this is no ordinary hospital. Vickie, short for Victoria, is crowned Queen of England and as such needs to learn the responsibilities of her new post. Victor Terx is a young, attractive, and mysterious man, preacher and leader of a spiritualist sect. He compulsively murders his occasional partners with cruelty. Ambar Atlas is a young stripper at a brothelly nightclub, her beauty is unconventional and her sexuality exultant and perturbing. Christlike, she uses sex as a vehicule to her own destruction due to her inevitable death drive. Ambar and Victor will fall in love viscerally and passionately while they become aware of the proximity of an ineluctable danger that preys on them both. Together they will tortuously travel an esoteric underworld of mediums, witches and false shamans in the search for Ambar's miraculous "cure". Flubs and bloopers that occurred ont the set of some of the major Warner Bros. pictures of 1939. Based upon the play "The Crucible" by Arthur Miller (who wrote the screen adaptation), the Salem witch trials in 1692 plunge the Massachusetts Bay colony into chaos. A girl's obsession with her brother's disappearance leads her on a nightmarish journey through a small town's Gothic landscape where she is faced with a deadly proposition. How far will she go to save the people she loves? Trapped in their New York brownstone's panic room, a hidden chamber built as a sanctuary in the event of break-ins, newly divorced Meg Altman and her young daughter Sarah play a deadly game of cat-and-mouse with three intruders - Burnham, Raoul and Junior - during a brutal home invasion. But the room itself is the focal point because what the intruders really want is inside it. Set in the nuclear war-torn world of 2040, a congested city is shrouded in a deadly smog, where breathable air is obtainable only through labyrinth shafts that transport the precious gas from high in the atmosphere. These passages are kept functioning by an elite 'Air Force'. The team risk annihilation to expose a deadly blackmail scheme. When Lou, who has become the "father of the Internet," is shot by an unknown assailant, Jacob and Nick fire up the time machine again to save their friend. Scott Rantzen (Brady Simenson) is a horror movie loving misfit who is teased by the popular students in school. When a date with the very popular and very beautiful Erica Carpenter (Stephanie Leigh Rose) backfires, he feels as though his life is ruined. Ten years later, the gang reunite for their class reunion. Little do they know that someone is waiting for them and ready to see that they pay for what they did. Is Scott back for revenge and will the old gang survive to tell the tale? It'll be more gore for Class of 04. A young woman returns an elderly widow's lost purse, leading to an unlikely relationship between the two -- until the young woman discovers her elder might not be all that she seems. Banking Hours 10 to 4 is a suspense thriller happening in a bank as a person gets killed inside the bank premises and the suspense is revealed within the banking hours of 10 to 4. After being hypnotized by his sister in law, Tom Witzky begins seeing haunting visions of a girl's ghost and a mystery begins to unfold around her. Danny is a young cop partnered with Nick, a seasoned but ethically tainted veteran. As the two try to stop a gang war in Chinatown, Danny relies on Nick but grows increasingly uncomfortable with the way Nick gets things done. A feel-good, heart-warming film set in Yorkshire in 1977 about an adolescent boy's big summer after leaving school. It's about a boy and a dog, class and ambition, first love, and above all, family. Pierre Bismuth hires a private detective and a duo of screenwriters to investigate on an enigmatic artwork. He classifies this film under the new found genre 'Fake Fiction'. A mystery film directed by Leslie Howard Gordon. After 20 years of living in Washington, D.C., Mark Klein seeks much-needed solace by moving to the remote wilds of West Virginia. To ease his loneliness, he sends regular video updates to members of his OCD-support group back in the city. But Mark gradually realizes that despite his new, isolated setting, he may not be alone. From the endless woods surrounding his home, something else is watching.  A father and son go on the run after the dad learns his child possesses special powers. This mesmerizing mystery delves deep into the heart, mind, and soul of Mabel, a Mexican muxe (transwoman) who revives past demons when she comes face to face with the people, places and memories of a faraway life. After learning that her dear friend Daniela has suddenly died, Mabel travels back to her hometown of Juchitan, Oaxaca only to discover that everything is both the same and different at once. She soon finds herself immersed in a tale of crime and passion that reveals shocking moments of emotional turmoil and unadulterated truth. Part psychological thriller, part personal love story, Carmin Tropical is a layered exploration of gender and culture in a familiar world turned upside down. A voyeur peeps through a pinhole into a snowbound farmhouse where a masked knife-wielding psychopath dishes out bloody revenge at a twisted family reunion between a young woman and the despicable men who could be her "deadbeat dad." Two goofy Australian musicians take to the American Blues Trail to confront the mysterious legend of the crossroads. A search for the true soul of the Blues begins, as two friends discover they are facing a crossroads in their own lives. Ippei Akabane (Takaya Kamikawa) is an unpopular novelist. He barely makes ends meet writing serials novels under different pen names. Daigo Kurei (Shinji Takeda) is on death row. He killed four women twelve years ago. During his murdering spree, he sent pictures of his decapitated victims with flower decoration to the police. The murders and photos caused widespread panic in Japan.  One day, Ippei is contacted by Daigo from prison. He asks Ippei if he wants to interview him and write his memoirs. Soon, more women are killed in the same grisly manner as the serial murders from twelve years ago. Now, Ippei becomes the prime suspect of the police and Ippei must quickly find the real murderer.  Based on the novel "The Serialist" by David Gordon (published by Simon &amp; Schuster; Original edition on March 9, 2010). Eve, a slightly nerdy Science student, is abducted by Frederick, a crazy-seeming drifter who claims an alien invasion is imminent. He sees Eve as the only one who can stop the impending Apocalypse. Held captive in an abandoned mansion, she undergoes strange and frightening "special training" methods while making various escape attempts. As time passes and clues appear that point towards Fred's claims possibly being true, Eve's whole concept of reality is torn apart. For Rachel growing up requires letting go of the haunting memory of her deceased parents, the influence of her older sister Mona, the masking of long buried secrets and inherited spiritual practices. Elsa, Anna, Kristoff and Olaf are going far in the forest to know the truth about an ancient mystery of their kingdom. A social gathering is rocked to its core when Jack accuses his best friend's wife of infidelity. But as the allegations start flying, it soon emerges that a far more sinister game may be at play... Set in the "not-too distant future", martial law has been declared in The City in leu of a looming earthquake. However, the earthquake is merely a ruse, a story fed to the public so the TWF (True World Forces) can capture an alien spotted over the city some few days earlier. A TWF agent runs into the alien (a *hottie* who can change her appearance, while always remaining - of course - a hottie), and the two go off and, um, compare their respective physiology (yeah, that's it). Linking several genres in a surprising and successful way, Yang Lin's fiction feature debut is an Asian ghost story in which documentary scenes show how incongruous today's reality can look in China. Protagonist Fang Lei lives in material wealth and only has to care for her daughter. One night, a young mysterious lover appears and makes passionate love to her. Lily is haunted by memories while her mother, Ruth, loses her own. An animator dissects his own body, extracting memories, emotions and fears that will nurture his work. As he cuts into his skin, various symbolic objects recalling his past emerge. Reaching the heart, he succeeds in identifying the burden he's been dying to cast off. A young couple need easy money. A few friends join them to plan a kidnap, but nothing goes right when some of them go after revenge and betray each other. A teenager wakes up near a cliff, injured and unable to remember how he got there. He is chained to a man in a suit and there is a gun gaffer-taped to each of their hands. An unknown person soon sends them shocking instructions of what they must do next, as the horror of the situation unfolds with nail-biting consequences. Six members of a media company go on a weekend business retreat at an isolated lodge in the woods. When one of the members goes missing, they discover that the lodge was formerly a private mental institution that had been shut down after allegations of devious misconduct. One by one, they fall victim to the dark secrets buried at the lodge. Mike Regan is a successful, self-made man who has it all: a gorgeous wife, a beautiful teenage daughter and a sleek, state-of-the-art "smart home". But he soon finds himself in a deadly, high-stakes game of cat-and-mouse when his I.T. consultant, Ed, starts using his skills to stalk Mike's daughter and endanger his family, his business, and his life. In a world where there is no privacy, and personal secrets can go viral by the click of a mouse, Mike needs to rely on his old connections to defeat a new kind of nemesis. Chapter 1. Wacken Open Air - 8/2001  Angel In Black  Battalions Of Hate  Nuclear Fire  Chainbreaker  Eye Of An Eagle  Fight The Fire  Running In The Dust  Silver And Gold  Final Embrace  Angel In Black (Rep)  Chapter 2. Black Sun Tour - 10/2001  Chainbreaker  Black Sun  Church Of Blood  Mindcontrol  Under Your Spell  Fear  Tears Of Rage  Armageddon  Living For Metal  Medley  One With The World  Satisfied  Born To Rock  Metal Gods Rachel Singer is a former Mossad agent who tried to capture a notorious Nazi war criminal - the Surgeon of Birkenau - in a secret Israeli mission that ended with his death on the streets of East Berlin. Now, 30 years later, a man claiming to be the doctor has surfaced, and Rachel must return to Eastern Europe to uncover the truth. Overwhelmed by haunting memories of her younger self and her two fellow agents, the still-celebrated heroine must relive the trauma of those events and confront the debt she has incurred. An unlikely friendship unfolds between a young deaf boy, Wesley, and a fugitive criminal who takes refuge in an abandoned barn on the family's rural North Dakota farm. While investigating the kidnapping and murder of a little girl, a detective spots a piece of graffiti that depicts the crime scene perfectly--but the graffiti was drawn a month before the crime took place, and that the artist knows more than he is telling. Five young people wake up dead. Washed up by the tide they scramble to an abandoned beach house, soon realizing that the perpetual night and blasts of pain suggest this is some version of hell. Between in-fighting and attacks by a demonic shadow creature, they recall the collapse of the nightclub that brought them here - and begin seeing hope of a second chance in the cabin's two mysterious paintings... Five friends, battered by life, reunite after twenty years for a weekend in a remote guest house. Their hosts and the mysterious manor itself will challenge them all to see the world through new eyes. When a group of close-knit friends assemble for the marriage of Skylar and Dan, they have no idea they will witness The Rapture and face a series of catastrophic events turning the celebration into a life-or-death struggle. Vivian Maier's photos were seemingly destined for obscurity, lost among the clutter of the countless objects she'd collected throughout her life. Instead these images have shaken the world of street photography and irrevocably changed the life of the man who brought them to the public eye. This film brings to life the interesting turns and travails of the improbable saga of John Maloof's discovery of Vivian Maier, unravelling this mysterious tale through her documentary films, photographs, odd collections and personal accounts from the people that knew her. What started as a blog to show her work quickly became a viral sensation in the photography world. Photos destined for the trash heap now line gallery exhibitions, a forthcoming book and this documentary film. A thriller centered on a couple who makes an old estate their new home and soon begin to see the spirits of dead children. Persephone is the story of three astronauts from Colony One - an enormous space vessel carrying over 20,000 colonists from a dying Earth to the nearest star system of Alpha Centauri in the late 22nd Century. The trio have been dispatched to repair a system designed to shield their new world of Proxima b - also known as Persephone - from the constant and deadly solar flares emitted by the red dwarf star it orbits every eleven days. Persephone is an arid, lifeless world nearly twice the size of Earth with double the gravity. The planet also is tidally-locked - with one side forever facing its parent star while the other remains in unending darkness. Its environment can barely support human life. Yet, after a disastrous attempt to colonize Mars failed decades earlier, Colony One, and its trailing sister ships, are now the only option for the survival of the species. Dominik Graf relocates the story of the same name by Henry James from the 19th century to the year 2001. In midwinter the German illusionist Dirk Ohm arrives in the small town Grong, a place ridden by the disappearance of a young local woman Maria. Dirk soon finds himself searching for Maria side by side with the villagers of Grong; and slowly he falls in love with the missing woman. This fictional story pays tribute to a real character, and to his mysterious disappearance in the winter of 2003.  'You want to put her in a home; you tell her; tell her now!' hisses one brother to the other. But Mother won't go, and their own lives quickly unravel as she clings to life. Director Daisy Jacobs uses two-metre-high painted characters in full-size sets to tell the stark and darkly humorous tale of caring for an elderly relative. The Bigger Picture is quite simply the most innovative animated short you will see this year. A young couple moves into what appears to be the perfect home, but when they discover that they will soon become parents, things begin to fall apart. Rachel, the expectant mother, is haunted by a ghost in a red dress, while Kevin, the soon to be father, has frightening nightmares even while he's awake. The once happy couple is torn apart by horrific events, which all seem to be centered around the birth of their unborn child. A young woman struggles to move on with her life after the death of her husband, an acclaimed folk singer, when a brash New York writer forces her to confront her loss and the ambiguous circumstances of his death. In the 1980s archaeologist Harry Bell came to believe that Glasgow - a city built and re-built on over centuries - was laid out to a hidden design. For years he investigated the lost corners and invisible history of the landscape, plotting his 'Secret Geometry'.  Unknown to Harry, psychiatric patient Mary Ross also wandered the city, visiting many of the same significant places. Her medical case file reveals a poignant quest to understand her troubled past and present.  The Devil's Plantation unites the lives of these two strangers, retracing their steps to reveal an ancient secret and a timeless story of how we all live. A woman vanishes. Her husband inquires into the strange circumstances of her disappearance. Did she leave him? Is she dead? As he goes along searching, he plunges into a world of nightmare and violence... Special event showing the four couples, Marion and Cedric, Jose and Liliane, Huguette and Raymond and finally Emma and Fabien, with friends in completely novel situations. The major difference compared to the TV show? For the first time, they are outside their usual environment! Psychological thriller connecting three different people in the mysterious vortex, trying to untangle the dramatic fight of border between the truth and fantasy. In the 1970s, a foundling lad, Patrick "Kitten" Braden, comes of age by leaving his Irish town for London, in part to look for his mother and in part because his transgender nature is beyond the town's understanding. A debauched young aristocrat entrusts the running of his country house to Tom, the butler, on whom he depends absolutely. Before long the servant begins to dominate his master, to the alarm of the newly hired German nanny who senses sinister, demonic intent in Tom's control of the house. A story about a mostly normal young man who makes the most out of fitting in when he obviously doesn't. Art / Gonzo film about a Voodoo Revenge plot on a crowded plane  The characters we met a little more than a decade ago return to East Great Falls for their high-school reunion. In one long-overdue weekend, they will discover what has changed, who hasn't, and that time and distance can't break the bonds of friendship. Life as the sole sale item in the clearance corner of Eben's Bikes can get lonely. So Red, a unicycle, dreams up a clown owner and his own juggling act that steals the show. But all too soon, the applause turns into the sound of rainfall, as reality rushes back. Red must resign himself to sitting in the corner and await his fate. A psychopathic killer chats up Tina, a school girl, on the Internet and invites her to his house with the intention of raping her and murdering her only to find the tables turned on him. An unexpected pregnancy takes a terrifying turn for newlyweds Zach and Samantha McCall. A young mother and her twin sons move into a rural house that's marked for death. In the rural farm town of Appleton, Wisconsin, a harsh winter has set in and a rogue figure named Mitchell has returned to the town he once terrorized. Maddy Ballister lost her father at the hands of Mitchell and now she's ready to find him and settle the score. Chilling paranormal portmanteau following a researcher who stumbles across a collection of disturbing video evidence she has obtained from a mysterious source including a location recce made by two young filmmakers, Cain and Dion, who venture to the Australian outback in search of an interesting location for their next movie only to discover an ancient swamp spirit called Raluul, and a video diary of a man called Karl Hendry who starts hearing unusual noises once he finds a mysterious doll-house in the attic of his new house in the North of England. On the brink of separation, Ethan and Sophie escape to a beautiful vacation house for a weekend getaway in an attempt to save their marriage. What begins as a romantic and fun retreat soon becomes surreal, when an unexpected discovery forces the two to examine themselves, their relationship, and their future. Night Labor follows Sherman Frank Merchant, a forty-six year old 6'6" Downeaster during his transition from an independent and rugged clam digger by day to manning a factory at night. With his white smock, arsenal of knives, and signature black beret, Sherman performs the tasks of preparing and arranging tools for the day laborers who arrive to their 6am shift. A retired samurai must redeem himself for a crime that he committed earlier in his life. Throughout history, human beings have always been fascinated by the unknown, the mysterious and inexplicable. Perhaps one of the greatest mysteries to face mankind is the question: Is there life on other planets? And, if so, have we ever seen them? Few people realize that the Hudson Valley of New York is a hotspot for reported UFO sightings, ranking at #3 in the United States. Years after walking away from her past as a teenage private eye, Veronica Mars gets pulled back to her hometown - just in time for her high school reunion - in order to help her old flame Logan Echolls, who's embroiled in a murder mystery. A vengeful man intends to poison his former colleague's glass of wine at a fundraising event, but his plot is compromised when he realizes there has been a mix-up. Nicole Zwiren, director of "HIV, A Whole Different Story," interviews top AIDS scientists, doctors, journalists and HIV patients regarding the science, or lack thereof, behind HIV. "HIV, A Whole Different Story," delves deep into the history of how AIDS began in America and how a certain retrovirus ("LAV" or "HTLV III") became the most infamous virus ("HIV"). Witty and resourceful fourteen-year-old Koko solves yet another mystery - aided by his friends. One of them, Tomo, has recently moved to the city and longs for adventure. The boys notice that their new classmate acts curiously. Step by step, joined by their classmate Marijana, they unveil the boy's dark secret. Silverhide is a horror/thriller film exploring government conspiracy and secrets too horrifying to imagine. The breach caused by rock-and-roll music in Mexican society between 1956 and 1964 led many women to join in and promote that change. Unfortunately, the role of women in this musical genre has been historically neglected. This documentary is an attempt to introduce some of these forgotten protagonists of rock, and to assert their place in history. Drawn from a never before seen cache of personal footage spanning decades, this is an intimate portrait of the Sri Lankan artist and musician who continues to shatter conventions. Troubled psychotherapist Peter Bowers is suffering from nightmares and eerie visions. When he uncovers a horrifying secret that all of his patients share, he is put on a course that takes him back to the small hometown he fled years ago. There he confronts his demons and unravels a mystery 20 years in the making. One dark, wet November night in 1605, a group of men planned the most audacious act of terrorism England had ever known. The Gunpowder Plot failed, but why? Based on historical evidence we've made up, behold the controversial truth of what really happened. A couple meet during the Carnival in Ivrea (a little town in northern Italy), feel drawn to each other and have a torrid affair destined not to last long. A divorced mother, her young son and her new boyfriend set out on a road trip through Death Valley and run afoul of a local serial killer. A group of ambitious new filmmakers wants to sell a broadcaster a television program involving ghosts and paranormal events. They have lots of special effects, but special effects aren't necesary when something from beyond is lurking. The outrageous life of Reagan Collins, a model high school student with a "killer" after-school job that involves arranging "accidents" for his classmates' parents. When seasoned police detective Cliff Dawkins starts putting the pieces together, it's a battle of wits to see if Reagan can keep business booming. He is one of the last survivors of the epidemic which has depopulated New Caledonia and transformed Human beings into violent infected creatures. While all the other survivors get organized to run away the country and find safety elsewhere, he goes back to the city with an object in order to try to change the situation. Jean, a forty-year-old struggling, out-of-work actor has hit rock bottom. Although open to any kind of work, he can't get a break. At the unemployment office, his counselor has a rather odd proposal: he can get a job helping the police reconstruct crime scenes, by standing in for the dead victim. Jean's obsession for detail impresses the detectives, allowing him to take a leading role in a sensitive investigation in Megeve ski resort, during low season, after a series of murders A college professor teaching a course called "The Psychology of Fear" brings his students (including a psychic) to his home, one dark and stormy night to tell scary stories. The first involves a young couple whose car breaks down by an old, abandoned house. The second has four trendy teenage girls getting lost in a bad part of town and chased by a pack of vicious dogs. Last, a woman on crutches confronting a stalker at the answering service where she works the night shift. In Ireland, American lawyer Ingrid Jessner and her activist partner, Paul Sullivan, struggle to uncover atrocities committed by the British government against the Northern Irish during the "Troubles." But when Sullivan is assassinated in the streets, Jessner teams up with Peter Kerrigan, a British investigator acting against the will of his own government, and struggles to uncover a conspiracy that may even implicate one of Kerrigan's colleagues. Livingston, a psychic investigator, is asked to attend a seance. Can it be that he has finally discovered a genuine supernatural phenomenon!? Approaching collapse, the nation's economy is quickly eroding. As crime and fear take over the countryside, the government continues to exert its brutal force against the nation's most productive who are mysteriously vanishing - leaving behind a wake of despair. One man has the answer. One woman stands in his way. Some will stop at nothing to control him. Others will stop at nothing to save him. He swore by his life. They swore to find him. When Marina finally calls Gideon, he can't believe his luck in hopeful love. But his happiness is short-lived. Marina only wants Gideon to pretend to be her boyfriend so she can investigate a seance as an undercover reporter. It turns out that Gideon and Marina aren't the only ones with something to hide. Ramona, the not-so-typical medium, suspects there are hidden cameras and her creepy sidekick Errol keeps disappearing when the lights go out. Something's unsettling about Marina's editor, Trevor, and his timid wife, Helen. A dead woman's daughter, Lily, is an unbalanced mess, and her boyfriend, David, is less of a rock and more of a stoner. When the seance turns south, a mournful spirit will ensure all of their buried secrets are brought to light. Claudia dies just before she was about to receive her wedding ring. She decides to come back to Earth with the help of an angel. Voyeurs is an Norwegian drama thriller about psychic men. It is an independent production and shot on DV. The story is about a psychic man, Samuel who falls in love, but his ability gets in the way of an ordinary life. After searching for years for his parents whom he has never met, N Mars finally finds their where-abouts thanks to an old American Super 8 film. This leads him to a desolated region and a house in ruin which hosts stories of sorcery. The story of a reality T.V. crew of paranormal researchers who journey to Colorado's San Luis Valley in order to investigate the unexplained phenomena of cattle mutilations. Over the course of their three day investigation they find much more than they ever could have bargained for. Digital stills and video footage of a child on a beach in Cape Cod, Massachusetts, are manipulated and obscured to create a nostalgic atmosphere of remembrances. The Amiga computer has now been replaced by the Macintosh. The editing program is the Media 100. The Shadow Behind You 2015 movie The young woman, Marie, is an outsider in the small coastal community where she has grown up. The townspeople live in fear of her and not least her mother, who is wheelchair bound, suffering from a mysterious illness. When Marie discovers her body changing - long hair growing on her chest and back - she begins searching for answers concerning her family's hidden past. Something that will have great consequences for herself and her family - and the choices she has to make. An interesting little short about the exploitative system of the 1930's-50's that used cheap Mexican workers (that "cross the border on temporary work permits to *help* with the harvest"). A witness to a car accident is offered bribes by both parties. An amazing murder mystery taking place in a setting that no one would expect the coast of Mississippi. A young woman tried to live a normal life despite a horrible upbringing. But she will learn her past will haunt her once more. After surviving a car accident, two college students are caught up in a dangerous game of cat and mouse with a local resident. They must come together to survive the deadly night and unravel the mystery as to why this man is out to take their lives. A mother travels to Patagonia with her autistic son with the hope that a ranger and a pod of wild orcas can help him find an emotional connection. During a car accident, Vincent Eastman watches his whole life flash before his eyes, and he doesn't like what he sees. While maintaining the semblance of a marriage with his wife, Sally, Vincent has been carrying on with a mistress, Olivia. She's everything Sally isn't -- warm, passionate, carefree. So why can't he choose between the two, especially when his indecision is taking its toll on his daughter? Against a backdrop of deceitful intrigue and sexy escapades, a twin searches for her sister's killer while capturing all the potential suspects on camera. When whites hunger after the gold on Ute Indian land, a bigoted young man finds himself forced into a peacekeeping role. A documentary filmmaker travels to a UFO convention in New Mexico where he meets a local artist with a dark secret. As they follow a trail of clues they discover disturbing sightings and question all they believe when they become immersed in the enigmatic culture of the Pueblo Indians. Upon discovering her husband's infidelity, Sandy leaves the suburbs and moves into the city. There, she befriends Aram, a guy whose wife only married him so she could get a green card. Sandy hires Aram to be her nanny, and  it isn't long until Aram and Sandy find out they get along wonderfully and start to date. But is their relationship real or is it, in fact, just a rebound for both of them? The story of a man who wakes up in bed suffering from memory loss after being in an accident, only to begin to suspect that his wife may not be his real wife and that a web of lies and deceit deepen inside the house where he soon finds himself a prisoner. A man disappears on the same day he makes his fortune in this re-imagining of a true story, which is still unsolved.  In this version of the disappearance of Ambrose Small, the setting has been changed from Toronto, 1919, to Chicago of the same year. Gorgeous cinematography in mostly black and white underscores the racial tensions of the time, while intentional anachronisms and Calgary-raised director Daniel Nearing's postmodern vision give the film an otherworldly quality.  While the investigation of Small's case is a central device, Nearing's real objective is to expose the characters of the time and stoke the flames of mystery.  A documentary film crew investigate a series of brutal killings known as the Black Water murders. As they delve deeper into the story, they stumble upon a horrifying secret. One they may not survive. Ariane Felder is pregnant! This is surprising with her being a young hardened judge with strict morals.  But what is more surprising is that, according to paternity testing, the child's father is none other than Bob, a criminal from the prosecution charged with an atrocious attack!  Ariane doesn't remember any of what has happened, so she has no idea what to expect... A Native American grandmother who lives very simply alone in the desert actually inhabits a world that her half-Hispanic grandson and a white aging magician are surprised to rediscover. Real Gangsters tells the story of the Lo Giacamo family, one of the most successful crime syndicates in New York City. Run by cousins Vincent Lo Giacamo and Jack Lo Giacamo, Real Gangsters shows how these two men maintain control of their dangerous extended family and volatile business ventures by very different means. On the night of an astronomical anomaly, eight friends at a dinner party experience a troubling chain of reality bending events. When an Archaeology student and her friends discover a Nazi bunker called 'Valhalla', their search for stolen pieces of art becomes a nightmare. The place is guarded by a hideous beast, and they find themselves running for their lives. In this paranormal thriller a troubled young man falls prey to a mysterious Native American woman after he arrives in the desert to care for his dying uncle. Terrifying events begin pointing in the direction of a horrible family secret, and Nick ends up finding out more about himself than he ever wanted to know. When a team of explorers ventures into the catacombs that lie beneath the streets of Paris, they uncover the dark secret that lies within this city of the dead. A young American studying in Paris in 1968 strikes up a friendship with a French brother and sister. Set against the background of the '68 Paris student riots. France in the early 60s. Simon, a wrestler, wears a white mask. In the ring, he is known as "The Specter". He suggests to his friend Victor who has just returned from combat to be his adversary in the ring and wear a black mask, and be known as "The Slaughterer of Belleville". But for Victor, still shaken from his experience in combat, this is too much; for once in his life he would like to be the good guy, the one people cheer on. Simon then suggests they switch masks. But it proves less easy to fool the rest of the wrestling crowd... Behind the Redwood Curtain takes us on a mesmerizing journey through the dark and eerie Redwood forest. Seven forest dwellers - loggers, scientists, activists and Native Americans - invite us to discover their part of these impressive woods. There are no Walmarts and Starbucks here, just small towns and big trees. The ancient Redwoods have always kept the region isolated but now that excessive logging is encroaching, the survival of this unique habitat is under threat. Liesbeth De Ceulaer tells a compelling story about the relationship between man and his natural environment in which she entwines her own impressions of the forest with the beliefs, dreams and fears of the forest inhabitants.  In  2010 "Skinwalker Ranch" gained media attention after experiencing a wide range of unexplained phenomena. Reports ranged from UFO sightings to livestock mutilation, but maybe most notable was the disappearance of ranch owner Hoyt Miller's eight-year-old son Cody on November 11, 2010. Close to a year later, Modern Defense Enterprises has sent a team of experts to document and investigate the mysterious occurrences, which only escalate upon their arrival. Tensions rise as the team must decide how far they will go to unlock the mysteries of "Skinwalker Ranch." The group debates whether the answers are worth risking their lives for, or if they should just call off the investigation and leave the ranch--that is, if leaving is actually an option... In this brilliant one-man show, the mild-mannered, thirty-something Steven Banks arrives home after a long day at his dead-end corporate job, still dreaming of being a rock star. Steven receives a message on his machine from his boss, Mr. Buttle, informing him that he never received an urgent speech Steven wrote for the board of directors. Steven must scramble to write a new one, but he has less than an hour to do it. Along the way, he continually procrastinates and distracts himself from the task at hand, playing with toys and various musical instruments, baking cookies, putting on costumes, leafing through an old high school yearbook and performing some hilarious original songs along the way. Meanwhile, he's got to deal with his grumpy landlord Mr. Mescue, his clingy girlfriend Phoebe and even a broken toilet. Will Steven ever finish his speech? Or does fate have something else in mind for him? Graced with a velvet voice, 21-year-old Violet Sanford heads to New York to pursue her dream of becoming a songwriter only to find her aspirations sidelined by the accolades and notoriety she receives at her "day" job as a barmaid at Coyote Ugly. The "Coyotes" as they are affectionately called tantalize customers and the media alike with their outrageous antics, making Coyote Ugly the watering hole for guys on the prowl. A series of demonstrations that illustrate some of the scientific principles involved in magnetism. Young urban couple Ed and Sarah are set to begin a new life when they move from London into an isolated borders Scottish farmhouse. After falling in love with the 19th century Castle Farm and seeing its potential as a fixer-upper they are anxious to get started on the renovations. In bed on their first night Sarah thinks she can hear noises in the darkness but Ed is disbelieving saying it's her imagination playing tricks. Persisting in her fear they are not alone in the house, she forces Ed to investigate. When he doesn't return after a scarily long period, she goes downstairs to investigate only to be confronted by a welcoming committee of masked intruders. As she desperately searches for Ed, a terrifying game of cat and mouse ensues with the mysterious assailants. But what do they want and what horrors do they have planned for the two newcomers? A young couple ventures into the woods to capture footage of the elusive Bigfoot. Passion stories from couples of Rio de Janeiro. This documentary features extraordinary people whose passion for wine led them to create another career as a vintner, including: David Coverdale, lead singer of Whitesnake and Deep Purple Dick Vermeil, coach of the Philadelphia Eagles, St. Louis Rams, and Kansas City Chiefs Tamara Mowry-Housley, star of "Sister, Sister" and "Tia and Tamera" Bob the Steer, former slaughterhouse steer Jonathan Cain, songwriter and keyboardist of Journey Carmen Policy, president of the San Francisco 49ers- Just to name a few! Max is an artist seduced by the allure of fame. Sara is an art critic whose obsessions exceed even his. When she lands a writing gig at a major art magazine, the pair retreats to a cabin in the woods, where Max reveals his strange new painting method. Convinced of its potential, she agrees to collaborate on a piece sure to revolutionize the art world. While both original and mesmerizing, the project reveals something dark and disturbing about their relationship. Like two digital-age Frankensteins, they manage to make a painting come alive - though the unsettling consequences of their success may be more fit for the pages of a blood-soaked tabloid than the chronicles of art history. Maryann moves in with her grandparents after she's orphaned. Desperately lonely, she sets out to befriend a neighboring deathly ill, bed-ridden boy, despite the outright disapproval of his mother. Maryann's persistence pays off, however, and during a series of secret visits she gradually uncovers some seriously sinister goings-on in the house. Gabriel (Maximilien Poullein), an alcoholic and agoraphobic painter struggles to cope with his nights, filled with ultra-realistic nightmares. Nina (Prisca Silie), a friend of his, assuming all of the painter's issues are linked to his addiction to alcohol, decides to assist him with his forced coming off. This is when Gabriel starts being subjected to intense artistic trances during which he inevitably paints portraits of women. Women who are inevitably found, every next day, raped and murdered. Janie is an ambitious student who dreams of a better life. Dee is a gorgeous socialite who dreams of a rich husband. They're already not the best of friends...or the best of roommates. But when Janie gets the opportunity of a lifetime, Dee becomes the roommate from hell as she desperately tries to destroy Janie's life. It's an all out girl-war, leaving a ROOMMATE WANTED. On a peaceful October day a college team and their coaches depart on a three day journey to a national championship. From the start strange things happen on their creaky, rented bus. Just after midnight on the third day, they hit something on the road. For the next six hours in the dead of night thirteen people face their ultimate terror. Trapped and isolated they must recruit all their strength and courage and find every available resource to destroy these mysterious predators. What do they want? Who do they want? It's a fight for survival In the Still of the Night. After unintentionally uncovering proof that a large petroleum company is misleading the public, Maxine Delorme, editor of her university's student newspaper, attempts to expose the fraud. Edgar is living in the shadow of his wife's sudden death. Haunted by vivid hallucinations and a faceless city threatening to swallow him whole, Edgar's world begins to unravel as his nightmares become a reality and Edgar is left with a choice: prison or paradise. A young woman is kidnapped and held captive by two men in a terraced house in a busy London neighborhood. She is slowly conditioned to accept her captivity by threats of death to her young son and by the threat of a mysterious all seeing network that will seek punishment if she were ever to expose her situation. Complex relationships develop between the captors and the woman resulting in an explosive finish in this dark and disturbing drama. A surrealistic anthology of horror films; four segments structured as an intense fever dream... The millionaire Diego Verastegui has been murdered at his house, and somebody has taken a valuable briefcase from the safe-deposit box. Dimas -Verastegui's bodyguard- comes back to the house and finds three suspects: Carlos, the millionaire's son, Anna Karina, a sweet girl, and Andres, a bohemian magician. They retell the scenes of the murder from contradictory points of view, each claiming a different version of who committed the crime. Three college students on a road trip across the Southwest experience a detour - the tracking of a computer genius who has already hacked into MIT and exposed security faults. When the trio find themselves drawn to an eerily isolated area, suddenly everything goes dark. When one of the students regains consciousness, he finds himself in a waking nightmare. A survival specialist encounters poachers and something malevolent while backpacking in the remote wilderness of Montana. When perpetual never-do-well, August, hits rock bottom, he breaks into his rich neighbor's apartment to steal some money. When she turns up badly injured, he panics and hits the road, but he soon realizes he's being followed by an ominous stranger. Will his bad decisions finally destroy him, or can August find redemption? Medical researcher Frank, his fiancee Zoe and their team have achieved the impossible: they have found a way to revive the dead. After a successful, but unsanctioned, experiment on a lifeless animal, they are ready to make their work public. However, when their dean learns what they've done, he shuts them down. Zoe is killed during an attempt to recreate the experiment, leading Frank to test the process on her. Zoe is revived -- but something evil is within her. The sequel is set just weeks after Annie Barlow's deadly confrontation with the Judas Killer. In this elevated sequel, we meet June, a woman whose carefully constructed life is beginning to unravel due to lucid nightmares so awful they disturb her waking life Mumbai Police tells the friendship of 3 police officers, on of them is the Commissioner and other two are Asst. Commissioners who rules the city of Cochin efficiently without any fear. Paralyzed at a young age, Jing (Kwai Lun-Mei) is a kind piano teacher who leads a quiet life. One day, she accuses her doctor Zhou (Chang Chen) of molesting her during a typical medical examination. Zhou is promptly arrested, charged and put on trial. The prosecutor of the case is Tim (Aaron Kwok), an idealistic lawyer who joined the law world to punish the guilty. However, as Tim's investigator Nam (Liu Kai Chi) helps him peel back the pieces, the more complex the case becomes. Soon, Tim begins to question the truth surrounding Jing's story. In order to be with the man she loves, Kim goes back to Japan from Korea. The man saved Kim from darkness, when she was little. But he was raised by Kim's mother under the dark world. Now, he is involved in the criminal world. To protect her love, Kim makes a dangerous plan to get the man from her mother. When hitchhiker Jack rescues Veronique from a road rage altercation, the twosome decide to travel together for safety's sake after learning a serial killer is cutting a murderous swathe through the region. Tired and hungry, they decide against their better judgment to take up an offer to stay the night at a mysterious elderly couple's mansion... Kim Myung-wu studies modern music in Germany and meets Ji-suk, a pianist. She disappears on the day of his recital to get money for her mother's treatment in hospital and no word from her for a month since. He sees through her mother's funeral when she's gone. When there's a fire in the village, Myung-wu witnesses Ji-suk playing piano at the church watching the flame. She sets a fire at a store she was trying to get the money from but the owner reported her. She blamed her mother's death on the store owner and revenged with the fire. She completes the Pyro-Sonata with help of Myung-wu hiding her from police. In a dystopian future, Dredd, the most famous judge (a cop with instant field judiciary powers) is convicted for a crime he did not commit while his murderous counterpart escapes. Mockumentary about the search for the "Challat," an infamous slasher of women's behinds. After the death of her husband, a woman tries to get on with her life, but during a business trip she spots him alive and comes to realize that he faked his death. Somewhere Down the Line follows a man's life, loves and losses, shown through the exchanges he has with the passengers in his car. Fate of five local college students who went missing in the infamous Spiritual Woods is finally unraveled as previously unreleased footage is made public. When Claire Spencer starts hearing ghostly voices and seeing spooky images, she wonders if an otherworldly spirit is trying to contact her. All the while, her husband tries to reassure her by telling her it's all in her head. But as Claire investigates, she discovers that the man she loves might know more than he's letting on. Two childhood friends, 21 years old, who are trying to create a documentary in Wisconsin, struggle to keep their friendship intact after a string of seemingly paranormal events lead to the staggering conclusion that a group of three strangers are behind the activity. Their quest to discover and convict the culprits via evidence captured on camera becomes the new focus on the documentary, resulting in a cinematic endeavor that could prove to be their last. With real locations, real people, and real relationships, this is the realest found footage film you will ever experience. A neurotic couple's obsession with a mysterious puzzle comically unravels their world, disconnecting them from reality and jeopardizing their fragile relationship. There is no escape... From one side of the globe to the other, there is no escaping the faces, the visions, the ever-watchful camera. There is no escaping the mask, there is no escaping the resonating echoes of images and sounds that cross each other over time. There is no escaping the cinema. There is no escaping the terrors of the mind. Josh Fosse is a 20something guy whose life is going nowhere. His girl left, his rent is late, and he lacks a real job. He is trying to make it as an app reviewer online and decides to review a self help app called i-Lived for fun. He's signs on and immediately his life turns around. He meets the girl of his dreams and he gets a job offer he can't refuse. Convinced it's him and not the app, he signs out... and loses everything. He signs on again but this time the terms are different, the app is asking him to do things that are out of his moral comfort zone... but essential to becoming the success the app tells him he can be. James Bond helps a Russian General escape into the west. He soon finds out that the KGB wants to kill him for helping the General. A little while later the General is kidnapped from the Secret Service leading 007 to be suspicious. Aya: Awakenings' is an experiential journey by journalist Rak Razam into the world and visions of ayahuasca, a powerful hallucinogenic plant medicine from the Amazon, capturing the experience and the western dynamic around it in unprecedented detail. After moving to a vineyard with her family, a pregnant woman experiences horrifying visions. A heavy metal band are on tour when their bus breaks down on the outskirts of a remote, rural town. They are helped by a family of God-worshipping locals, but quickly discover that this clan of crazies has murder on their minds and turning them into inventory for their wholesale meat business. The band must fight their way out of this nightmare any way they can, or end up on the dinner table. At his retirement party, a beloved teacher, who should have been celebrated, ends up having his secrets revealed and loses his reputation. In a totalitarian communist state a private detective who works for vodka vouchers searches through a dark urban wasteland for missing children. Carmen Hopper awakens to find that her world has been altered forever. Her husband, Dan Hopper, a compliance officer at a local bank, has disappeared. Upon going to the police, she is introduced to Detective Frank McCoy. As the investigation proceeds, they are confronted by a group of men that are also looking for Dan. They soon learn that Dan has been laundering money for a corporation that funds world terrorist groups. It is only when Dan decides to remove the money from the corporation's account, that he comes up with a plan to keep it and keep Carmen safe. Unfortunately he underestimates to what length they will go to retrieve what belongs to them. Five friends set out to a cabin in the woods for a fun weekend getaway that is, until extraterrestrial visitors turn it into a fight for their lives. The group is pulled from their reverie when a flickering object crashes deep in the woods. As they investigate, the friends stumble across an alien spacecraft, and its inhabitants have not arrived in peace. The young David divides his time between his home and his temporary job to fix and paint the house of someone who has gone abroad. After the arrival of a mysterious device for the homeowner, a restless and irrepressible curiosity takes possession of David. The myth awakens and David will get involved in a tale of greed, obsession, and death, ultimately threatening the most precious: the freedom. An intruder breaks into the home of an unsuspecting family in order to make a home made murder film. A rookie cop's world is turned upside down when she comes face to face with Paymon - King Of Hell. Officer Jessica Loren has the last shift at a transitioning police station, assigned to wait for a crew picking up bio-hazard waste from the armoury. But unbeknownst to her, cult leader John Michael Paymon has haunted the department ever since he committed suicide in custody. Jessica is about to find out just how dangerous he still is, all alone on the graveyard shift............. Unlocking the Mystery of Life represents a unique programming opportunity for local stations. Its broadcast release coincides with the 50th anniversary of one of the greatest scientific breakthroughs in history-James Watson and Francis Crick's discovery that the DNA molecule carries hereditary information in the form of a code that many scientists have likened to computer software or a written language. This discovery (announced on April 25,1953) sparked a scientific revolution. But it also left a fundamental question unanswered. Where did the information in DNA come from? How did the software in the cell arise? Unlocking the Mystery of Life explores these questions through the stories of a growing number of scientists who no longer believe that natural selection or chemistry, alone, can explain life's origin. Instead, they think that the microscopic world of the cell provides evidence of purpose and design in nature. Two troubled youths break out of their halfway house and make their way to one's home. Desperate for a job, Naya lucked out as her best friend offers her a job as a housekeeper at a 5 star hotel by the beach. But the hotel has one strange rule: never open room number 308 under any circumstances. Based on the true legend of Nyi Roro Kidul, the spirit of the Queen of the South Sea that supposedly lives in room 308 in Samudra Hotel. A Mohawk war photographer and a Palestinian refugee attempt to overcome the inertia-inducing forces of culture and politics. Kyle Cole returns home to the town of Kaler Mills. He hasn't been back in 10 years since the people of the town turned on him believing that he was responsible for his brothers death. His brother, Ryan Cole, was the beloved "fair haired boy" of Kaler Mills. Loved by all, hated by none. After his death in a tragic farm accident a video was released that made it seem that Kyle could have prevented his brothers death. Now, armed with a documentary crew, Kyle has returned to face his demons. But he forgot about one of them... This is an 80's style creature feature with a modern twist. Made with practical effects and classic stop motion monster techniques, The Dooms Chapel Horror will keep you on the edge of your seat to the very end. In this short film of Cowan Court, which was completed by 6a architects in late 2016, Rivers has turned his camera onto the interactions between architecture and landscape within which the students of Churchill College, University of Cambridge live and work. A daycare teacher's dreams of a home and family of her own are threatened by the loss of her husband's newspaper job and his subsequent disappearance. In the highlands of Scotland in the 1700s, Rob Roy tries to lead his small town to a better future, by borrowing money from the local nobility to buy cattle to herd to market. When the money is stolen, Rob is forced into a Robin Hood lifestyle to defend his family and honour. "El tercer sendero" is a non-narrative film that explores the borders between life and spectacle, between reason and non-reason, between life and death, between reality and reflection, between job and leisure, between daily and mythical. Thorugh different characters and landscapes there is the progress. The fallout is showed through a former mining city in ruins, between the monsters of  racionality and poetry. In order to save her son's life, Ana embarks on a quest to find a powerful stone from the Zone of Silence in Mexico. Someone finds out the power the stone possesses and believes it is a power worth killing for. The terror continues as two icons of horror face off for a second time. A group of friends go through a series of horrifying events. A suicide that occurred two years earlier is revealed. Victoria Lansang is a popular news reporter who has been requested to mediate a hostage crisis. And in front of a national television audience, something horribly goes wrong and people are killed while Victoria suffers a mental breakdown. A year later, she's eager to get back into the game. However, the only assignment she can get is to do a documentary on the last night of The Diplomat Hotel in Baguio City, a crumbling and abandoned building infamously known for its bloody past and its hauntings. Looking for redemption, she arrives there with her crew and they start filming. But as they get deeper into the night, the place starts to exert its will on them and they find out exactly what monstrous evil awaits at The Diplomat Hotel.  By daybreak, their lives will never be the same again. Leo, a former convict, is living in seclusion on an island with his step-daughter, the daughter of his late wife. Leo was framed by a group of former business associates, and he also suspects that one of them killed his wife. He has invited the group to his island, tempting them by hinting about a hidden fortune, and he has installed a number of traps and secret passages in his home. He is aided in his efforts by a former cell-mate who holds a grudge against the same persons. When everyone arrives, the atmosphere of mutual suspicion and the thick fog that covers the island promise a tense and hazardous weekend for everyone. Dan Warner is a desaturator, tasked with sapping beauty from the world in a future where Color is used as energy. When his superiors suspect that he may secretly be hoarding color in order to support his "unhealthy" passion for drawing, Dan is reassigned to the outer precincts where he is faced with a decision that will decide the course of his future.  During the 1980s, a failed stand-up comedian is driven insane and turns to a life of crime and chaos in Gotham City while becoming an infamous psychopathic crime figure. The police detective Waldo, of immersed and circumspect disposition and temper, investigates several crimes associated with indigenous rituals that occur in some regions of the Peruvian Andes. There we find a boy and a girl who are about to enter puberty and begin to interact with certain mythical beings, a supernatural belief very common in many Andean villages. A sinister character, pretending to be on a mission of faith, but imbued with religious dogmatism and intolerance, interrupts this peaceful scene as he casts an ominous shadow over these ancient Peruvian beliefs. Although Waldo's boss considers him inferior and distrusts his methods (a form of discrimination), the policeman continues his efforts to capture the "Extirpator of Idolatries." At the same time, Waldo will resolve his own inner conflict which has troubled him all his life. A homicide detective teams up with a criminal profiler to catch a serial killer whose crimes are inspired by the children's game, Hangman. A psychological thriller about a young married couple who buys a beautiful Napa Valley house on several acres of land only to find that the man they bought it from refuses to let go of the property. In an attempt to launch their careers, two young actors investigate a disturbing viral video of a French psychic's prophecy. As they shed light on the mysterious footage, their journey will test their friendship, threaten their lives and reveal a most troubling secret. One November evening a late night visitor to a shopping centre brings about a chain reaction of events that lead to a full scale invasion. Have the undead risen from the grave, or is it something far more sinister? The movie Is set in a fairytale village, one lost to old time. This town is on the border between Portugal and Spain. People have lived here for centuries. During the day not much is happening. People who I portrayed are continuously doing the same things. Following the same routine of waiting next to the church, going to the bar for a coffee. But unlike other towns the energy of this village is divided into two parts. As the light starts to settle and darkness takes over the village all of a sudden the mystery and magic that did not exist during the day, knocks on the door of this town. And the viewer finds out that in this village the night belongs to mystery. Once Pedro Chazarreta found murdered in the wonderful gated, El Tribuno newspaper hires retired detective novelist Nurit Iscar/Betibu that is installed in the area and a series of newspaper columns about the case. Along with the Chief of police of the newspaper, Mariano Saravia, and a veteran journalist, Jaime Brena, Betibu starts to investigate the murder. Using an old photo of the adolescence of Chazarreta, which shows him with fellow high school, the Group discovers an apparent connection between this murder and a succession of apparently trivial deaths of members of the photo. At the same time, Betibu must face its past emotional with the editor of the newspaper, Lorenzo Rinaldi, who seeks to restore the relationship. A Communist officer falls hard for a married woman trying to escape from Hungary. Everything you ever wanted to know about Phantasm is right here in this 97-minute feature with interviews from Don Coscarelli, producer Paul Pepperman, Angus Scrimm, Reggie Bannister, Michael Baldwin and Bill Thornbury. When his girlfriend goes missing, David must track down her whereabouts after he realizes she's not who she was pretending to be. Shinobu Takamura (Asami Mizukawa) is an aspiring painter. One day, she is accused of using counterfeit money. Shinobu is confused by the allegation, because she never did such a thing and was at home when the crime occurred. Police Officer Kanou then appears and takes her to a place. When they get there, a group of people are already gathered. All of the people there are concerned over a doppelganger like existence that looks just like them and acts like them. They call that existence "bilocation". Vacationing on historic Nantucket Island, a teenage mystery writer and her friends must outwit two scheming thieves to solve the secret behind a legendary ghost story. Chinese filmmaker Francois Chang studies in Paris. One day, he saw on YouTube a video of a Japanese girl involved in a paranormal event. He decided to look for her in Japan and to record everything. The film is entirely shot by iPhone and Go-pro. A collection of short stories. In one a woman who leaves her house late at night to drive to the store while a killer is loose encounters some problems. In the second an arcade whiz kid's obsession with a game leads to deadly consequences. In the third a small town priest loses his faith and decides to leave town, but in the desert is stalked by a mysterious black pick-up truck. In the final story, a family's problem with a rat is larger than they think. INNER DEMONS follows an 'Intervention'-style reality show crew that films an episode about a sixteen-year old girl, a former A-student, who is fighting addiction but may in fact be suffering from something even more destructive: demonic possession. The movie is an inquiry into the truth about her - with symptoms that straddle the disturbing and scary intersection between insanity, addiction and true possession. Cutting edge technology spawns an enterprise of unimaginable, greed which manipulates life and death as the ultimate profit-making tools.  Benjamin, a young German computer whiz, is invited to join a subversive hacker group that wants to be noticed on the world's stage. kil is a depressed young man who has suicidal tendencies but he could never bring himself to commit suicide. His attempts to die always fail miserably until he finds the perfect solution: a quirky assassination agency that helps kill suicidal people. The assassination will be anonymous. He would not know the details about who the assassin is, even when or where he will die. This was ideal for Akil, until he falls for a girl he meets, Zara. Suddenly, he starts to have second thoughts on taking his life.  Overview Coming Soon... A group of solitary elderly individuals from Armenia, who have been neglected by the society, unify in an amateur dance troupe and prove during each performance that they still can dream, fall in love, amaze and wonder. Based on true events, The Wannabe, a story about Thomas, a man obsessed with Mafia culture during the 1990s in New York City.  When Thomas's failed attempts to fix the trial of infamous mobster John Gotti gets him rejected by the people he idolizes most, he sets off on a drug infused crime spree with his girlfriend and longtime mob groupie, Rose, by brazenly robbing the local Mafia hangouts. New student Kanji transfers to 6th grade 2 class, where Ayami Mutoi works as the homeroom teacher. Students begin to talk among themselves that they have seen new transfer student Kanji in a dream. Yuiko Koto also had a night mare. In her nightmare, a boy that looks transfer student Kanji appeared as a prince. Ayami Mutoi tries to keep that to herself. She actually likes the prince in her dream. Lorraine and Ed Warren travel to north London to help a single mother raising four children alone in a house plagued by malicious spirits. A submarine crew, a feared pack of forest bandits, a famous surgeon, and a battalion of child soldiers all get more than they bargained for as they wend their way toward progressive ideas on life and love. What is striking when you talk with mathematicians is that sparkle in their eyes, and their sudden joyful voice trying to share with you a concept, a theory. They continuously use words such as invention, beauty, freedom. You then ask yourself : how such a rich language, this quasi-philosophical proposition about the world becomes rejected by a majority, 'the only discipline where one prides itself to be bad at it'! A man having marital problems with his shrewish wife picks up a young, pretty and pregnant hitchhiker. Before he knows it, he's in over his head and mixed up in violence and murder. After the FBI receives a threat that endangers the entire city, an interrogator and an I.T. specialist are plunged into a series of mind games with a criminal mastermind, desperately racing against time to uncover the villain's true agenda as they fight to protect thousands of lives. Jennifer and Vince, virtual strangers, find themselves strapped for cash and decide to stage a fake engagement and wedding just for the gifts THE MAN WHO WAS THURSDAY is inspired by the existentialist novel of the same name by G.K. Chesterton (1908). The novel is considered a metaphysical thriller, and our film could be considered the same, though it also can be thought of in more classical cinematic terms a psychological and supernatural thriller. A modern supernatural horror film that explores the dark side of the human psyche, and the terror in facing up to one's darkest fears. Set in London, England, the film begins with a group of theological students who decide to test their faith by proving the existence of Hell. With a tour in Afghanistan behind him, war-torn Chris Jensen struggles to assimilate back to life in California. Drifting and living out of his car, he soon discovers that few are willing to deal with the remnants of a damaged career military man. Chris is self medicating; desperate to silence the echoes from the front lines. When an opportunity finally presents itself, he makes the hard decision to employ his most coveted talents honed in special ops. A job is a job and Chris knows civilian life can be just as cut-throat as time on active duty. But just how close does he have to get to Andrew Warner to secure the kill? In the heat of the summer lays a lonesome house in the countryside where nine year old twin brothers await their mother's return.  When she comes home, bandaged after cosmetic surgery, nothing is like before and the children start to doubt whether this woman is actually who she says she is.  Jake Singer is at loose ends in NYC, and neck deep in psychoanalysis with the outrageous Dr. Morales when he meets the enigmatic and beautiful widow Allegra Marshall. Following a mysterious suicide at Niagara Falls, a low-rent detective unravels a conspiracy to build a revolutionary invention by enigmatic scientist, Nikola Tesla. Three detectives in the corrupt and brutal L.A. police force of the 1950s use differing methods to uncover a conspiracy behind the shotgun slayings of the patrons at an all-night diner. Porter Wren is a Manhattan tabloid writer with an appetite for scandal. On the beat he sells murder, tragedy, and anything that passes for the truth. At home, he is a dedicated husband and father. But when Caroline, a seductive stranger asks him to dig into the unsolved murder of her filmmaker husband Simon, he is drawn into a very nasty case of sexual obsession and blackmail--one that threatens his job, his marriage, and his life. A series of cryptic phone messages and visions haunt a writer while he struggles to finish a novel. As they increase in intensity, he loses his grip on reality, eventually obsessing over an old mystery that will lead to horrific revelations about both him and his loyal wife. A woman grieves for her missing son. A deceased young man wants to be found. These lives converge in The Dead Speak Back as we are taken on a surreal and mysterious journey following in the footsteps of the nearly departed. But at what point do we fall into the mystery too far? When Kanako, a model daughter and a brilliant student, disappears, her mother asks her ex-husband, a violent former policeman, to find her. As his investigation progresses, his idealized image of Kanako cracks: the girl hides a dark life that her father can not even imagine. The first film to expose unsolved wildlife deformity outbreaks and where they may lead.  Based on a true unsolved ecological mystery, thousands of hideously deformed frogs have turned up in the waters of Minnesota. As seen through the eyes of a one-hit wonder single-mother and her 11-year old son, a small town struggles with the unknown when the deadly mutations move beyond the ponds. A man tries to warn his brother away from the new girlfriend he brings home during Thanksgiving, but ends up becoming infatuated with her in the process. A particle physicist grieving over the loss of her husband in a car crash uses a revolutionary machine to bring him back, with dire consequences for her family. A young tech worker takes a job at a powerful Internet corporation, quickly rises up the company's ranks, and soon finds herself in a perilous situation concerning privacy, surveillance and freedom. She comes to learn that her decisions and actions will determine the future of humanity. Though no one can see him, Hollow Face lurks in the corners, desperately desiring love but only knowing how to spread fear and hate. He creeps into the life of John Farrow after Farrow's beloved 13-year-old daughter Mia is assaulted in their home. The line between the real and the imaginary blurs as fissures start to open within the family unit. It seems that no security measure can keep Hollow Face out. When private investigator Jim Noble moves into a beautiful loft complex in Tampa, he never expects to find his first case literally right outside his door - the corpse of one of his neighbors, right in the middle of the complex's courtyard. When he's hired to solve the crime, Jim quickly learns that everyone in the complex has secrets, and that someone was willing to kill to keep their secrets hidden. A young girl stuck in a horrific cycle of familial violence finds the power to build her own future from the place she least suspected in an inspiring tale of friendship and devotion starring Ossie Davis and Della Reese, and directed by Bruce Pittman. For years Jo Ann Foley (Madeline Zima) has suffered under the cruel hand of her ruthless grandfather. A chance meeting with kindly neighbors Honey (Reese) and her husband Too Tall (Davis) finds things looking up, however, as the nurturing couple provides Jo Ann with the support needed to break free of her grandfather's tyrannical grip. As the future lies before her ready to be molded however she sees fit, Jo Ann must now find the courage to let go of the past and seek the redemption needed to start life anew. Headrush is a crime comedy about two disillusioned youths, struggling through a haze of cannabis, who hope to solve all their problems by smuggling a consignement of drugs for a local gangster. It's set in the present day in Dublin, Ireland against the backdrop of the end of the Celtic Tiger: the bursting of the bubble of this economy boom that's supposed to have done wonders for us all. In this anime anthology, a salvage ship crew happens upon a haunted vessel in "Magnetic Rose"; a cold tablet turns a lab worker into a biological weapon in "Stink Bomb"; and an urban populace carries on an endless war with an unseen foe in "Cannon Fodder." An American journalist in Prague searches for his girlfriend who has suddenly disappeared. A girl wakes up in a desert hotel. She can't get out. She can't see outside. But she has sufficient supplies of food and water. She'll have to adapt to live in solitude, alone with herself and her obsessions... Denmark, 2014. A former police officer asks Carl Morck, head of Department Q, to find out who brutally killed his young twins in 1994. Although a local inhabitant confessed and was convicted of murder, Carl and his partner Assad soon realize that there is something in the case resolution that is terribly wrong. A resourceful boy creatively uses poetry to survive when his mother, a disturbed avant garde painter, locks him in a puppet box and builds an art installation around his imprisonment. Tired of scaring humans every October 31 with the same old bag of tricks, Jack Skellington, the spindly king of Halloween Town, kidnaps Santa Claus and plans to deliver shrunken heads and other ghoulish gifts to children on Christmas morning. But as Christmas approaches, Jack's rag-doll girlfriend, Sally, tries to foil his misguided plans. A beautiful girl who has everything. Charming, playful, in her own words: 'too joyful to fall in love.' A sudden car crash, and her heart stops for a few minutes. When she wakes up, everyone assures 'every-thing's alright.' But she knows it isn't. Because she cant remember her final month; a September of her life is missing. Leading a trail of hastily covered clues she finds herself in a remote Aegean island. A weird looking, grubby recluse, comes up-to him and proclaims: 'Don't you remember me? I'm the man you fell in love with.' Everything sensible about her screams 'get out of there' but she follows her memories right onto the tragic end of a miraculous affair. Garralda is a troubled college student who only has to pass one last subject to obtain his academic degree. When his teacher catches him copying on a test, he requires him to perform a very unethical task in exchange for passing and thus achieving his goal. A movie about Geena who is always bullied by the villagers because of his character, which is soft and feminine. His grandmother is the only person who understand him and encourage him to overcome the difficulties that he facing.  Unfortunately Geena was burnt to death and no one knows who did that to Geena. At the same time, Hakim, who stays at the same village starts to see ghosts. Curious about what is actually happening, Hakim's sister decides to investigate the connection between Geena and her brother. A policeman investigates a series of murders in Murano. Detective Ben Walls finds himself in a modern day Dante world, passing back and forth between the present and the future. Surrounded by the residents seeking redemption, Ben is left with the task to find a way out. In the wilderness of British Columbia, two hunters are tracked and viciously murdered by Aaron Hallum. A former Special Operations instructor is approached and asked to apprehend Hallum--his former student--who has 'gone rogue' after suffering severe battle stress from his time in Kosovo. A successful DJ living in a trendy apartment building learns his psychiatrist and new neighbor may be involved in a secret society plot drugging and killing fellow celebrity tenants. David Callaway tries to piece together his life in the wake of his wife's suicide and has been left to raise his nine-year-old daughter, Emily on his own. David is at first amused to discover that Emily has created an imaginary friend named 'Charlie', but it isn't long before 'Charlie' develops a sinister and violent side, and as David struggles with his daughter's growing emotional problems, he comes to the frightening realisation that 'Charlie' isn't just a figment of Emily's imagination.  In a no holds barred documentary, acclaimed journalist Vicky O'Neil sets out on a quest to uncover the truth behind the murder of small town sweetheart Ally Andrews. What she uncovers, leads her down a dark and twisted rabbit hole into the world of superheroes where she gets the chance of a lifetime, an exclusive interview with Charge, the world's Last Superhero. As he chronicles his mysterious origins and bloody career, Vicky begins to wonder, is he still the hero the world remembers, or has he become the villain we all should fear? Christmas wishes come true for Lobo, whose favorite cousin arrives for a surprise visit, and for Glorb, who wishes he could be everywhere at once! A Blanc-Biehn production centered around the idea of a governmentally designed drug created to help correct or strategically alter perceptions gathered during times of trauma or stress. Slated as being a substance that may help solve issues with everything from racial tensions, PTSD and geopolitic battles, first a focused study is needed to see how people respond to treatment and what dosages might be needed. Four couples are chosen to test this drug, and soon find their memories and sanity challenged. Two young women confront a changing dynamic when one gets engaged to be married and the other claims to receive a cryptic message from a mysterious, supernatural stranger. In the prehistoric past, Keda, a young and inexperienced hunter, struggles to return home after being separated from his tribe when bison hunting goes awry. On his way back he will find an unexpected ally. Taxi dancer Charity continues to have Faith in the human race despite apparently endless disappointments at its hands, and Hope that she will finally meet the nice young man to romance her away from her sleazy life. Maybe, just maybe, handsome Oscar will be the one to do it. The story is set in 1947, following a long-retired Holmes living in a Sussex village with his housekeeper and rising detective son. But then he finds himself haunted by an unsolved 50-year old case. Holmes' memory isn't what it used to be, so he only remembers fragments of the case: a confrontation with an angry husband, a secret bond with his beautiful but unstable wife. Film starring Shweta Bhardwaj, Gulshan Grover and Adi Irani As I Walk Through The Valley is a journey into the underground music scene of Texas' southernmost border-region. Follow four generations of Valley musicians as they struggle to find a voice of their own in the land of charro beans and Tejano legends. Villainous Gru lives up to his reputation as a despicable, deplorable and downright unlikable guy when he hatches a plan to steal the moon from the sky. But he has a tough time staying on task after three orphans land in his care. Deep space, at the edge of the galaxy. The future. A new prisoner arrives on top security prison ship and psychiatric research unit Dante 01. Sole survivor of an encounter with an alien force beyond imagining, Saint Georges is a man possessed by inner demons, caught up in the battle to control the monstrous power within him. It's a power that will infect the other highly dangerous occupants of Dante 01, gaolors and prisoners alike, unleashing a violent rebellion that turns this terrifying, labyrinthine world upside down. In the otherworldly hell of the ship's depths, through danger and redemption, each must journey to his very limits... each must confront his own Dragon. When a car bomb explodes on the American side of the U.S./Mexico border, Mexican drug enforcement agent Miguel Vargas begins his investigation, along with American police captain Hank Quinlan. When Vargas begins to suspect that Quinlan and his shady partner, Menzies, are planting evidence to frame an innocent man, his investigations into their possible corruption quickly put himself and his new bride, Susie, in jeopardy. A newlywed couple finds their lake-country honeymoon descend into chaos after Paul finds his wife wandering and disoriented in the middle of the night. "Bull" McCabe's family has farmed a field for generations, sacrificing much in the name of the land. When the widow who owns the field decides to sell it in a public auction, McCabe knows that he must own it. While no local dare bid against him, a wealthy American decides he requires the field to build a highway. "Bull" and his son decide they must try to convince the American to let go of his ambition and return home, but the consequences of their plot prove sinister. Madrid, June 1991. After celebrating a session of Ouija with her friends, Veronica is besieged by dangerous supernatural presences that threaten to harm her entire family. It focuses on two friends, one of whom pursues a relationship with a mysterious woman who part owns a guest house and who he has been dating online. Problems occur when guests at the isolated guest house begin to disappear and the guys discover the truth about the woman and her monstrous sisters and how they must escape from a mysterious island if they want to survive beyond dawn. Seven moments, common situations, broken lives, encounters that, like the image in a kaleidoscope, show up and disappear. An imaginative boy who frequently makes things up witnesses a murder, but can't get his parents or the police to believe him. The only people taking him seriously are the killers - who live upstairs, know that he saw what they did, and are out to permanently silence him. Daivathinte Swantham Cleetus revolves around Cleetus (Mammootty), a dreaded long-haired rogue. He surprises the parish priest (Siddique) by his uncanny resemblance to Jesus Christ in looks and mannerisms. He is roped in by the priest for the role of Jesus Christ for a light and sound show for their upcoming festival. His real self comes to the fore during rehearsals. The fact that he is a goon is revealed, yet the priest decides to persist with him in the belief that the experience of performing the noble character will lead to his transformation. Things change in the life of Cleetus after that. Events that occurred in the life of Jesus Christ start occurring in the life of Cleetus too. What happens to Cleetus and the people surrounding him form the rest of the story.  Vatican investigators are sent to the British West Country to investigate paranormal activity, and they find the events are more disturbing than they first imagined. A twisted new tale of terror begins for a teenage girl and her family, and revealing more mysteries of the otherworldly realm, 'The Further'. Six young people find an old VCR in an abandoned French house. The machine turns out to be magical... or is it cursed? A college professor travels to New York City to attend a conference and finds a young couple living in his apartment. What does it take to admit your overprotective mother is right? Annabel, young and free-spirited living in San Francisco, faces this awful truth when her mother, Joan, unexpectedly visits from her small Midwestern hometown. When Annabel's elderly neighbor passes away, Joan insists it's murder. Annabel dismisses the theory as Joan's usual hysteria about big city living until Annabel herself stumbles across another body right before it disappears. Without evidence for the police, Annabel blunders through a comical investigation with Joan as her only ally and a murderer who may be on to their amateur sleuthing. Ghost Mountaineer is a feature film with some hints of horror, based on actual events in Siberia back in Soviet times. A group of Estonian students on a winter hiking trip suddenly find themselves in the middle of bloodcurdling events in a Buryatian village.  Olle, a closed off group leader disappointed in his mates, disappears in the mountains in the last day of the trip. Open-minded and adventurous Eero and the rest of the hikers are facing a situation they at first do not want to, but later can not solve. But no one is prepared for devastation seemingly conducted by the vanished group leader Olle.  In strange country and amidst strange people, the group will soon find out that past actions and vengeance do not know the thin line between life and death. Prominent defense attorney Tony Lord returns to his hometown to defend an old friend, a teacher accused of murdering one of his students. The case re-opens the heartache from Tony's own high school days, when he was a student falsely accused of murdering his first love. A psychological thriller about a counterfeit painter who figures in a freak car accident that renders him color blind; while recuperating, strange things start happening to him. Two narratives clash violently in this meditative portrayal of disaffected youth set in a graveyard of abandoned mobile homes known as Sunset Edge. We follow a group of four aimless, suburban teenagers - they skateboard the park, sleep in the sun, and rummage through the decaying remains completely unaware that this is where a lonesome teen is confronting a horrific past. Day turns to night, people disappear, and the secrets of Sunset Edge are revealed in a paralyzing finale. he Bhoot of RoseVille Bengali Movie Katie Johnson, a 9-year-old girl, has spent her entire life traveling across America in an RV with her father. At one of their stops, she finds a picture of herself on a missing child poster and realizes her father may actually be a kidnapper. Uncle John revolves around the struggle to keep a mysterious disappearance unsolved A conservative Oklahoma family is shattered when their gay teenage son commits suicide after a bitterly controversial town meeting discussing a proposal for Gay and Lesbian History Month. In their search to unravel the mystery behind his death, they discover a tragic secret, and begin to question their own civic responsibility as they undergo a harrowing transformation from private citizens to public defenders of their son's legacy. A man fights for his sanity when he finds himself trapped on a rural farm inhabited by sinister beings overseen by a mysterious caretaker. During a space voyage, four scientists are altered by cosmic rays: Reed Richards gains the ability to stretch his body; Sue Storm can become invisible; Johnny Storm controls fire; and Ben Grimm is turned into a super-strong ... thing. Together, these "Fantastic Four" must now thwart the evil plans of Dr. Doom and save the world from certain destruction. After a devastating urban wildfire kills her boss, auditor Mercedes Lara must fight to expose a corrupt city government that fronts for an international criminal enterprise. The mystery is unraveled with found footage from a wide variety of sources. An Egyptian gangster, El Ott, divorced his wife, Salma, and left the family soon after his daughter, Amina, was mysteriously kidnapped and lost in Cairo. El Ott discovers that Fathi, a human and organ trafficking monster boss, has recently kidnapped street children from his neighborhood, in order to sell their organs. Take Me To Dinner is a dark comic romantic drama that explores the highs and lows of love, friendship, food and murder.  Meet Edward, an over the hill burnt out assassin. After falling for Jennifer, Edward decides he's had enough of killing and requests for his retirement dinner. It's up to his equally messed up colleagues - Hamm, Teddy, Elijah and Manny, to give it to him. There's just one problem, this dinner will set in motion a series of events that will change their life forever.  It's a film about chance, violence, and human relationships in our modern times. It blends social realism with comedic ondertones to create an unique movie experience. A group of theatre students, celebrating their final show, begin to slowly disappear one at a time. A New York taxi driver stalks a beautiful actress attending the Cannes Film Festival, which coincides with a series of violent killings of the lady's friends. The tentative romance between a gentle Madrid labourer and a working single mother becomes a struggle for survival when the woman's violent boyfriend returns from prison, in the gritty, suspenseful debut feature from Spanish actor Raul Arevalo.  A young man and woman recover from separate tragedies. Unseen forces in the universe work to bring them together for a purpose far greater than themselves. For 19-year-old Jay, fall should be about school, boys and weekends out at the lake. But a seemingly innocent physical encounter turns sour and gives her the inescapable sense that someone, or something, is following her. Faced with this burden, Jay and her teenage friends must find a way to escape the horror that seems to be only a few steps behind. A young man comes to possess a supernatural notebook, the Death Note, that grants him the power to kill any person simply by writing down their name on the pages. He then decides to use the notebook to kill criminals and change the world, but an enigmatic detective attempts to track him down and end his reign of terror. Brother and sister are drawn into a thrilling game of survival, in which they use a bizarre device called SCM to turn others into their slaves. Sixteen-year-old Jennifer Lynn's life is turned upside down when she gives birth to baby Zoe. Being a teen mom is not what she had planned for high school. Her boyfriend Randy refuses to step up and her mother Alicia is not interested in raising another child. But when Zoe is kidnapped, Jennifer's maternal instincts kick in and she will stop at nothing to find her baby. A biopic drama-documentary about the 'King of Pop', that mixes real footage and new interviews with people around him (most notably his mother Katherine Jackson)  with re-enactments of times of Michael's life until his untimely death on the 25th of June in 2009. In 1942 rural southwest Georgia, white preacher Clarence Jordan founded the Koinonia Farm, a commune based on the Christian principles of nonviolence, sharing and racial equality. Through interviews and archival footage, this documentary tracks the history of the farm from its beginnings to its 21st century challenges. The constant target of racist groups during the C Blood Brother takes place on he mean streets of a city in decay, where a recently released convict begins to take a murderous revenge against his childhood friends, whom he believes let him take the fall for a crime they collectively committed. As the bodies start piling up, one of the friends, now a cop, will stop at nothing to put and end to the murderous rampage and to right the many wrongs of their tragically violent past. Having escaped years of imprisonment, vampire warrioress Selene finds herself in a changed world where humans have discovered the existence of both Vampire and Lycan clans and are conducting an all-out war to eradicate both immortal species. Now Selene must battle the humans and a frightening new breed of super Lycans to ensure the death dealers' survival. Tale of Kurdish Yazidi, a small, non- Islamic religious community with close ties to nature. A naive and socially repressed June hits the road with her new boyfriend, Max, on their first romantic trip down the coast. When a hitchhiker suddenly winds up dead in their RV, June can't deny the overwhelming thrill and lust for blood. Kike, Alexis, and Arturo want to film a documentary about urban legends. When they unexpectedly interrupt a strange ceremony at an ancient cemetery, they are forced to join with Michelle and Renato, a nurse who loves to install cameras at places where paranormal activities occur. Together they will unfold a horror that should have never been revealed. A terrifying psychological thriller set near the beautiful landscape of Glacier National Park, Montana. Two high school friends, Travis and Nate, are on a road trip to Canada when they're attacked by mysterious and vicious creatures. Nate is stolen into the woods and Travis will stop at nothing to get him back. Travis recruits Nate's older brother Chris to bring an arsenal and wage war against these monsters in an effort to retrieve Nate. The Real Deal A five-minute experimental film about the internal challenge of a Chinese toy painter as she is swept into a moment of artistic inspiration. Fat Chance is a grassroots Australian story of physical conquest that will change the way you feed your family forever.  This new documentary follows Warren Hepsworth who sets out to ride a pushbike from Perth to Melbourne on a low-carb, high-fat diet. You'll see Warren's preparation for the ride as well as highlights and lowlights from the journey, and the diet change.  The movie attempts to debunk the notion that athletes have to carb load and that you can't get your energy from fat. In the process we learn that much of what we've been told about a healthy diet is wrong. An early video curio pitched between performance art and George Melies' trick films, Drawers sees Colab artist Andrea Callard training her Sony Portapak on a rigged dresser for some endearingly primitive magic. - Max Goldberg Throughout his life Edward Bloom has always been a man of big appetites, enormous passions and tall tales. In his later years, he remains a huge mystery to his son, William. Now, to get to know the real man, Will begins piecing together a true picture of his father from flashbacks of his amazing adventures. In a world on the brink of collapse, Chockler receives the mysterious Lucrecia's mission to find a man named Victor, dead or alive. Little by little, he discovers a network of implications between the horse races, genetic experiments, and a series of strange and superhuman nature facts, in the deep night of the city. Gwen has just discovered, that she's the final member of the secret time-traveling Circle of Twelve. Now she has to juggle with constant trips to the past, her relationships with Gideon and figuring out dark secrets surrounding the Circle. JC (Alexander Polli) is a B.A.S.E. Jumper, a global playboy who lives his life quite literally on the edge, pursuing man's greatest dream - to fly. When a jump goes wrong, that dream is violently shattered. Haunted by the event, JC is drawn to his best friend's lover, ASH (Julie Dray), as he pushes himself harder than ever before - flying lower, closer, faster and recording every moment on film. Soon JC's dark descent threatens not only his own life but the lives of all those around him. BASE follows a man over the edge and watches him fall. Akiko, a young woman, comes to Vladivostok to meet Matsunaga, a young businessman she has met in Tokyo only once. Akiko finally finds Matsunaga. However, he leaves her again, warning her not to trust strangers in a foreign country. She tries to follow him, but she is attacked by thugs and dumped on the outskirts of town. When Addison investigates the murder of his friend Kevin with the help of Phoebe, they discover that the truth is darker than they had ever imagined. Fed up with the evils of today's Society? So is Reverend Smith, but unlike you he has a remedy for it. See how he deals with murderers, rapists, white supremacists, child pornography, crooked lawyers, drug dealers, gang-bangers, prejudice and the over all ills of our society. Take a ride through Reverend Smith's vengeful mind, where no one is safe and all are judged in "Music Store Massacre". Years after a patient killed himself under her care, a therapist finds herself reliving the case when a new patient with a similar condition asks for her help. But when her life begins spiraling out of control, she wonders if this is mere coincidence... or if there are more sinister forces at work. LAPD homicide detectives Ernie Godunov and Jordan Daniels experience a violent departure from their routine duties when a series of homicides coincides with the theft of a legendary, allegedly cursed painting. According to the legend, the painting is destined to reappear periodically, bringing death and destruction. The detectives investigate, increasingly desperate as bodies pile up and the criminal conspiracy behind the painting's theft mobilizes. With time running out before the painting again disappears into the night, the detectives plunge headlong into a bloody confrontation. This made-for-TV movie follows a group of friends as they try to find a boat lost for 50 years in the Bermuda Triangle. Teenage Lisa Walker searches for her missing brother with the help of two Detectives, unknowing that evil walks among them leaving a trail of dead bodies along the way. Framed in the 1940s for the double murder of his wife and her lover, upstanding banker Andy Dufresne begins a new life at the Shawshank prison, where he puts his accounting skills to work for an amoral warden. During his long stretch in prison, Dufresne comes to be admired by the other inmates -- including an older prisoner named Red -- for his integrity and unquenchable sense of hope. Cinema worker Eri and her husband Fumiya have decided not to have children. They live happily together, sharing their joys and sadnesses. However, an incident begins to silently bring about change in their placid lifestyle. SOUNDSTAGE presents a live concert from Petty and his band, with a number of their biggest hits getting a welcome airing. The clandestine world of crop circles is threatened when an ambitious TV journalist plans to expose the truth drawing her into the enigma of lights, Celtic mythology and UFOs to discover both the beauty and danger in the mystery she seeks. A boxer suffers a serious head injury during a fight, and must deal with the consequences. The story revolves around five people who are enjoying their life in Kochi. Indrajith Sukumaran plays a creative ad director; Remya Nambeesan as Veena plays a trained dancer; Nivin Pauly plays a waiter at a cafe; Prathap Pothen plays a psychologist; and Lena Abhilash plays the head of a corporation. "Asylum of Fear" follows a team of paranormal investigators as they go on one last job to a haunted mental institution where children have reportedly gone missing. While searching for evidence of what is haunting the abandoned building, they stumble upon clues that reveal what made the former head doctor snap and go on a killing spree through the halls decades earlier. Unfortunately, the more they uncover, the more they struggle to make it out of the asylum alive because something inside wants that mystery to stay dead and buried. A happy family returns from a vacation to find their home invaded by a criminal family and must fight for survival. A retelling of Romeo and Juliet set within the Los Angeles underworld. Father and son coroners receive a mysterious unidentified corpse with no apparent cause of death. As they attempt to examine the beautiful young "Jane Doe," they discover increasingly bizarre clues that hold the key to her terrifying secrets. England, 1969. The fascinating Abbie and the troubled Lydia are great friends. After an unexpected tragedy occurs in the strict girls' school they attend, a mysterious epidemic of fainting breaks out that threatens the mental sanity and beliefs of the tormented people involved, both teachers and students. In Dr. Wayne Dyer's public television special, taped live in front of a thousand fans in Boston's historic theater district, he transforms conventional thinking about making things happen in our lives into a profound understanding of how each person possesses the infinite potential and power to co-create the life he or she desires. To accomplish this, Dr. Dyer takes the audience through a journey into the seven faces of intention - 1: creativity, 2: kindness; 3: love, 4: beauty, 5: expansiveness, 6: abundance, and 7: receptivity. Throughout the program, Dr. Dyer illustrates his points with signature stories that move the audience to tears--as well as abundant laughter. Best friends since they were kids, Rabbi Jacob Schram and Father Brian Finn are dynamic and popular young men living and working on New York's Upper West Side. When Anna Reilly, once their childhood friend and now grown into a beautiful corporate executive, suddenly returns to the city, she reenters Jake and Brian's lives and hearts with a vengeance. Sparks fly and an unusual and complicated love triangle ensues. A young teen and his misfit group of friends try to escape from a strict boarding school that holds dangerous secrets. Across the city of Cape Town, a sex-line operator, a dog handler and a computer technician begin to suspect that their romantic relationships are the subject of a bizarre conspiracy, involving their family, friends, and possibly even greater forces. 'Love the One You Love's parallel stories question the ideals we hold too sacred: love, happiness, and the New South Africa; the pursuit of which makes truth impossible. An orphaned brontosaurus named Littlefoot sets off in search of the legendary Great Valley. A land of lush vegetation where the dinosaurs can thrive and live in peace. Along the way he meets four other young dinosaurs, each one a different species, and they encounter several obstacles as they learn to work together in order to survive. On a trip home to visit her father, Jenny is thrown into a world of mystery, horror and legend when she is called upon by 3000 year old spirits of the Neverlake to help return their lost artifacts and save the lives of missing children.  A lawyer-turned-preacher living in a small Appalachian town is pursued by an eccentric man to represent him in court. Now involved in a case that ties into his own small-town life, the former attorney agrees to help a man. Strange and violent things start to happen when a reclusive woman is held captive in her own home. A love story directed by Otsuru Yoshidan, an actor, novelist, and film director, who directed all screens in Minamisoma City, Fukushima Prefecture. A business man who has everything, including money, a woman, and fame, falls into the abyss and carries a large amount of debt. A man who felt in danger died and eventually moved to Minamisoma City, Fukushima Prefecture, which was affected by the earthquake. A man who decided to live quietly as a reconstruction volunteer, staying at his aunt's house, but seeing the people around him who live without suffering the difficult reality, his desire begins to tingle again. Inspired by my aunt's daughter who gave me a mysterious atmosphere, he was a man who vowed to come back. Starring Sasaki Shinon of "You are a figure". (Translated from https://eiga.com/movie/79252/) Alfad, a Lumad whose soul returns to his homeland to settle unfinished businesses and to finally rest. It is based on the Lumad's belief that when a person dies his soul goes back to his homeland. Romantic and slapstick mishaps on a golf course. A film producer who was adopted as a baby and sent to America, returns to her native Russia and the family farm. Once there, strange things begin to happen including the disappearance of her guide, the manifestation of ghosts (including her own!) and the appearance of another man who has been drawn to the farm for the same reasons. A thriller filled with classic horror elements that focuses on 3 different parties, whom all eventually cross each other's paths in a remote area of the Catskill Mountains. A group of four friends on their first camping trip together, a ghost hunter and his fiance from NYC, and a father and son who live in the woods. They all unknowingly enter into a world of hate, betrayal and revenge, fueled by events that took place involving four inmates at the King Lakes Psychiatric Hospital for the Criminally insane, back in 1978. It has been rumored that the area of the Catskills our characters travel to is haunted, and over the years, many disappearances have been reported. Shy and reserved, Claire Decker, 30ish, is a part-time investigator for Social Services. Typically, she solves cases where senior citizens have died alone, leaving no indication of who must handle their estate. This time however, Claire is reluctantly drawn into a puzzling murder case. The local police have been unable to solve the horrific crime, or even decipher the victim's true identity. A beautiful and enigmatic young blond, known only as "The White Orchid," has been brutally murdered. As Claire is drawn deeper and more intimately into the dead woman's life, she finds herself taking dangerous chances and pushing personal and professional boundaries. As she gets closer to the truth, Claire must effectively become the charismatic "White Orchid" in order to solve the mysterious crime. Irene and David have relationship problems after having a miscarriage. One night out Irene meets Ana an enigmatic girl who involves the couple into a love triangle. Little by little Ana pushes them to a kind of liberal community in the countryside leaded by Angel. Irene and David will fit there quickly without any suspicion of such dramatic secret they keep. A group of friends discover gold deep inside an old mine. But by taking the gold and think they've hit it big, they awaken a long dead miner who's Hell Bent on protecting his treasure. Minnesota, 1990. Detective Bruce Kenner investigates the case of young Angela, who accuses her father, John Gray, of an unspeakable crime. When John unexpectedly and without recollection admits guilt, renowned psychologist Dr. Raines is brought in to help him relive his memories and what they discover unmasks a horrifying nationwide mystery.  John Form has found the perfect gift for his expectant wife, Mia - a beautiful, rare vintage doll in a pure white wedding dress. But Mia's delight with Annabelle doesn't last long. On one horrific night, their home is invaded by members of a satanic cult, who violently attack the couple. Spilled blood and terror are not all they leave behind. The cultists have conjured an entity so malevolent that nothing they did will compare to the sinister conduit to the damned that is now... Annabelle. Exposure follows a rookie Detroit African-American female cop who stumbles upon corrupt officers who are murdering a drug dealer, an incident captured by her body cam. They pursue her through the night in an attempt to destroy the footage, but to make matters worse, they've tipped off a criminal gang that she's responsible for the dealer's death. In 2005, the Fulton Fish Market was moved from Downtown Manhattan to Hunts Point, in the Bronx. This film is half-way between a video-portrait, or an archive of night-workers in the Bronx, and a video-atlas, or a sketching of the displacement of a historical landmark. The fish sellers, the buyers, the filet men, the truck drivers, the journey men, the security guards, share their impressions on the new location, on the old market, on the neighborhood, and their relationship to the ocean, boats and fish. Based on a topological structure, the film becomes a medium for these conversations affected by our intrusion, which then eventually drift towards a spatial acknowledgment of this so called 'no man's land'. A private investigator reads a book of sinister origins and unknowingly puts his daughter and himself in a fight for their lives...and their eternal souls. In this adaptation of the popular eponymous mystery novel by Keisuke Matsuoka, Paris provides the gorgeous backdrop for a grand intrigue involving the world's most iconic artistic treasure: the Mona Lisa. Minds will be blown, puzzles will be solved, but will a 500-year-old curse be removed? Carl Fredricksen spent his entire life dreaming of exploring the globe and experiencing life to its fullest. But at age 78, life seems to have passed him by, until a twist of fate (and a persistent 8-year old Wilderness Explorer named Russell) gives him a new lease on life. In a desolate community full of drug-addled Marines and rumors of kidnapping, a wild-eyed stoner named Lou wakes up after a crazy night of partying with symptoms of a strange illness and recurring visions. As she struggles to get a grip on reality, the stories of conspiracy spread. A passionate holiday romance leads to an obsessive relationship when an Australian photojournalist wakes one morning in a Berlin apartment and is unable to leave. The year is 2030 and two scientists, Felix and Maxine, are about to release their latest creation, Veronica a fully functional pleasure android, out onto the market. Unfortunately, untimely interference from a colleague causes Veronica to be sent back to the year 1998. There she meets Harry Horner and becomes a lingerie model to help his ailing catalogue fetish business. Soon Camilla, Harry's competitor, learns of Veronica and steals her away to make Veronica work for her. Eventually, the two scientists locate Veronica and travel back to 1998 in a bid to rescue her. Harry and the scientists combine forces and rescue Veronica from Camilla's clutches. Veronica makes Harry's business a success and he is able to sell it to and interested buyer. Veronica and Harry have fallen in love and she decides to stay in 1998 along with the two scientists! Golapi Mukta Rahasya Pink Pearl is one of the precious pearl of the world. Joychand a simple service holder owned a pink pearl, which he got from his great grandfather. One day when Feluda, Topsey and Jatayu was facilitated at Sonahati for his achievement, Joychand introduced himself and told them the story of pink pearl. In the meantime, the whole story was published in newspaper and many buyers came to hime to purchase the pearl. Maganlal Meghraj to Suraj Singh everyone was interested to to purphase the pearl. In such a situation, Feluda came to support Joychand and after some hilarious incidents Feluda Comfortably manage to protect the pearl handed over to the proper buyer. Every day, they steal your strength, your emotions, your love. We call them the Shadow. Work like us - to deliver them back to the Dark World. Impending disaster, and humanity can be at the mercy of darkness ... And only we can keep the balance Devastated by his daughter's death in a terrible accident, Ben becomes convinced that he can bring her back through a recurring dream. But is it just a dream? Or is Ben losing his mind? Imagine an insatiable demon that feeds on blood, thrives on pain, and reaches from beyond the grave to torment the living...and the dead. For believers and skeptics alike, there is nothing in this world or the next to rival the relentless evil of a Voodoo Possession. Burdened since childhood with a gnawing sense of guilt, cynical Aiden Chase journeys to a Haitian insane asylum in search of his missing brother. Upon arriving, he discovers all the inmates and the hospital administrator (Danny Trejo, Machete) are seemingly possessed by a bloodthirsty voodoo spirit. Now, Aiden must abandon reality and descend into a terrifying spirit world to try to rescue his brother - or they will both be damned for eternity. No overview found. Peter and Katherine Witner are Southern California super-yuppies with great jobs but no center to their lives. When they both lose their jobs and begin marital infidelities, their solution is to start their own business together. In order to find meaning to their empty lives, they follow various New Age gurus and other such groups. Eventually, they hit rock bottom and have to make some hard decisions A figure skater seeks wisdom from a local sage to cure her diabetes. Dead bodies begin to turn up all over the city, each meeting their demise in a variety of grisly ways. All investigations begin to point the finger at deceased killer John Kramer. A paranormal investigator gets more than she bargained for on a routine call. A team of two detectives is tasked with apprehending a crazed, online psycho who tracks down and lures victims via a popular social media site.  1967, the height of the Red Scare. Australian Prime Minister Harold Holt is embroiled in a power struggle after discovering his spymaster has illegally investigated and exposed Red sympathisers embedded within Holt's administration. Strange phenomena begin to plague Senn, a factory worker on the forgotten world, Pyom, when an enigmatic alien intelligence arrives to deliver him to the Polychronom. This ancient object has surreptitiously chosen him for a mysterious purpose that could mean his undoing. Love can be painful. Very painful. The intriguing-on-the-outside, twisted-and-tortured-on-the-inside Tara sets her sights on the unassuming guy-next-door Ray. Their innocent flirting turns into a regretful one night stand which he hopes to put behind him. Tara has different plans for their relationship. A mentally fragile man must conquer his fear of death in order to stave off a killer's advances. Blood Riders is a blood soaked adventure comedy about 4 young friends who stumble upon a body after stealing a car. That discovery pushes the friends on a road trip around town during which they try get rid of the increasing amount of corpses. Along their wild ride the kids encounter neo-Nazis, punk artists, devil worshipers and a plan to resurrect Hitler. A random group of people wake up on an Island where they are being hunted down in a sinister plot to harvest their organs. When Sara wipes the dust from an old mirror she can see much more than her own reflection... Haunted by her husband's death in WWII, Claire lives in a dark mansion, where her children begin to see supernatural visions of the undead. Is dad being conjured from the afterlife, or are the ghosts something far more sinister?  In the aftermath of a mysterious High School 'incident', The school's attorney questions the only witness, a student, in hopes of protecting the school from any lawsuits. But as this student weaves his tale, it becomes clear that there is much more to this story than meets the eye. H8RZ has the intrigue of a crime thriller, while cleverly dealing with issues of H8RZ bullying, school corruption, and the darker side of teen interactions. Two warring groups of criminals meet to exchange hostages, each side unaware that the other harbors a deadly secret in this proof-of-concept short action film starring Zoe Bell. On one end, KYLE wants his brother back. On the other, DAVID wants to free his girlfriend. And ANNA (Zoe Bell), fueled by a history of bad blood, just wants revenge. As the standoff unfolds, everything goes south for everyone. Set in the Aokigahara Forest, a real-life place in Japan where people go to end their lives. Against this backdrop, a young American woman comes in search of her twin sister, who has mysteriously disappeared. What starts as a poignant medical documentary about Deborah Logan's descent into Alzheimer's disease and her daughter's struggles as caregiver degenerates into a maddening portrayal of dementia at its most frightening, as hair-raising events begin to plague the family and crew and an unspeakable malevolence threatens to tear the very fabric of sanity from them all. Unknown suspects kidnapped the billionaire Qasim Al-Thani's only son and they are demanding a hundred million pounds of ransom money. Al-Thani refuses to negotiate with the terrorists and to avoid any media attention he hires private operatives for a rescue mission. An inside man at the MI5 gets hold of the hostage whereabout who is located in a small village at Herefordshire county. The assembled mercenaries make their way to the countryside but after arriving to the abandoned mansion they realize that this textbook rescue mission might cost their lives... Elizabeth June tries to put the loss of her eight-year-old daughter behind her by going back to teaching. Under the stress of the tragedy her husband Brian has moved out while Elizabeth is desperate to save her marriage and return to a life of normalcy. In her new job she is assigned a mentor, Paul Allenham, who is hiding a deep dark violent past. Paul has an immediate and unsettling attraction to Elizabeth; he will do anything to secure her love. Jes Macallan, Aaron Douglas, and Nic Bishop star. Janie's just trying to get well. As she recovers from a violent psychotic break, she's subjected each day to a bizarre holistic health and wellness regimen designed, and enforced, by her lifelong nanny and caretaker. But when she develops an obsession with a stranger, Janie's buried demons begin to surface.  On the one hand, Thomass, a young French student, is trying to figure out how to fix all of his life daily problems, and to seduce a girl named Elie. On the other hand, Ethan, a young French troublemaker, is trying to spice up his life as much as possible. Ghazal suffers her parent's recent death. She was in the car when the accident happened. Now her fiance is the only one left for her, but he can't trust Ghazal's mental health. A little boy Anatole lives in 1960s in the steppe in Kazakhstan with his parents-archaeologists. One day he witnesses the accidental death of his brother, this drama traumatizes the boy so much that he loses his ability to speak. Once he meets an old Kazakh who will teach him to hear again the world around him and will teach him how to speak again. The whole life of Anatole depends from now on from his ability to hear. His ear connects him to the world. 50 years later, the steppe calls him again. Genius Belgian detective Hercule Poirot investigates the murder of an American tycoon aboard the Orient Express train. A drama with a supernatural edge, this genre-crossing gem finds two couples visiting a home from their past, and sexual tension that brings out the worst in each other. Long-buried grudges resurface and it seems unlikely the couples will return intact. Faced with an outcome that will upset their delicate balance of happiness, the world offers them a bizarre opportunity to correct it. A series of vignettes that explore the seven deadly sins. Three couples go on a ski retreat together. However, what began as a fun trip ends in bloodshed when a blizzard strikes and leaves the six friends trapped in their cabin. The death of my seven-year-old brother when I was nine remains a painful and haunting memory. My parents did not know how to cope with the loss of their child and the entire family experienced indescribable pain. Phantom Limb uses this personal story as a point of departure. Whether it is a loss through death or divorce, the stages of grieving are the same. Individuals often go through denial, anger, bargaining, depression and, ultimately, some kind of acceptance, in order to heal. The film is loosely structured according to these stages. Interspersed throughout this poetic documentary are interviews with a cemetery owner, a phantom limb patient and an author of a book about evidence for life after death. Phantom Limb reminds viewers that while grief is painful and isolating, it is a reminder to each of us that life is impermanent. - Jay Rosenblatt The Third Wave film was shot in Sri Lanka following the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake. It was directed by Australian film maker Alison Thompson and Italian producer Oscar Gubernati. After the 2004 Asian tsunami disaster, four independent volunteers, with little money and no experience, race off to volunteer in tsunami ravaged Sri Lanka. Beatrice Prior and Tobias Eaton venture into the world outside of the fence and are taken into protective custody by a mysterious agency known as the Bureau of Genetic Welfare. A psychosomatically deaf, dumb and blind boy becomes a master pinball player and the object of a religious cult. A husband-and-wife detective team takes on the search for a missing inventor and almost get killed for their efforts. A dying man struggles to discover the secret of a mystical tree's healing leaves. The close-knit community of Brackenmore is harboring a secret. After the untimely death of an uncle she never knew she had, Kate (Sophie Hopkins) is forced to return to her ancestral home, a tiny rural village in the South of Ireland. Soon after her arrival she meets Tom (D.J. McGrath), a mysterious young local who helps her to rediscover her long-neglected roots and forget about the anxieties of her life in London. The longer Kate stays in Brackenmore, the more she begins to realize that the eccentricities of its self-protective residents, may be more ominous than she first thought and the secluded family estate is harboring a dark and ancient secret.  From the opening scenes of a fateful car crash to the shocking ending Brackenmore weaves its ways under your skin shifting between classic horror to the mysteries of the occult. Cinematographer Justin McCarthy keeps a steady hand as he captures the silent fear that begins to grow as Hopkins uncovers the dark horror that is Brackenmore. After the death of a friend, a writer recounts a boyhood journey to find the body of a missing boy. A troubled young woman takes up residence in a gothic apartment building where she must confront a terrifying evil. A crime novelist receives a vital clue to the whereabouts of his long-missing fiancee.  In a dystopian future, where corporate brands have created a disillusioned population, one man's effort to unlock the truth behind the conspiracy leads to an epic battle with hidden forces that control the world. Will Montgomery (Ben Foster), a U.S. Army Staff Sergeant who has returned home from Iraq, is assigned to the Army's Casualty Notification service. Montgomery is partnered with Captain Tony Stone (Woody Harrelson), to give notice to the families of fallen soldiers. The Sergeant is drawn to Olivia Pitterson (Samantha Morton), to whom he has delivered news of her husband's death. Enter into a baroque vortex of madness when an emotionally unstable woman is shattered after tremendous heartbreak. Brian was the love of Venus' life and the thought of him having an affair with another woman begins her volatile descent into the dark side of psychosexual insanity. After their father dies, a family of five are forced to survive on their own in a Kurdish village on the border of Iran and Iraq. Matters are made worse when 12 year old Ayoub, the new head of the family, is told that his handicapped brother, Madi, needs an immediate operation in order to remain alive. This heartbreaking tale shows the lengths to which a family will go in order to survive in the harshest of conditions, where even the horses are fed liquor in order to work. Two busy strangers meet when they help an elderly woman find her lost Christmas savings. Thanks to fate and Christmas magic, they also find something they were both missing: true love. Lila, a grief-stricken mother reeling from her son's murder, attends a support group where she meets Eve, who urges her to take matters into her own hands to track down her son's killers. A fallen angel seeks redemption for the death of a child under his protection. Gloria Polk is a decadent writer who decided to return to writing a fiction book after 17 years of absence. One day, she decides to open her home to Carol, a young journalist who lives in his building and is married to her former husband. Excited about the opportunity, Carol realizes that Gloria has an obscure facet which meant that she had great difficulty in relating to other people over the years. Teen detective Ruby Skye is back with an intriguing and hilarious new adventure. She finds herself in the middle of not one, but three mysteries! Who stole the fabulous furry Flobbles from FONK, the local children's charity? Who owns the adorable white puppy that her sister, Hailey, wants to keep? Who is that little kid and why does she keep following Ruby? In her quest for justice (and answers), Ruby accidentally destroys a crime scene, annoys a detective and disguises herself as a boy. Her list of enemies is growing by the minute and includes her little sister, her maybe boyfriend, the victim of the crime and every one of the suspects. At least the puppy still likes her. Can she find the bad guys, make her sister happy and win back all her friends? Find out as Ruby takes her on her funniest and most baffling case yet. In war torn Calcutta during the 1940's, Byomkesh Bakshy, fresh out of college, pits himself against an evil genius who is out to destroy the world. Feisty, flame-haired reporter, Kendall O'Dell is drawn into an evil web of conspiracy beyond anything she could have ever imagined when she accepts a position at a small newspaper in isolated Castle Valley, Arizona. In the mix is a vanished reporter, two dead teenage girls and an attractive cowboy. Kendall's life hangs in the balance as she strives to uncover the horrifying secret. On a rainy London night in 1946, novelist Maurice Bendrix has a chance meeting with Henry Miles, husband of his ex-mistress Sarah, who abruptly ended their affair two years before. Bendrix's obsession with Sarah is rekindled; he succumbs to his own jealousy and arranges to have her followed. A Texan paranormal radio host, Ridley Kay leads a fairly ordinary existence, until a strange orphan with a tragic past comes crashing into his life. Convinced other-worldly forces are after her, Kay attempts to protect the young girl from an onslaught of deadly alien and extra-terrestrial phenomena. However, as the strange lights continue to stalk her, he discovers the world of the paranormal might be far more sinister than anyone has possibly imagined. A suicidal American befriends a Japanese man lost in a forest near Mt. Fuji and the two search for a way out. Young lovers Ann and Gero are travelling through Europe when their car breaks down in the Eifel mountains. Vinzent and Franz invite them to spend a carefree weekend partying in a remote holiday cabin. But after a playful 'seance' their initial bright mood soon becomes uneasy as strange occurrences start to take place with alarming regularity... Five tales by Edgar Allan Poe come to life thanks to a pictorical style animation, five tales that exude madness, pestilence, murder and torture. Love is Now is the intriguing and mysterious drama chronicling a summer of love for experienced photographer Audrey (Van Der Boom) and aspiring snapper Dean (Farren). Propelled by new love and Audrey's free spirit, the couple embarks on a formative country adventure following the NSW Harvest Trail where they discover significantly more than they ever expected along the way. A spy navigates the precarious terrain of love and survival during an undercover mission in Syria. An archaeological expedition uncovers a prehistoric hominid burial site. When their team is unexpectedly attacked they are forced to take refuge in the catacombs of an unmapped cave. One by one they fall to an ancient predator. Bounty hunters seek shelter from a raging blizzard and get caught up in a plot of betrayal and deception. A meeting with a new inmate in the psychiatric hospital flips Dr. Yehia's life upside down. She prophecies that the death of his entire family is only three days away. A priest has a crisis of faith after hearing strange voices in his church -- which used to be a village's movie theater. Two former cops start investigating the series of murders that tanked their careers when the killings begin again. Five teenagers compete to win a mansion owned by entrepreneur and scientist Atticus Virtue. To win the teens must face-off against a super computer named HAVEN who controls the mansion. This overview of the horrors of 20th century war reminds us that war does not end when peace treaties are signed and the soldiers have gone home. Erin and Garrett are very much in love. When Erin moves to San Francisco to finish her journalism degree and Garrett stays behind in New York to work in the music industry, they gamely keep the romance alive with webcams and frequent-flyer miles. But just when it seems the lovers will soon be reunited, they each score a big break that could separate them for good. Henry and Fay's son Ned sets out to find and kill his father for destroying his mother's life. But his aims are frustrated by the troublesome Susan, whose connection to Henry predates even his arrival in the lives of the Grim family. It is 2016 and a fearful world seems to be on the brink of a nuclear catastrophe. A researcher in psychical events and his girlfriend travel to deepest Dartmoor to investigate a centuries-old building. What they unlock and discover is way more than they could have ever bargained for.  An exciting first feature from newcomer Eugene McGing, who expertly takes familiar tropes and gives them a fresh spin in this genuinely terrifying haunted house tale. Through flashbacks, Full English Breakfast follows the violent career of Dave Bishop (Dave Courtney) a small-time London villain who kills his way to the top of Britain's drugs empire. Now happily 'retired' on the Kent coast Dave becomes embroiled in a bloody battle of wits with Al Qaeda terrorists who want to take over his criminal empire. Adding to the old mobster's woes is his younger trophy wife (Lucy Drive) wanting to play away with his new driver (Jamie Bannerman). Bengal episode film with three stories. Incensed by the tabloid culture which celebrates it, the L.A. Slasher publicly abducts a series of reality TV stars, while the media and general public in turn begin to question if society is better off without them. A biting, social satire about reality TV and the glorification of people who are famous for simply being famous, "L.A. Slasher" explores why it has become acceptable and even admirable for people to become influential and wealthy based on no merit or talent - purely through notoriety achieved through shameful behavior. Harry Potter has lived under the stairs at his aunt and uncle's house his whole life. But on his 11th birthday, he learns he's a powerful wizard -- with a place waiting for him at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. As he learns to harness his newfound powers with the help of the school's kindly headmaster, Harry uncovers the truth about his parents' deaths -- and about the villain who's to blame. A young family find themselves in serious danger when they move to an isolated haunted house in the Yorkshire Moors. Bay Area experimental filmmaker Kathleen Quillian's latest work artfully examines the art of deception for personal gain. A council case worker looks for the relatives of those found dead and alone. After the traumatic loss of her mother, a teenaged girl tries to uncover the dark secrets behind her new home, in spite of her father's disbelief. A defense attorney works to get his teenage client acquitted of murdering his wealthy father. A ferocious serial killer in a palace of students. One private detective from Valencia investigate to find him. When Kylie Bucknell is sentenced to home detention, she's forced to come to terms with her unsociable behaviour, her blabbering mother and a hostile spirit who seems less than happy about the new living arrangement. A night like any other in the streets of Hong Kong: in the midst of the tangle of night-owls, cars and vendors, a group of passengers climbs aboard a minibus that is to take them from Mongkok to Tai Po. The group is as diverse as the city: there's a young man on drugs, an arguing couple, a woman with prayer beads and a girl who has just fallen in love. And behind the wheel sits the chatty driver. But as the bus emerges from a tunnel, everything is suddenly quite still: the streets and buildings are all empty and there's not a soul to be seen; it's as if everyone has suddenly been swallowed by the earth. Only the millions of neon lights continue to blink, as if nothing has happened. The eclectic group of passengers seek refuge in a deserted cafe and discuss what they should do. Then they make an horrific discovery...  In 1918, when New York City hired its first scientifically trained medical examiner Charles Norris. Over the course of a decade and a half, Norris and his extraordinarily driven and talented chief toxicologist, Alexander Gettler, would turn forensic chemistry into a formidable science, sending many a murderer to the electric chair and setting the standards that the rest of the country would ultimately adopt. The portrayal of how the media's focus on a shocking crime causes a chain reaction and produces a copy cat crime: abduction and imprisonment by a young dry cleaner. Only the victim may be more than he bargained for... Based on true events Three boys, who are spending their summer vacation together, witness a crime and decide to bring the guilty to book. John Red Elk hears from his relatives down in Minneapolis that his Uncle Norton is dead and vows to go to the big city to find out what really happened to him. At its heart, "The Jingle Dress" is a contemporary story of a Native American family that moves from their rural home on the reservation in northern Minnesota to the faster paced urban environment of Minneapolis. We follow the Red Elk family as they experience city culture through their unvarnished perspective, as well as gain insight into their Indigenous culture and traditions. Temporarily relocating to a farm in the Peloponnese, The Callas and their industrious circle of friends are making a feature film, inviting audiences to a Dionysian encounter with Greek psychedelia. A lazy law school grad adopts a kid to impress his girlfriend, but everything doesn't go as planned and he becomes the unlikely foster father. Two young people arrive in New York to spend a weekend; once they arrive they are met with bad weather and a series of adventures. One of the strongest examples of Israeli cinematic storytelling in recent years. Zuhara is on her way to her younger sister's wedding, when she picks up Neriman, a young Bedouin hitchhiker escaping from an arranged marriage. As she unintentionally becomes an accomplice in Neriman's struggle, Zuhara must confront her conflicted feelings toward her estrangement from her own family. Director Rony Sasson Angel sensitively evokes moving drama through the characters' quiet exchanges, while building to a powerful climax. Stars Hila Vidor and Maisa Abed Elhadi make the tension and camaraderie between these two strangers palpable and touching. A deeply-poignant and visually-striking road movie. Two feuding brothers (one a policeman, the other a martial arts expert) of different political views, join forces to avenge the death of their father, a retired agent, killed by the mafia. A romantic comedy set in space, or - to be more specific - planet Earth which follows world-weary banker Zac on his search for his eccentric sister, Alice, who goes missing while on a narrowboat trip with her new boyfriend. Skylar is witness to the aftermath of a murder, but the killer doesn't come after her. Instead, he torments her by testing her will to survive. Advice columnist, Dan Burns is an expert on relationships, but somehow struggles to succeed as a brother, a son and a single parent to three precocious daughters. Things get even more complicated when Dan finds out that the woman he falls in love with is actually his brother's new girlfriend. A family intervention goes horrifically awry within the snowy confines of an isolated lake house. Alternately tragic and comic, an exploration of the complexities of love in both its brightest and darkest corners. Adapted from John Irving's best-selling novel A Widow for One Year, the film is set in the privileged beach community of East Hampton, New York and chronicles one pivotal summer in the lives of famous children's book author Ted Cole (Jeff Bridges) and his beautiful wife Marion (Kim Basinger). Their once-great marriage has been strained by tragedy. Her resulting despondency and his subsequent infidelities have prevented the couple from confronting a much-needed change in their relationship. Eddie O'Hare, the young man Ted hires to work as his summer assistant, is the couple's unwitting yet willing pawn - and, ultimately, the catalyst in the transformation of their lives. A teenager wakes up in a subway car with no memory of how he got there or who he is. When her best friend, an underground journalist is mysteriously killed whilst investigating alien sightings, a feisty radio presenter realizes her own life is endangered as others around her disappear and the Federal Protection Force increase in power and control. Not knowing who to trust when she discovers film footage of a secret detention center and then a troubled detective offers to help her, she finds the same subjects keep coming to the fore. A mixture of ancient mysteries and conspiracy theories masquerading as science fiction. However, the more she digs, the more she realizes that the ancient prophecies foretelling the end of this world as we know it may be frighteningly accurate. This apocalyptic thriller is based on a best selling documentary, The Daniel Project Sonny "Sundown" Garcia is the top cocaine distributor in the United States, which has made him a very rich and powerful man. It has also made him plenty of enemies. John Doe is just such a man. A nameless man of mystery, John lives to see Sundown not just dead, but to suffer six meaningful losses before his death--his fortune, his freedom, his love, his reputation, his most valuable possession and, finally, his life. John hires six hit-men, each one assigned to inflict one of the six meaningful losses upon Sundown. When a professor of religious studies is forced to investigate why his students are being murdered, he discovers what ended his own life and is then reborn. Two roommates, Leila & Sandy, team up to kill Leila's sadistic boyfriend. Separation Anxiety traces the friendship of three twenty-something childhood pals, Quinn, Jess, and Bailey on the morning of Bailey's funeral. As the people who loved Bailey the most grapple with the possibility that his fatal accident might have been something more purposeful, flashbacks from the last days of Bailey Palmer begin to unravel what was really going on. Quinn and Jess find themselves forced to deal with truths they aren't ready to face, about Bailey and each other. Six members of a media company go on a weekend business retreat at an isolated lodge in the woods. When one of the members goes missing, they discover that the lodge was formerly a private mental institution that had been shut down after allegations of devious misconduct. One by one, they fall victim to the dark secrets buried at the lodge. Vettri joins a detective agency and is assigned a series of subjects to observe. He falls in love with Madhusree, one of his targets, and just when everything seems to be going fine, Vettri's subjects start dying mysteriously. Can he save Madhu before it is too late? The terrifying story of a brother and sister who are sent to their grandparents' remote Pennsylvania farm for a weeklong trip. Once the children discover that the elderly couple is involved in something deeply disturbing, they see their chances of getting back home are growing smaller every day. I came, for a few days time to one of the strictest nuns order of France : the Cistercian Order of the Strict Observance. This film is the experience of an encounter with enclosed Cistercian nuns, it displays as introspective wondering. As the movies goes on, women's portraits start standing out also, questions formed about our relationship with others as well as nature, time and consumerism. Spirit Lake is unusually deep. No diver has ever managed to find the bottom. When Dr. Amelia Brooks disappears during a deep-water dive, her three daughters travel home. They find themselves unable to let go and become drawn into the mysteries of the lake. The Candyman, a murderous soul with a hook for a hand, is accidentally summoned to reality by a skeptic grad student researching the monster's myth. London Road is a musical drama that documents the events of 2006, when the quiet rural town of Ipswich was shattered by the discovery of the bodies of five women. The residents of London Road had struggled for years with frequent soliciting and kerb-crawling on their street. When a local resident was charged and then convicted of the murders, the community grappled with what it meant to be at the epicentre of this tragedy.  Universal Citizen is a multifaceted personal travelogue that brings us to a real Universal Hotel, in Guatemala, and to the same public square in Siena that appears at the beginning of Universal Hotel; at the center of the film are Thompson's off screen meetings with a Libyan Jew and former Dachau inmate who works as a smuggler in Guatemala and refuses to be photographed. (Jonathan Rosenbaum) A working-class Punjabi woman battles the adverse conditions that farm laborers face, including an oppressive upper class and drug abuse. Follow Mark Torgl star of 1984's The Toxic Avenger who played "Melvin The Mopboy" and transforms into Toxie, as he attends the Monster Convention circuit for the first time. Discover the convention world through Torgl's eyes, and learn a deep dark secret that has kept Torgl in hiding for 30 years. Charlie Kenton is a washed-up fighter who retired from the ring when robots took over the sport. After his robot is trashed, he reluctantly teams up with his estranged son to rebuild and train an unlikely contender. Is there such a thing as miracles? Mickey McGuigan, a lively 73 year old farmer turned writer, has been documenting those around him along the Northern Irish border. The stories may defy logic, but people swear by them. This is a disappearing world of folklore and magic. There's a man who cures ringworm on cows by spitting on them and a woman who can cure sick babies with a piece of string. We'll also meet a healer who claims he can cure cancer. He now has a six month waiting list of hundreds op people hoping for a miracle. This is a cinematic journey through the hidden world of rural Northern Ireland, where anything is possible. In the grip of grief following the death of his young son, his marriage on the rocks and nearing bankruptcy, Parker reluctantly returns to work as a private investigator. Embarking on an unusual assignment to observe a woman from an abandoned apartment, Parker witnesses bizarre happenings surrounding her, unaware that the derelict building that he surveys her from has birthed a dark presence which slowly threatens to consume him. New York detective Ichabod Crane is sent to Sleepy Hollow to investigate a series of mysterious deaths in which the victims are found beheaded. But the locals believe the culprit to be none other than the ghost of the legendary Headless Horseman. A disillusioned musician's romantic spark is ignited by a young trans man as they work together to save his community nightclub for the deaf. Following the deaths of the actors of a film, terrible events occur when the production company decide to release the film and earn lots of money. After her brother mysteriously vanishes from the Mexican desert, a young woman sets out to uncover the otherworldly truth about his disappearance.  Documentary about legendary Paramount producer Robert Evans, based on his famous 1994 autobiography. Following the dealings of a Melbourne-based hitman Ray as seen through the eyes of his ex-neighbour and friend Max, an Italian film student. Max and his camera witness Ray's work life as it unfolds from day to day, giving an insight into a world we rarely see, and at the same time developing an unusual friendship with his subject. When their daughter is kidnapped by experienced nappers (Bacon and Love), the Jennings' (Theron and Townsend) turn the tables on this seemingly foolproof plan. The story springs from the real-world headlines of religious cults and mass suicides. With Veil, it begins 30 years ago, when members of a religious cult known as Heaven's Veil take their own lives. The truth behind what really happened remains buried deep in the memory of the sole survivor, a five-year-old girl, who returns to the compound with a documentary crew as an adult. They soon discover something that is far more terrifying than anything they could have imagined. A dark and atmospheric story of female friendship tested by deceit, betrayal and a terrifying past. Susan, outwardly confident and Becky, more fragile and shy, both in their late twenties, are inseparable friends. But both women have secrets they have not shared, some recent, some long past and deeply buried. When, on a weekend trip to Dartmoor, they encounter the charismatic Chris, they are led into a web of mind games, sexual deceit and betrayal. As Becky's traumatic involvement in Chris' own damaged past is revealed, a psychological journey swiftly becomes a fight for survival. Tatsuhiko Kido is a young man who moved from Tokyo to attend a vocational school. Although he thought he had begun his new school life with no problem, he finds a hole in his wall, and sometimes he feels a gaze coming at him from that hole, so he can't relax. The night he went drinking with his classmate Yoneyama, he sees a light coming from the same hole when he comes home. When he tries calling out to the other side, he gets a reply... Adele is suffering from a terrifying recurring dream; a dream that often borders on reality, and even enters it in the form of horrible visions which climax during an evening stroll in the center of Rome. The medical findings don't reveal anything noteworthy and her brother, who was with her that evening, is diagnosed with a simple seizure. Faced with a general skepticism, Adele has no other choice but to turn to the unconventional, so she decides to seek out Dylan Dog - a paranormal investigator Buenos Aires in the 1980s. Detective Chavez, a family man and a tough cop, once again must solve a mysterious crime. To reveal the identity of the murderer, Chavez must clarify the enigma waiting in ambush to capture his own heart. Passion surprises even the most astute detective. What will triumph: law or desire? Quentin Jacobsen has spent a lifetime loving the magnificently adventurous Margo Roth Spiegelman from afar. So when she cracks open a window and climbs back into his life-dressed like a ninja and summoning him for an ingenious campaign of revenge-he follows. After their all-nighter ends and a new day breaks, Q arrives at school to discover that Margo, always an enigma, has now become a mystery. But Q soon learns that there are clues-and they're for him. Urged down a disconnected path, the closer he gets, the less Q sees of the girl he thought he knew. The emotional life of a Peruvian immigrant in Chile is the subject of this nuanced character study of a man uprooted from home by economic necessity and suffering loneliness and dislocation. Higher wages can't fill the void created by separation from everything that is important to him. Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon is recruited by the Vatican to investigate the apparent return of the Illuminati - a secret, underground organization - after four cardinals are kidnapped on the night of the papal conclave. Rachel Watson, devastated by her recent divorce, spends her daily commute fantasizing about the seemingly perfect couple who live in a house that her train passes every day, until one morning she sees something shocking happen there and becomes entangled in the mystery that unfolds. A young, beautiful and rich girl, Dimpy Singh, approaches Samrat Tilakdhari, a private investigator, with a strange case. Their garden got ruined for reasons that appear natural but are not known; leading horticulturists have examined the fading plants but they have not been able to identify the probable reason. Further, her father's favorite horse died; once again the reason for the pre-mature death remains a mystery. That's not the end; Dimpy's father Mahendra Pratap Singh, otherwise a very strong and balanced man, has been experiencing deteriorating health. All these aspects when combined makes the case sound weird and that grabs the attention of Samrat. Samrat along with his assistant friend, Chakradhar Pandey, visits the huge estate of Mahendra Pratap Singh. As he starts investigating, he discovers lots of mysterious facts. A creative and driven teenager is desperate to escape his hometown and the haunting memories of his turbulent childhood. Jonathan Ecks, an FBI agent, realizes that he must join with his lifelong enemy, Agent Sever, a rogue DIA agent with whom he is in mortal combat, in order to defeat a common enemy. That enemy has developed a "micro-device" that can be injected into victims in order to kill them at will. An eccentric millionaire hides $3 million of gold somewhere in the Rocky Mountains, luring thousands out on a wild treasure hunt in search of riches and redemption. A botched diamond burglary and a dead publishing company executive set off a string of murders and betrayal in this suspensful, nonstop thriller! BB is the provocative story of a girl named Leah who, under the name "Candy Cummings", performs strip shows online from her apartment for thousands of strangers every day, never fully knowing the extent of evils that could be watching on the other side of the screen. An accident in Malta leaves ghostwriter Alice with memory loss. Suffering from writer's block, she returns to the island to recover when she meets the sensual Sara. As they bond, a shady stranger begins to taint the stay with mystery. Narrowly escaping death at the hands of a notorious serial killer, Jessa Dixon awakens from a coma to learn her father committed suicide. Unconvinced, she investigates the suspicious suicide and uncovers a dark corporate conspiracy involving the police and the psychotic killer that almost took her life. Jussi Vares find two bodies of Turku outskirts of women, which has been shot in the head, and the man whose body is full of runes similar to the cuts, which suggest that the murder would have been part of the dark ritual. A year later, Vares is hired to investigate these homicides. Cable Wires take Varesta towards Turku underworld dominant invisible godfather, sheriff. Sheriff is the man whom nobody knows and we do not discuss. Vares drifts dangerously close to the "jury", the secret underworld lord clubs, the members of the human spirit is a cheap commodity. Rummaging through the case Vares get too close to the truth. An ambitious lawyer finds himself caught in a power struggle between a corrupt pharmaceutical executive and his firm's senior partner. When the case takes a deadly turn, he must race to uncover the truth before he loses everything. A pervert, murderer, and hopeless romantic, Allen Dean is on a 7-day journey to discovery his real true love. He is torn between Denise the waitress, who he believes he loves, and his first true love, murder.  Struggling to find the truth behind her son's mysterious death, an estranged mother must confront her own hidden guilt. Jonny, a deadbeat groomer, follows a young woman through the streets of Amsterdam to find out if she is the girl he accidentally killed in a recurring dream, a hallucination or, worse, a memory. A documentary filmmaker travels to a UFO convention in New Mexico where he meets a local artist with a dark secret. As they follow a trail of clues they discover disturbing sightings and question all they believe when they become immersed in the enigmatic culture of the Pueblo Indians. Abe is an ambitious journalist. Debra is an idealistic whistle-blower. In a few minutes, they will meet. An hour later, one of them will be dead. Every camper's worst nightmare came true at Lake Bodom in 1960 when four teenagers were stabbed to death while sleeping in their tent. As the years passed and the case grew cold, the unsolved mystery turned into an urban legend, a creepy campfire story passed from generation to generation. Now, a group of teenagers arrives at the same campsite, hoping to solve the murder by reconstructing it minute by minute. As night falls, it turns out that not all of them are there to play. Tonight... it's girls against boys. Let the killing games begin. A woman seeks atonement from the people she meets on her walk across the city. Christmas is supposed to be a time of joy, peace and goodwill. But for some folks in the small town of Bailey Downs, it turns into something much less festive. An inexperienced detective and a psychologist must learn to work together to stop a masked killer who's terrorizing their small town. Japanes romantic crime-drama dealing with suicide epidemics Percy and Veronica have been housesitting at a palatial modern spread in the Hollywood Hills for the summer, but the real world of New York, jobs and young professional struggles are merely days away. Nonetheless they are in a hurry to leave this paradise, because the tranquility was broken by an unwanted visit by former college classmate Freedgood. His time since their liberal arts' years has been marked by imprisonment, shady business associations, and drug dealing. And as we learn quickly, this has lead to the man's demise, an interested LAPD detective, and a longing for the everyday strife that seems so much more desirable than staying in their false Eden. Four friends break into an abandoned insane asylum in search of a death certificate which will grant one of them a large inheritance. However, finding it soon becomes the least of their worries in a place haunted by dark memories. A Boston police officer goes to Nantucket to investigate the murder of his partner, but he finds more than he bargained for. Cody and Zack are approached to join the Gemini Project, a high-tech research center studying the dynamics between twins. Shockingly, they find themselves interconnected in a whole new way! When one twin experiences something, the other twin feels it too. This newfound revelation helps them see eye to eye for the first time, and it puts them in more danger than they could have imagined. A man returns to his hometown and resumes a dangerous old affair... This unique, neo-noir mystery follows Alex, an out-of-town journalist with a destroyed reputation, as she struggles to write an article on a paranoid shredder salesman. When the salesman appears uncooperative, Alex hires a private investigator to dig into his past in hopes of finding the story she so desperately needs. However, the salesman has an unexpected change of heart and offers to teach her about his business, while dragging her into the dangerous world of secrets and the machines that keep them safe. Luke Powers travels to L.A. to find that his brother has been murdered in a back alley martial arts tournament. Luke enters the tournament circuit to try to flush out his brother's killer. With the help of a trainer and former fighter, Lucke enters what he thinks will be a victorious battle. With the aid of a fellow Auschwitz survivor and a hand-written letter, an elderly man with dementia goes in search of the person responsible for the death of his family. Kira's skin starts to age rapidly, dry out and crumble away. But then she discovers that she can replace her own skin with somebody else's. Four desperate teenagers. A night of sexy mayhem. The big city. Or so the plan goes, until a series of misadventures later, Babai, Pele, Ria and Payal end up in a locked shopping mall in the dead of the night. Alone at last... until an old couple appears out of nowhere with a piece of folded leather and a glass container with two dice made of bone. A game. Simple, but deadly. They call it Ludo. A game defiled by a young couple centuries ago. An unbreakable curse, a living board, eons of bloodbath spanning the subcontinent. A game that has reached this city. Not just monsters, but prisoners of fate. Immortal lovers existing under a curse that will not die. They live within the game. Blood must spill. Bone must shatter. Beware the rattle of the Ludo dice. A mystery thriller directed by Laura Thies. While video chatting one night, six high school friends receive a Skype message from a classmate who killed herself exactly one year ago. At first they think it's a prank, but when the girl starts revealing the friends' darkest secrets, they realize they are dealing with something out of this world, something that wants them dead. Profiled is a feature length documentary that knits the stories of mothers of Black and Latin unarmed youth murdered by the NYPD into a powerful indictment of racial profiling and police brutality, and places them within a historical context of the roots of racism in the U.S. Driven by anger when their demands for justice are ignored the women transition from grieving parents to activists participating in the grass roots movement now spreading across the country since the much-publicized deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner. When Sarah leaves a party without saying goodbye, her friends deal with an unexplained tragedy by retracing her steps that night. Their search can bring them together, but only if blame and guilt don't tear them apart first. Death, which did not happen - it's just the beginning. Iryna miraculously survived after an accident. Facing death changed her forever. From time to time, Iryna started to see visions. They were short fragments episodes, fragmentary images. She couldn't understand it, and how does this relate to her. Over time, she learned to analyze what is happening in her head, and it started to bear fruit. Iryna began to solve the crime scenes. This is a story that is dangerously balancing on the edge of life and death, reality and dreaming, white lie and killing truth. A story that will change forever the fate of the inhabitants of a small town. The famous psychologist Xu Ruining has a raising career, when he met the troublesome patient Ren Xiaoyan. The meeting is not easy as feeble-looking Ren is point by point against him. One morning, the body of a sailor is found lying on the beach, washed in by the tide.. With no witnesses or any sign of the dead man's boat, Inspector Leo Caldas begins immersing himself in the town's seafaring atmosphere as he endeavours to shed light on the crime. He finds himself among men and women who prefer not to reveal their suspicions to him. But a sudden discovery sets him off in an unexpected direction. Newlyweds Megan and Andrew have just moved into their dream home with aspirations to start a family. But soon strange events start happening. Voices and shadowy figures haunt Megan, and even Andrew, starts questioning his own sanity as their marriage is being torn apart. The visions grow increasingly real..and threatening, yet Megan is unwilling to relinquish her home. When the appearance of a mysterious priest unveils the truth behind their nightmare, Megan's reality takes a desperate turn that her haunting visions never could have predicted. Finding their place between the forest and the sea, the Japanese have always felt awe and gratitude toward Nature. Since ancient times, they have negotiated their own unique relationship with their natural surroundings.  Acclaimed photographer Masa-aki Miyazawa discovered the essence of that ancient way of living in Ise Jingu, Japan's holiest Shinto shrine. Inspired by the idea of sending a message to the future in the same way this ancient shrine keeps alive the traditions of the past, Miyazawa used an ultra-high resolution 4K camera to create a breathtaking visual journey linking the Ise forest with other forests throughout Japan. The global economy is in crisis. Our biosphere's inability to absorb human activity, combined with the exhaustion of natural resources, declining productivity, slow growth, rising unemployment, and steep inequality, forces us to rethink our economic models. Where do we go from here? In this compelling feature-length documentary, social and economic theorist Jeremy Rifkin lays out a road map to usher in a new era of sustainable development. A Third Industrial Revolution will unfold when three technologies emerge and converge: new communication, new sources of energy, and new modes of mobility. But, in the context of climate change, it needs to happen fast. Change of this magnitude requires political will and a profound ideological shift. Linda has a seemingly perfect marriage with her rugged and handsome husband Mark and an adorable 8 year old daughter, Chloe. But when Chloe is injured by an elderly babysitter who has slipped into dementia, Linda wants to ensure that her child is never hurt again. Initially, Heather, the new babysitter, seems like the ideal addition to this practically perfect family. But Heather is a schemer who exploits the cracks in Mark and Linda's relationship, and delights in the resulting chaos. As Linda later learns, to her horror, Heather's intentions go far beyond the mischievous. Nestor the donkey is a bit of an oddity--his long ears are enough for six donkeys and stretch all the way to the ground. One night, when Nestor is locked out in the cold, he begins to wander the desert. Ava is recovering from demonic possession. With no memory of the past month, she must attend a Spirit Possessions Anonymous support group to figure out what happened. Ava's life was hijacked by a demon, now it's time to get it back. When the romantic secrets of his family members become public, the career and community standing of a respected bishop are threatened. Liu Xing a brilliant Chinese student, arrives at University and makes the transition into American life with the help of Joanna Silver. Xing joins a cosmology group working to create a model of the origins of the universe. He is obsessed with the study of dark matter and a theory that conflicts with the group's model. When he begins to make breakthroughs of his own, he encounters obstructions. A matriarch of a dysfunctional family is pushed to her tipping point by the disappearance of her son. One year after his young son disappeared during a Halloween carnival, Mike Cole is haunted by eerie images and terrifying messages he can't explain. Together with his estranged wife, he will stop at nothing to unravel the mystery and find their son--and, in doing so, he unearths a legend that refuses to remain buried in the past. Oraalppokkam [Six feet high] is a people funded independent Malayalam movie. This road movie has been shot in the tough terrains of Himalayas. Every camper's worst nightmare came true at Lake Bodom in 1960 when four teenagers were stabbed to death while sleeping in their tent. As the years passed and the case grew cold, the unsolved mystery turned into an urban legend, a creepy campfire story passed from generation to generation. Now, a group of teenagers arrives at the same campsite, hoping to solve the murder by reconstructing it minute by minute. As night falls, it turns out that not all of them are there to play. Tonight... it's girls against boys. Let the killing games begin. PALI ROAD is a mysterious and thrilling journey in search for true love between two different worlds. Lily, a young doctor, wakes up from a car accident and discovers she is living a completely different life. Now married to her boyfriend's rival, Dr. Mitch Kayne, and a mother to a 5-year-old son, she has an established life she remembers nothing about.  Everyone around her denies that her boyfriend Neil ever existed. As Lily begins to doubt her own sanity, memories of Neil resurface, causing her to encounter unexplainable incidents. While desperately searching for the truth of her past life, she questions her entire existence; but in the end, she discovers the meaning of true love. Joe carries around a rusty saw and a gasoline tank, he may or may not be a murderer but when he reads his poetry at the Limerick theatre, it affects people in all walks of life. Joe says there is no such thing as an un-interesting life. A lonely waitress with a tragic past, Agnes rooms in a run-down motel, living in fear of her abusive, recently paroled ex-husband. But when Agnes begins a tentative romance with Peter, an eccentric, nervous drifter, she starts to feel hopeful again - until the first bugs arrive... Mia Roarke is an actress quickly approaching 40. She's had her moment in the spotlight and now struggles to get back to where she once was. Or anywhere. Mia can't catch a break, and in the cutthroat world of The Business, Mia is her own worst enemy. No matter how hard she tries, she's competing in a younger woman's world and she can't get used to the idea that she's 'too old' and no longer viable. Her agent wants to get rid of her, she's got a controlling mother she supports and an ex husband who is poised for stardom. Then, a strange and humiliating turn of events gives her the chance to come back into the spotlight.  A mother and her 10-year old daughter are trapped in a forest. There is something in this forest. Something unlike anything they have heard before. Something that lurks in the darkness and it's coming after them. In wartime England, circa 1941, poorly-armed tugs are sent into "U-Boat Alley" to rescue damaged Allied ships. An American named David Ross arrives to captain one of these tugs. He's given a key by a fellow tugboat-man -- a key to an apartment and its pretty female resident. Should something happen to the friend, Ross can use the key. A lottery win of $5,000 forever changes the lives of a miner turned dentist and his wife. Five beautiful girls vie for a chance to become the spokesmodel for diva DeeDee DeVille's new high-end line of lingerie. The claws come out when the competition gets fierce, but when they begin to disappear one by one, they soon find that they are competing for their lives... Rodney is a former boxing champ who, after a deathbed visit to his trainer and mentor, is propelled into reclaiming victory for his now simple life as a nightclub bouncer. He partners with a no-nonsense, lesbian photographer and an aspiring starlet to make a compromising tape with Isaac--a married, devout, Orthodox Jewish real estate mogul--that sets off a chain of events that brings down an empire. Robert d'Eglantine invites five of his friends to spend a week-end in his castle, lost in the woods. He explains to them that he studied secret documents on nazi scientific research during World War II. These researches were on time travelling and he's now able to take his guests into an amazing trip seventy years back in time, in 1944, during the Occupation and only a few weeks before the landing in Normandy. The demonstration seems to be a big joke but once in the past our characters will be facing troubling events. Real time travel or devilish game meticulously crafted? A young man inherits a broken down estate at the edge of the Peruvian desert, with no explanation about the former owners or what had become of the once thriving house. 4 would be astronauts spend 400 days in a land locked space simulator to test the psychological effects of deep space travel but, when something goes terribly wrong and they are forced to leave the simulation, they discover that everything on earth has changed. Is this real or is the simulation on a higher level than they could have ever imagined? An American photographer adrift in a remote Icelandic community becomes entangled in the lives of a mysterious European couple. In 1967, four undercover CIA agents were sent to NASA posing as a documentary film crew. What they discovered led to one of the biggest conspiracies in American history. On vacation, a man wakes up in an abandoned motel room in a tub of ice and his kidney missing. He finds his wife in the adjacent room waiting to be the next victim to a horrible organ harvesting organization. Originally taking the vacation to work on their failing marriage, they must now set their differences aside to escape before their captors return and their dark secrets are revealed.  The spirit of a murdered girl returns with a message. Now a stranded woman must team up with the staff of a local station to solve the mystery of her death. The film follows aspiring singer-songwriter Jed King (Alan Powell) as he struggles to catch a break and escape the long shadow of his father, a country music legend. After reluctantly accepting a gig at a local vineyard harvest festival, Jed is love-struck by the vineyard owner's daughter, Rose (Ali Faulkner), and a romance quickly blooms. Soon after their wedding, Jed writes Rose "The Song," which becomes a breakout hit. Thrust into a life of stardom and a world of temptation in the form of fellow performer Shelby Bale (Caitlin Nicol-Thomas), Jed's life and marriage begin to fall apart. When a systems engineer blows the whistle on a dangerous technology, Charlie's Angels from across the globe are called into action, putting their lives on the line to protect society. Faith's world is turned upside down after she finds out that her beloved father is dying. When the mysteriously alluring Sissy Young becomes her field hockey coach, Faith finds a compassionate spirit and much-needed mother figure. Little does she know that Sissy is the head of a centuries-old witches' coven that uses the fruit of an ancient cherry tree in a secret ritual that restores life to the dead and dying. Offering to cure her father in exchange for a child, Sissy strikes a bargain with Faith, who suddenly finds herself pregnant with a baby that's growing at an alarming rate. But with the clock to the child's birth ticking down and the true intention of Sissy's plans for humanity becoming more apparent, Faith and her father must stand together in order to save both their lives.  After popular and charismatic megachurch leader Hamilton Spears commits suicide, his teenage daughter Hannah's life goes off the rails. The only thing keeping her together is her new boyfriend, Oliver. When she finds evidence pointing to a church conspiracy and threats toward her father, she is determined to prove that Hamilton's death was murder not suicide. As she gets closer to the truth, she realizes her own mother may be involved in her father's murder...and that the boy she is falling in love with is the son of his killer. A group of wayward teens at a wilderness boot camp must fight for their lives against the attacks of a ruthless blood-sucking alien. The attacks begin after they discover a strange "orb" in the middle of the desert. With no communication, and nowhere to hide, they realize their only chance for survival is to fight. At a school for troubled youths on an isolated island, a strange and horrifying viral outbreak results in an escalating conflict between the children and the adults. By 1314, through effort and intrigue, Scottish King Robert Bruce had captured every major English-held castle except Stirling. Now English King Edward II would try to stop him - and subdue the Scottish rebellion forever.  This is the story of the pivotal campaign culminating at the decisive Battle of Bannockburn, in the shadow of Stirling Castle.  Today as Scotland contemplates a countdown to a referendum for renewed Scottish independence, we search the hearts and minds of the characters whose efforts at the Battle of Bannockburn would build a nation.  Filmed in the style of 300 and Sin City and with intense and bloody battle scenes, we bring to life one of the most iconic times in Scottish history. Live registration of the concert of Kyteman in the Oosterport, Groningen, the Netherlands. This concert was took place as part of a tour after the release of his debut album "The Hermit Sessions" Viktor Navorski is a man without a country; his plane took off just as a coup d'etat exploded in his homeland, leaving it in shambles, and now he's stranded at Kennedy Airport, where he's holding a passport that nobody recognizes. While quarantined in the transit lounge until authorities can figure out what to do with him, Viktor simply goes on living - and courts romance with a beautiful flight attendant. When children start disappearing, a rebellious teen under house arrest starts to suspect that a legendary evil, a boogeyman known as the Cucuy, might be responsible. U.S. Marine Sergeant Logan Thibault returns from his third tour of duty in Iraq, with the one thing he credits with keeping him alive-a photograph he found of a woman he doesn't even know. Learning her name is Beth and where she lives, he shows up at her door, and ends up taking a job at her family-run local kennel. Despite her initial mistrust and the complications in her life, a romance develops between them, giving Logan hope that Beth could be much more than his good luck charm. Hoping to do good while making millions, three college graduates create a startup. But as business begins to flourish, their own bond starts to fray. A cultural relic restorer discovers the skeletons of babies while working in an old mansion. The bloody events of the past drags everyone working on the project into a dark abyss. A woman is forced to confront her past when her nine-year-old sister runs away after discovering a family secret. BAILIWICK is the story of John, a lonely, quiet man who is given a magical gift that changes his life. Do you like magic? Bailiwick is not officially rated but the director suggests a PG-13 rating for language and violence. Vikram, an ambitious young man who wants to get rich quick, is dejected when his project is rejected by his wealthy client Chandrasekar. He tries to take revenge and that is when he crosses the path of Chandrasekar's daughter Sruthi... Los Reyes County, Arizona. Leland, a retired lawman, works with Wallace, the new sheriff who replaces him, when a vicious hit man, sent by a Mexican drug cartel, threatens their border small town. Dora, a girl who has spent most of her life exploring the jungle with her parents, now must navigate her most dangerous adventure yet: high school. Always the explorer, Dora quickly finds herself leading Boots (her best friend, a monkey), Diego, and a rag tag group of teens on an adventure to save her parents and solve the impossible mystery behind a lost Inca civilization. Admiral James T. Kirk is feeling old; the prospect of accompanying his old ship the Enterprise on a two week cadet cruise is not making him feel any younger. But the training cruise becomes a life or death struggle when Khan escapes from years of exile and captures the power of creation itself. After a mysterious global crisis, a young girl is left alone to hide from a malevolent power that stalks her home. Her parents eventually return and the struggle begins to save their daughter. Three students that are brutally murdered over the weekend as the students and staff are getting ready for the annual 'Wildcat Night', but the murderer walks among the peers ready to strike again, in this slasher flick. Shannon and Kris embark on a cross country road trip, to put back the pieces of their strained friendship. But it all falls apart when their car breaks down in Kain, Arizona. A place where you can check in anytime you want, but you can never leave. The true life events of four friends come to screen with a story of self-discovery, pain of friendship, love of loss. Candie is a bisexual who has a perfect setup with multiple partners until everyone starts dying around her. A newly appointed cemetery chairman believes that, merely by inserting a black plot-marking pin into a wall-sized map of the cemetery, he can cause the deaths of that plot's owner. When Ripley's lifepod is found by a salvage crew over 50 years later, she finds that terra-formers are on the very planet they found the alien species. When the company sends a family of colonists out to investigate her story--all contact is lost with the planet and colonists. They enlist Ripley and the colonial marines to return and search for answers. A group of young people went on a abandoned hostel in Sligo, Ireland. After they play a really creepy game, all of them disappear. It focuses on Lester who, upon getting the cursed bagua, starts to get all the luck and prosperity he could get in his life, but with deadly consequences. Batman and Robin struggling to survive in a apocalyptic third world. Interstellar travel at sub-light speeds: the enormous distances, isolation from human culture and the aching loneliness of space are enough to drive the strongest personality insane. Better to block all memories of human contact and to program the 12-strong crew to accept only the reality they can see and touch within their spacecraft. But a child born on "the Station" becomes insistent on learning the truth about 'Outside'. Four Navy SEALs on a covert mission to neutralize a high-level Taliban operative must make an impossible moral decision in the mountains of Afghanistan that leads them into an enemy ambush. As they confront unthinkable odds, the SEALs must find reserves of strength and resilience to fight to the finish. The discography of Roy Orbison (1936-1988) - which yielded some of the most heartfelt, passionate classics of the rock 'n' roll era - shined even brighter with the release of Mystery Girl, the last album Orbison recorded, in 1989. The commercial success of Mystery Girl was nothing short of impressive: the album was a Top 5 hit, eventually earning Orbison his first platinum award for over 1 million sales, and featured the worldwide Top 10 smash "You Got It." Mystery Girl: Unraveled features a new hour-long documentary on the making of the album, executive produced by Roy's sons. The documentary includes new interviews with those behind the album including Steve Cropper, Tom Petty, Mick Campbell and Jeff Lynne. In addition there are eight wonderful music videos, including an unreleased alternate video for "She's a Mystery to Me" and three new videos for "The Way Is Love," "You Got It" and "California Blue. Alex, Emily, and their son, RJ, are new to Los Angeles. A chance meeting at the park introduces them to the mysterious Kurt, Charlotte, and Max. A family "playdate" becomes increasingly interesting as the night goes on. After his fiancee, Kate, dies in an accident on their wedding day, veterinarian Henry grows depressed. To help him move on, his sister has him visit psychic Ashley and gives her Kate's diary. Ashley uses the journal's details to convincingly deliver the fake message that Kate wants Henry to move on. However, Kate's ghost is watching over Ashley and Henry. Furious when they fall for each other, she vows to sabotage their relationship. Sam doesn't speak; she hums with the trees and the cracks in the walls. When her caregiver mysteriously disappears from the group home, Sam steps into the world to find her. THE MISSING GIRL tells the story of Mort, the lonely and disillusioned owner of a comic book shop, and Ellen, the emotionally disruptive graphic novelist he's hired. The story involves the search for a girl who isn't missing and the discovery that it's never too late for late bloomers. Middle-aged suburban husband Richard abruptly tells his wife, Maria, that he wants a divorce. As Richard takes up with a younger woman, Maria enjoys a night on the town with her friends and meets a younger man. As the couple and those around them confront a seemingly futile search for what they've lost -- love, excitement, passion -- this classic American independent film explores themes of aging and alienation. In the first half of this century, young Li Tienlu joins a travelling puppet theatre and subsequently makes a career as one of Taiwan's leading puppeteers. Enrique Hubermann, homeopathic physician, travels in flight from a love. By a joke of fate, in that distant place he meets the woman he wants to forget, a beautiful young woman like a demon who manipulates men and triggers dangerous passions. The film shows how passion can save lives and push the human experience beyond limits around the work of glass artist Jeremy Wintrebert. After a police chase with an otherworldly being, a New York City cop is recruited as an agent in a top-secret organization established to monitor and police alien activity on Earth: the Men in Black. Agent Kay and new recruit Agent Jay find themselves in the middle of a deadly plot by an intergalactic terrorist who has arrived on Earth to assassinate two ambassadors from opposing galaxies. REPARATION is a powerful psychological thriller that swirls like a funnel cloud around Bob Stevens -- a small-town farmer with a three-year hole in his memory. When a mysterious stranger, Jerome, shows up claiming to have been his best friend in the Air Force Police, Bob's peaceful existence begins to unravel from the outside in. Bob's entire family is caught in the storm -- but none more than Bob's eight year-old daughter, Charlotte, who discovers that she might hold the key to conjuring Bob's forgotten past. As Charlotte comes to learn, "every time something happens that knocks us out of balance, we try doing something that will knock us back in..." That universal theme of balance is the soul of REPARATION. An American nanny is shocked that her new English family's boy is actually a life-sized doll. After she violates a list of strict rules, disturbing events make her believe that the doll is really alive. The rumor of Slit mouth woman is blasting in LA. Claire (Lauren Taylor) sees the nightmare of her every night. She met the professor of the urban legends research and talk about the phenomenon. She finds out that the incidents are not just Slit mouth woman but the other urban legends from Japan. The professor assumes that some of the homicides are relates to Japanese Urban Legends and ghosts, which are actually happened in LA. A few days later, she scared of illusion of Japanese Urban Legends and realizes that she herself is turning into the woman. The Cal Crew (Caucasian Love Returned) Music Videos: 1. Leo's Club (Caucasian Love Returned) 2. Shayda (Caucasian Love Returned) 3. The Cal Crew (Caucasian Love Returned) (Orgy Mix 2) 4. Jeanie Say Vassup (Caucasian Love Returned) 5. Pain to Penelope (Caucasian Love Returned) 6. The Cal Crew (Caucasian Love Returned) (Electro Mix) 7. The Cal Crew (Caucasian Love Returned) (Orgy Mix 1) 8. The Cal Crew (Caucasian Love Returned) 9. Jeanie (Caucasian Love Returned) (Boyband Mix) 10. The Cal Crew (Caucasian Love Returned) (Club Medley) 1 11. The Cal Crew (Caucasian Love Returned) (Club Medley) 2 12. The Cal Crew (Caucasian Love Returned) (Club Medley) 3 13. The Cal Crew [MAIN EDITION/MIX] (Caucasian Love Returned) 14. Leo's Club (Caucasian Love Returned) Version 2 Nikhil Siddharth and Swati Reddy are back once again onscreen with Karthikeya. The mystery of the Subramanian Swamy temple which has remained closed for years is the crux of the movie. Local people in the village are curious why the temple has been locked up for years? The lead protagonists take the initiative to solve the mystery. Thirty Lights is a journey into a world that slowly disappears, seen from the perspective of four girls who inhabit it. Two siblings begin to develop special talents after they find a mysterious box of toys, and soon their parents and even their teacher are drawn into a strange new world - and find a task ahead of them that is far more important than any of them could imagine. A man inherits a mansion, which once was a mental home. He visits the place and begins to investigate some crimes that happened in old times, scaring the people living in the region. Paul meets John while he's out running. A sinister chain of events arouses his suspicions about his new friend. But by then it's too late - their lives are bound together by a shared fate. On a prom-night dare, a trio of high school friends chant an incantation, unleashing an evil spirit from the past with deadly consequences. When young and successful reporter Jamie finds out that her sister has died in mysterious circumstances, she travels to Singapore to uncover the truth. There, she discovers multiple deaths linked to her sister's and must join forces with her sister's husband in order to defeat a demonic entity that is using new technology to complete an ancient mission. Two room mates finally get a new fridge from their landlord but it is old, broke, and haunted. In 1929 music teacher Paul Leinert receives an unexpected letter from his old friend Otto Schiffmann, a young and talented composer who has moved away from Berlin after a failed marriage. The letter is an invitation for Paul to come and visit Otto in his forest cabin - and to become familiar with his new work, a long-awaited symphony. Taking along his wife Anna together with his colleague Willi, the three find Otto's cabin but their host is nowhere to be seen. As they go looking for him, Paul notices something odd about the song of the local birds... Single father Aaron fights to save his 12-year-old hemophiliac son after becoming infected with vampire blood. Five years after taking the fall for his younger brother, a tormented ex-con flees parole to find his kidnapped baby niece. One step ahead of the police, and one behind an unraveling criminal syndicate, he must once again sacrifice everything in the name of family. An old professor and his student go mountain climbing together. While confronting his unfaithful boyfriend, Dusty blacks-out. When he comes to, his boyfriend has been murdered and he's the prime suspect. Three lighthouse keepers on an uninhabited island off the coast of Scotland discover something that isn't theirs to keep. Can and his mother Derya live an ordinary country life. But after a while his mother starts to exhibit strange behavior. Intrigued by Derya's enigmatic behavior Can begins to wonder about his mother's childhood. An amnesiac man is found running blood stained and half naked through the Brecon Beacons. Hunted by the police and military, is he a homicidal terrorist or innocent pawn? A skeptical grad student and a renowned paranormal specialist investigate a potentially haunted home and the troubled woman inside whose affliction may be beyond the capacity of either of them. Based on true events, the movie follows the story of three low class gangsters from a small Chinese province as they travel to Shanghai to offer an unique deal to the city most powerfull mob boss Raoul Kai (Christian Kang Bachini), steal a huge amount of gold for which they have exclusive and proved intel. The deal seems too good to be true and soon Raoul finds out that the three gangsters have been sent by his long time rival uncle Tong (Shui Re) in order to destabilize his organization from the inside and finally kill him. With no one left to trust Raoul must count on his own survival and strategical skills in order to save his life and protect his empire. 89 tells the incredible story of one of football's greatest triumphs: when against all odds Arsenal snatched the Championship title from Liverpool at Anfield in the last minute of the last game of the 1988/89 season. It's a universal tale of a band of brothers who, led by a charismatic and deeply respected manager, came together to defy the odds and create history. A science fiction thriller that takes place in 1968's Mexico and deals with identity in a metaphorical way, as the plot involves a mysterious condition that makes all persons locked inside a bus station on a rainy night to adopt the same face and features. The angel Gabriel comes to Earth to collect a soul which will end the stalemated war in Heaven, and only a former priest and a little girl can stop him. Januari 1963. Ondanks het barre weer besluit het bestuur van het Friese Elfstedencomite, onder druk van de media, met de kleinst mogelijke meerderheid van stemmen, dat de Elfstedentocht doorgaat. Tussen de duizenden die een startbewijs veroveren bevinden zich soldaat Henk Buma (Cas Janssen), boerenzoon Sjoerd Lelkama (Lourens van den Akker), arbeider Kees Ferwerda (Chris Zegers) en verpleegkundige Annemiek (Chava voor in 't Holt). Alle vier hebben zo hun reden om deze tocht der tochten te rijden. Door de dramatische en heroische gebeurtenissen zal deze Elfstedentocht, ook voor Henk, Sjoerd, Kees en Annemiek, als een van de meest legendarische de geschiedenis ingaan. The Emerging Past Director's Cut 2017 English Movie A brief fling between a male disc jockey and an obsessed female fan takes a frightening, and perhaps even deadly turn when another woman enters the picture. A framed bank clerk breaks jail and is sheltered by a vicar until the culprit is caught in Soho. The United States' involvement in the Vietnam War. In a perfect commercial style we are introduced to a beautiful woman working for spiritual welfare. A man who has turned on the gas, calls her for help On a quest to find out what happened to his missing brother, a scientist, his nephew and their mountain guide discover a fantastic and dangerous lost world in the center of the earth. Cecilia is home alone. She is 14 years old and spends her day listening to music, reading, eating frozen food, drinking alcohol, swimming in the pool and writing T.S Eliot poems on the wall of her room. It's okay to feel intimidated - it's one night out with four talented women who are probably smarter than you, most likely sexier than you and definitely funnier than you. Top comediennes and close friends Amy Schumer, Rachel Feinstein, Nikki Glaser and Marina Franklin come together in New York City for a special evening of killer comedy and sharp humor that will have you doubled over with laughter and begging for more. Three years after the fall of the Berlin Wall; six months before the split of Czechoslovakia. Despite all warnings, a young homicide detective sets on investigating a convoluted case that involves Catholic clerical elite and high-ranked agents of the former secret service. A dark drama where hopeless naivety wars with emotional resilience in the life of Gloria, a London waitress. Always selfless and looking for the good in people, Gloria attempts to juggle a woeful love life with the endless demands of a dysfunctional family, oblivious to her link to an unsolved murder. As the investigation reaches a climax, Gloria learns that caring can be a dangerous game. A man and his wife living in a remote farmhouse are interrupted by a stranger, who is taken prisoner and interrogated by the husband. Iconic snowboarder Travis Rice and friends embark on a multi-year mission to follow the North Pacific Gyre's flow. As Rice and the crew experience the highs and lows of a journey unlike any previously attempted, cutting-edge cinematography captures some of the world's most remote environments bringing breathtaking scenery and thrilling action to viewers worldwide.  A lonely girl befriend a witch in the woods who has alter motives in this adult fairy tale. A happy young couple welcomes their first child shortly after getting married. Their joy quickly turns to fear when the girl starts acting strangely and unexplained phenomena start happening around the house. A psychologist who begins working with a young boy who has suffered a near-fatal fall finds himself drawn into a mystery that tests the boundaries of fantasy and reality. Two women retreat to a lake house to get a break from the pressures of the outside world, only to realize how disconnected from each other they have become, allowing their suspicions to bleed into reality. Drama is in fluid supply at the TV renuion of the reality tv show Ulterior Motives, but so is murder. When an artifact known as the "King's Seal" is stolen during transport from Soul Society, Hitsugaya Toushirou is assigned to retrieve it. Toushirou goes missing after a battle with the thieves, leading Seireitei to suspect him of treachery. They order his immediate capture and execution. Unwilling to believe him capable of such a crime, Ichigo, Rangiku, Rukia, and Renji set out to find Toushirou. Based upon the book written by South African author Leon van Nierop, and the 1980s TV series it spawned, this drama focuses on the mysterious disappearance of celebrated writer Jacques Rynhard (Armand Aucamp), and the investigative hunt for him launched by journalist Carina Human (DonnaLee Roberts). Christia Visser, Rolanda Marais and Jacques Bessenger co-star. A beautiful Marshallese girl's concern for her vanishing, low lying islands causes her to discover a way to change the entire world in order to save her beloved homeland. A global warming fairy tale. Selina is a girl who has a sixth sense and can see another world. Heaven is a beautiful, clean suburban paradise as long as they follow one simple rule: DO NOT communicate with "The Evil One" that dwells on the other side of a giant wall that circles the town. One day after chasing one he discovers a talking kitten with a broken leg a small child crawls through a hole in the wall and meets the Evil One, who attempts to teach him the forbidden knowledge that was previously hidden from them all. An investigation into one woman's memory as she's forced to re-examine her first sexual relationship and the stories we tell ourselves in order to survive. Every town has a devil. For the small community of Braxton, that devil is Tommy Miller. A bullied and tormented teen who finally snapped, killing his friends and family at the annual Braxton town hall party, Miller escaped into the woods, never to be seen or heard from again. Until now. Ten years later, a group of fresh-faced teens find themselves targeted by a masked man in a hooded cloak. It's up to Detective Ryan Fenton and his fish-out-of-water partner to protect the town from Miller's clutches; there's just one issue - Ryan himself is a survivor of the original massacre. Is Miller opening up a new chapter, or has he returned to attend to some unfinished business? A teenage girl moves with her father for the summer to Stillwater, Minnesota. She meets two misfit kids and together they work to unearth a secret the town hides. Pro wrestling legend Steve Austin stars as a man with no name, no memory and absolutely nothing left to lose. But when he finds himself hunted by both the FBI and the Russian mob, this amnesiac decides to fight back. Pursuit cannot stop him. Torture will not break him. And with every beating, bullet and betrayal, he'll remember another piece of the horror that took away his career, his family and his identity. Now the puzzle is nearly complete, and one man is about to take back his past...by ending a whole lot of futures. Erica Cerra ("Eureka") and Adam Beach (Flags of Our Fathers) star in this explosive action-thriller about collateral damage, stone cold vengeance, and a double-crossed killing machine known only as The Stranger Investigative reporter Nicola Wilson is determined to find out why a jet headed from South America to Paris disappeared in the Atlantic, taking her close friend and 211 other passengers with it. How can a plane just disappear? As Nicola digs deeper and deeper into this mystery, she puts her job, friends and very livelihood on the the line. Even though she knows nothing about aviation, refuses to fly and doesn't speak French, Nicola quickly uncovers astonishing details about the missing flight. Was it preventable? Has it happened before? Could it happen again? And was it PILOT ERROR? Highest rated and most viewed Dutch documentary of 2012. A free documentary about the rise of the surveillance state by Peter Vlemmix (@petervlemmix).  Synopsis: Control on our daily lives increases and privacy is disappearing. How is this exactly happening and in which way will it effect all our lives? After witnessing a miracle, a young Latina woman experiences strange things as a police detective searches for the truth behind his partner's death. A group of five college graduates rent a cabin in the woods and begin to fall victim to a horrifying flesh-eating virus, which attracts the unwanted attention of the homicidal locals. During the height of summer, Caroline, a forty-year-old Parisian and mother, arrives in a small village in the south of France. She must hastily organize the funeral of her mother, a flighty lawyer, whom she barely used to see. Caroline is welcomed by Pattie, who likes to talk about her love affairs with the local men to anyone who'll listen. Then, while the whole valley gets ready for the traditional mid-summer dance, Caroline's mother's corpse mysteriously disappears... The untold story of Katherine G. Johnson, Dorothy Vaughan and Mary Jackson - brilliant African-American women working at NASA and serving as the brains behind one of the greatest operations in history - the launch of astronaut John Glenn into orbit. The visionary trio crossed all gender and race lines to inspire generations to dream big. A series of mysterious events take place and upon investigation it is revealed that a revenge is been taken of The Murder which was committed many years ago in Federal B Area,Islamabad. An entry-level employee at a powerful corporation finds himself occupying a corner office, but at a dangerous price--he must spy on his boss's old mentor to secure for him a multi-billion dollar advantage.  Silong follows the story of a Doctor Miguel Cascarro (Piolo Pascual) who finds a troubled and mysterious girl named Valerie (Rhian Ramos) lying in the middle of a road. He welcomes her into his home and takes care of her, until an intimate relationship blossoms between them. Will this romance heal their scars from the past, or will it cut deeper wounds? 6 passengers board the last bus, anxious to reach their destination. But fate has other plans for them. Shock, anxiety, deceit, anger, frustration, fear takes over this unexpected journey that twists and turns into a nightmare. A teenager who went missing and was presumed dead returns home after eight years to find a family deeply affected by his disappearance. Gradually, doubts arise about whether he really is the missing boy or an impostor. A new documentary that follows master Haida weaver Delores Churchill on a journey to replicate a spruce root hat discovered with the Long Ago Person Found. The 300-year-old traveler was discovered in British Columbia and DNA testing discovered living descendants in Canada and Alaska. Her search crosses cultures and borders, and involves artists, scholars and scientists. The project raises questions about understanding and interpreting ownership, knowledge and connection. Set in a parallel universe entering a black hole, a woman reading the book of Revelation has visions of regeneration during Anthropocene. August T. Harrison, private eye, comes out of retirement to solve a bizarre missing persons case, but finds himself caught in the middle of a dark conspiracy involving the writings of H.P. Lovecraft. Angels with Tethered Wings is an unusual, quirky and erotic three-part drama - a back-from-the-grave revenge flick about hope and forgiveness! The film follows what happens when a good man does a bad thing for a good reason. He tries to right a wrong by freeing two young lovers but instead forever entraps them to their mortal coils. In the end their collective love for each other will give an almost perfect stranger the wings to fly. A Navy officer tries to set the record straight after the Navy blames a 1989 explosion aboard the USS Iowa on a homosexual affair between two sailors. A crew from a paranormal reality television show lock themselves in a haunted psychiatric hospital. They search for evidence of paranormal activity as they shoot what ends up becoming their final episode. An aging artist discovers that his seemingly perfect suburban life is actually a prison conjured by unknown forces.  What would you do if you witness something extraordinary but cannot talk about it to anyone?Can you keep your sanity intact? What would you do, if a responsibility is assigned to you which might change the fate of universe?Would you be excited or petrified? A school teacher in a village goes through this mind-wrecking journey without a choice.The only choice left to him is whether he could complete the task assigned to him or he should get himself admitted in an asylum. Though the story is in the genre of supernatural thriller,the film tries to tell the story by following the cliches but breaking the rules in which cliches are told. A university research scientist, about to lose funding and status, has a lab accident and discovers he can see people's true intentions -- making his situation even worse. Bob Wagg and Walter Lane live in a tarpaper shack, hunting, fishing, trapping and logging with oxen. They prefer the sounds of the birds to the roar of highway traffic, and scorn the money-chasing of city life. Covering a period of four seasons in the remote backwoods of Maine, Dead River Rough Cut presents a revealing look at an individual way of life. Wagg  and Lane earn a living and accept their isolation for the independence it allows them. But not everyone would want to draw water from a hole in the ice. They share their reflections about women, politics, taxes, the lone life and death. A romantic comedy that brings together three disparate characters who are learning to face a challenging and often confusing world as they struggle together against a common demon: sex addiction. Real estate agent Angie tries to sell an upmarket house to a young couple, the Pinktons. The house has a dark past: its previous owners were murdered in it. Angie has to disclose the facts but to her surprise the Pinktons are more than happy to purchase the property.  Bridger is a young outsider who's always wanted more. He and his mother flee an abusive home, eventually finding a small town in the middle of nowhere. Once there, Bridger finds true acceptance with another misfit. Directed by Pontus Rundqvist.  Comedy icon Dave Chappelle makes his triumphant return to the screen with a pair of blistering, fresh stand-up specials. Filmed at the Moody Theater in Austin, Texas, in April 2015. There are worlds, there are humans and there are Others. But there is only one Time which is the border between worlds. What if time breaks down? Reminiscence based on true events and physics, telling the story of a couple that trying to experiment the unproved parallel time and black-hole theories. They traveled to a town called Cesme for their research. But what they will face is much beyond the human mind. Meet a surgeon who claims to remove highly advance implants, nanotechnology microchips imbedded by aliens, non-humans monitoring our earth. Discover the world of abductions, scalar wave transmissions and a program to study or manipulate the human race. Armed with a patient, a scalpel, black lights and a stud finder -  we seek to verify the authenticity of this alleged Off-World Implant Technology. March 1965. In the heat of the Cold War, the USA and the USSR are competing for supremacy in space. What both superpowers aim for in this race, is to be the first to have a man walk in outer space. To accomplish that, no price is too high and no risk is too great.  Now it's up to the unlikely duo of a seasoned war veteran and a hot-headed test-pilot to fulfill this mission. Two men in a tiny spaceship, without proper testing, facing the complete unknown...  They were supposed to do what no man has done before - and no man imagined what would happen next... The reinvigorated elderly group that left Earth comes back to visit their relatives. Will they all decide to go back to the planet where no one grows old, or will they be tempted to remain on Earth? Sarah &amp; Josh are married suburbanites. After a car accident, Sarah suffers blackouts &amp; ends up pregnant though Josh is sterile. As her life spirals she hides a camera in her home &amp; unlocks a horrific secret with far-reaching consequences. A teenage girl moves with her father for the summer to Stillwater, Minnesota. She meets two misfit kids and together they work to unearth a secret the town hides. Deadly evil forces hunt four curious and ambitious teenagers who stole a black magic manuscript from a witchcrafter who wants it back. When the daughter of the Sun and the Moon is stolen, desperate parents call people to get their baby back. Helpers are given only three days: if at that time, the Sun's daughter will not be found, she will lose her strength and become an ordinary girl. A journey of danger and adventure, which teaches everyone not only to be brave and resourceful, but also helpful. The Latvian animated film is based on folklore motifs. A young woman is brought to Baguio by her new stepfather. While she struggles with her new family and surroundings, she finds herself torn between two young men who bring passion into her life. Suspecting that people around him are turning into evil creatures, a troubled man questions whether to protect his only friend from an impending war, or from himself. In a remote part of the countryside, a bungled kidnapping turns into a living nightmare for four central characters when they cross paths with a psychopathic farmer and all hell breaks loose. In this fast-paced, noirish road movie, a computer expert embezzles half a million dollars and races off to Reno to start anew. Unfortunately, en route, he picks up a pair of hitchers and ends up entangled with a crazed couple who commandeer his car and leave him alone in the desert to die. As soon as he can, he hits the road to get revenge and to find his money before they do. While sorting her dead grandmother's affairs, a young woman boards in a southern mansion and soon discovers the matriarch may desire more than just her company. Thomas Kaiser inherits an ancestral mansion that has been in his family for generations -- only to learn that he has also inherited an ancient curse stemming back to the Crusades. Forced into his new role as "protector" -- the guardian appointed to keep the evil demons in the house at bay -- Thomas teams with an ambitious local realtor and paranormal cleric to unravel the mystery of the house, while struggling to awaken the beautiful Briar Rose, held captive in a terrifying netherworld seen previously in his dreams. Prepare yourself for a sensory overload of epic proportions. Nothing less than the history of the universe, the formation of the stars and planets, the origins of matter, and the daunting post-human future that lies ahead are explored in this mind-bending experience. Photon is an ultra-ambitious summation of human knowledge that combines stunning phantasmagoric visuals and a dense but engaging, even dryly humorous, voiceover in what you might call an experimental science lesson--a crash course in, well, everything. How did we come to be? How are we as we are? The biggest questions are asked, and answered, with inventiveness and aplomb. Photon even delves into the biological foundations of human behaviours such as violence and alcoholism. Dazzling animation visualizes that which we could otherwise not see, ingeniously illustrating details of quantum physics. It's a strong dose of eye and brain candy in equal measure. The story of Maria, a woman betrayed by his companion, David, when he steals a sack of money and flees, taking refuge in the island of Pico. Furious and determined to avenge herself, she proposes to an Police Inspector, Lucas, to chase and to find David. However, David, on a visit to the island of Faial, falls in love with a local, Marina. Maria and Lucas look for David in the Azores, they cross with Mariana in Faial and the three will discover David in his house of the mountain, at the top of the Peak. In a final confrontation, as in a Greek tragedy, Mary and David adjust the accounts that fate has traced to them. Three lighthouse keepers on an uninhabited island off the coast of Scotland discover something that isn't theirs to keep. Sandra, a private investigator on maternity leave is disturbed by Jenny, her own assistant to meet Olga, a Russian expat whose son is missing. Little do they know that they will have to venture into one of the most sinister stories that a little island like Malta has to tell. Kurt, Olga's son, is not the only person missing. A mysterious man is breeding worms inside their bodies, the most atrocious way. A woman moves from NYC to LA after a murder, in which she is implicated. She is followed by what is apparently her evil alter- ego. She moves into a room for rent by a writer, and he begins having an affair with her, but after some strange things happen, he's not so sure if the affair is with her or her doppelganger. On a remote island off the coast of Maine, Liv, after years of silence, begins to weave a language out of Shakespeare's words. A driven neurologist, brought to the island to protect her, commits her to a psychiatric hospital. She becomes a full-blow rebel in the hospital; her increasing violence threatens to keep her locked up for life as she fights for her voice and her freedom. Sensing evil, a haunted house tour guide seeks a medium's help only to be warned that she is facing a vengeful power beyond her control.  Greta's dad Tom is moving the family cross-country in a dented station wagon, promising a California paradise to his kids. All that's missing is Mom. 1976: Two young journalists leave for the French-Swiss border to investigate a strange case of cattle mutilations and record testimonies for a TV channel. Yet, once they get there, the scientific team they were supposed to meet has gone missing. Escorted by a first-aider, a British biologist and an American forensic investigator, Melissa and David will go looking for the missing team deep into the mountains. A group of friends awake one morning to find all electricity and power shut off and an immense alien aircraft hovering in the air above their heads. Suddenly this regular group of friends is battling to survive as the entire human race is threatened by the alien army hovering ominously above. ANTONY, a stressed out, grown up, toy collector, has lost his youthful ways. Perhaps he lost his vigor through years of telemarketing, or it could be his constant struggle with the modern world. But maybe, just maybe it's because he finds himself in a loveless relationship with his lady of ten years, ROSE. Is it time for Antony to grow up and join the new age "sonic healing cult"?  Or will he take the sage advice offered by his 7 year old nephew and find himself again? The Unbidden is a thriller about four women confronted by a mysterious young man who knows a dark secret from their past. She's the most beautiful, most short-sighted, most sentimental, most perplexing, most obstinate, most untrustworthy and most troubling of heroines. The lady in the car has never seen the sea. On the run from the police, she keeps telling herself that she's not crazy... Only... A car crash prevents Jeanine Markham, a world-renowned astrophysicist, from delivering her controversial lecture about her findings. The accident puts Jeanine at the cross roads of conscious and subconscious, between Comatose and awake as she struggles to live. But even in her vegetative unresponsive state, her mind, slipping between the two realities, continues her quest to deliver the truth. For Jeanine's husband and others, accepting the irrefutable proof that she presents is unthinkable - that we're alone in the universe, that no deity hears or answers our prayers nor punishes our sins, that humanity is entirely the product of random events, and that our sufferings, indeed our lives and loves are ultimately pointless. Her journey, stuck between the two worlds, becomes shrouded by dark and mysterious events that create a whirlwind of tumultuous emotions and terrifying realizations. Miller lives alone in an abandoned Alabama slaughterhouse. His memory and sanity are shattered and his only company is the spirit of his lover, who was murdered a decade ago. Ruth arrives, desperate to discover the truth about her mother's death. She stays with Miller for three nights. Together they piece together the fragments of his memory, but they are horrified at what they uncover. Two fugitives land in hot water when they take a hostage who poses a threat to their well-being. NEUROO-X, a German-Swiss-Chinese entertainment company group, stands for games that dissolve the boundary between reality and gaming). A new gadget, the myth-enshrouded RED BOOK, offers the ultimate gaming experience. The most secret longings of gamers are scanned by the engine and transformed into fantastic adventures. The conspiracy psychoses of users are the raw material for the storytelling of NEUROO-X. Marcus, Chief Development Manager of NEUROO-X dies shortly before completion of the RED BOOK. His lover Ryuko finds out that something terrible happened during testing of the game in China, and the deeper she submerges into the secret of NEUROO-X, the more she loses touch with reality. She neglects her son Walter, who logs into the game and disappears into the digital parallel world. The more Ryuko fights the corporation in order to rescue her son, the more she updates the narrative desired by NEUROO-X. Ryuko finds herself in a world full of demons, witches, knights and terrorists. On a whim, Eve, a young Swedish traveler, accepts an invitation from Peter to vacation on his family's private island off the coast of New England. As a series of unexpected delays prevent other guests from arriving, Eve discovers that she has little in common with the increasingly erratic Peter. Gradually the idyllic natural beauty of the island gives way and Eve finds herself trapped in a state of surreality punctuated by bizarre visions, dimensional shifting and secret pizza. Cruel revenge...a confession even crueler than that.  Movie director Byeong-cheon invites high school student Se-yeong over to his house to interview her for a character in his next movie. He relives her nerves with some vodka and starts the interview on a good note but things change when Byeong-cheon brings out his real intentions. For two decades, Hollywood psychic Kioma Son has lived apart from her destiny. This night, she meets a tall dark stranger and everything changes - Forever. When new motherhood meets mental health complications in America, no one is listening. Two mothers, confront the American health care system, demanding answers, asking why so many women are slipping through the cracks? A disturbed single mother confronts a mysterious stranger and the echoes of her past to protect her home. While her mother is away on business, a young girl home alone with her older brother witnesses her neighbor's kidnapping. But no one believes her--not her brother, not the cops. So she takes matters into her own hands putting her life at risk to save her neighbor. Dongchul, who is managing a small bar, is always enthusiastic about his school reunions. One day, Yujin, who has never showed up to a reunion, shows up at his bar. Her baby face and vitality make her unlike other married women and all the men fall for her, especially Dongchul. They start a relationship but it abruptly flames out due to the sudden arrival of Dongchul's wife. As they get to know each other's secrets, will their love be allowed to grow? The story is about Eva, a Ukrainian girl who has come to Milan to work as a model. As soon as she arrives in Italy she attracts the attention of the male world. All of the men that she encounters seem to be solely interested in exploiting her beauty: and so we have Luke, the stalker, who never stops tormenting her with text messages and phone calls; Airoldi, the shady television producer, who offers her various jobs in exchange for her sexual favours, and lastly, Tom, a vile photographer, who has no scruples whatsoever. After being raped at a party by Tom and two of his colleagues, Eva is invited by Cindy, her flatmate, to a sort of Sabbath, attended solely by women, in a place outside Milan. From that moment on, the gateway to success in the fashion world opens before Eva and, at the same time, a tremendous vendetta begins against the violent male world. When a local woman disappears and the police can't seem to find any leads, her father turns to a poor young woman with psychic powers. Slowly she starts having visions of the woman chained and in a pond. Her visions lead to the body and the arrest of an abusive husband, but did he really do it? When a priest is jailed for the murder of a nun on whom he was performing an exorcism, an investigative journalist strives to determine whether he in fact murdered a mentally ill person, or if he lost the battle with a demonic presence. A photographer remembers that special summer that he spent with his somewhat older cousin, the feelings that were awakened, and the unexpected turn of events behind his "best" photo. When massive volcanic storms begin to spew from the Earth, geophysicist Kate Ferris tries to convince the Department of Defense that this is no natural phenomenon. After a successful debut, novelist Sam Lamont (Jeremy Koerner) struggles to meet a looming deadline for his next book. Frustrated and desperate for inspiration, he begins to follow a mysterious drifter (Bill Olson) that appears in town. But when bodies start piling up and Sam's new muse proves to be more than just a harmless transient, his sanity and career are put in jeopardy as he goes on the run. Taking refuge with his family far from the city, it soon becomes clear to Sam that his stalker may have a deeper motive for his erratic behavior in this terrifying psychological thriller. Since his childhood, interested in cars, car races and dreamed to be a rally pilot but became a minibus driver in Ankara. This movie tells Yusuf's story full of action as well as comedy. Koji Mariko engaged in cleaning shop and (Yoko Kamon) husband (Mutsuo Yoshioka) is, lovebird, which was bear fruit dating from the school days. But Koji is dabbled in dubious business repeated failure, unawares debt increases dramatically to a huge amount After a bank robbery gone wrong, the Gang drives out of town to hide but they run out of gas on a deserted road and go on foot deep into the woods. There they find an old dilapidated house occupied by a mysterious young Woman and her Grandmother. As they insist on staying, the Grandmother tells them that it is the night if Ang Kumakatok (Those Who Knock), a mythical being who takes away a soul from the occupants of the house they knock in. As the dead of night unfolds, we realize who they all really are and when the knock comes, none of them can run away from an evil that stays in their soul. Schmitke is an old German wind turbine engineer. One day, he is dispatched to the Czech side of the Ore Mountains to fix an old squeaking wind turbine. His colleague disappears and mysterious things begin to happen in the forest. A middle aged American woman unexpectedly discovers her true origin after her parents died. Deeply moved, in the midst of an identity crisis, she decides to travel, hoping to find her birth mother whom she hads never known. She goes to a small and remote place in the South of Italy, Montedoro. john f kennedy Kalima, a young foreigner just arrived in Buenos Aires, attends a job interview, without suspecting that the job is with a mysterious sect working in the human trafficking business. Coffin Dreams is a surreal, dark, rom-com thriller. When Nat wakes up in a coffin in the middle of nowhere she has no idea what's happened to her or how she will get out. Throughout the film, we follow Nat as she tries to figure out what's reality and what are her dreams. The mysterious and deadly Nodding Syndrome has affected thousands of children in Northern Uganda, leaving them hovering in a zombie-like state between life and death. Angwech Collines saw her own childhood despair in the eyes of these children and was compelled to act. In a race against time, can she save the next generation of Uganda's youth from this killer condition, in the face of bureaucracy, poverty, and superstition? Pro wrestling legend Steve Austin stars as a man with no name, no memory and absolutely nothing left to lose. But when he finds himself hunted by both the FBI and the Russian mob, this amnesiac decides to fight back. Pursuit cannot stop him. Torture will not break him. And with every beating, bullet and betrayal, he'll remember another piece of the horror that took away his career, his family and his identity. Now the puzzle is nearly complete, and one man is about to take back his past...by ending a whole lot of futures. Erica Cerra ("Eureka") and Adam Beach (Flags of Our Fathers) star in this explosive action-thriller about collateral damage, stone cold vengeance, and a double-crossed killing machine known only as The Stranger Sibylle, a pragmatic architect, mother and wife, witnesses a suicide of a woman her age while on vacation in Italy. Devastated by this incident, it causes the perception of her life and her family to change. Something inside of her has been set in motion that seems to endanger everything which she has defined herself by... Two peasants are ill-prepared for life in the big city after moving from their tiny village to Bombay. This is a film about love, ten bottles of vodka and a town that must sink. Because when hope is gone, Miracle is the last resort. Convicted felon Max Truemont (played by Josh Holloway) is hired to execute a kidnapping of the son of one of the richest women in the state. Along with his fiancee Roxanne (played by Sarah Wayne Callies), Max joins two other strangers who were also hired by the same absent mastermind behind the kidnapping. Over the course of one torturous night, a suicidal woman and the violent home intruder that saved her life test the limits of human endurance and the boundaries of forgiveness. Three beautiful, vengeful witches awakened by an ancient book, the Necronomicon, bring production of a film in their old family home to a deadly halt. Tom's birthday dinner party is turned upside down by the unexpected arrival of Alice, an old flame who changed her identity and vanished without a trace 15 years prior. A Group of teenagers test the legend of an immortal witch and get more than they bargained for. It's almost Halloween and six young people, spooked but not undaunted by the folklore surrounding an old haunted house, make their way to the abode of the legendary Wicked, perhaps hoping to provoke the malevolent witch, but clearly not prepared for what they've certainly unleashed. Set in the 22nd century, when a battered salvage ship sends out a distress signal, the seasoned crew of the rescue hospital ship Nova-17 responds. What they find is a black hole--that threatens to destroy both ships--and a mysterious survivor whose body quickly mutates into a monstrous and deadly form. Lucas, a young lawyer obsessed with crime novels, turns a chance encounter with a beautiful woman into a date ending in his bed. But when he wakes up alone, missing a secret stash of cash, the game's afoot. Inspired by his favorite gumshoes, Lucas looks for clues. What was once a love story becomes the caper to end all capers. A psychotic US marine becomes an agent of chaos in a village in southern Mexico during a social uprising. On his journey towards Death, he discovers the truth behind a local tragedy involving a mysterious pregnant girl, and decides to do something about it... but gets it all wrong. As the devoutly single Don Johnston is dumped by his latest girlfriend, he receives an anonymous pink letter informing him that he has a son who may be looking for him. Identity and self-discovery evolve in an epic journey through the majesty of a Mexico rarely seen. EL GANZO chronicles a brief and intense connection between two lonely travelers: a struggling artist on the verge of a creative breakthrough and a mysterious woman with a hidden and unknown past. Sweetpea searches for her missing rock star boyfriend Jamie in a forest in Japan. Documentary / Horror - Ghosts and demons send chills up your spine, but there is something extra disturbing when they are children! Meet Children of the Damned who can be found shrieking in tunnels, moving objects, animating dolls, haunting the living and looking for revenge. In the middle of a routine patrol, officer Daniel Carter happens upon a blood-soaked figure limping down a deserted stretch of road. He rushes the young man to a nearby rural hospital staffed by a skeleton crew, only to discover that patients and personnel are transforming into something inhuman. As the horror intensifies, Carter leads the other survivors on a hellish voyage into the subterranean depths of the hospital in a desperate bid to end the nightmare before it's too late. Three different kinds of love stories in one picture all of them top-billed by Sharon Cuneta. One is "I LOVE YOU MOOMOO" where she played the young bride who died while on her honeymoon. In the second "SILID" she was an interior decorator who decided to unravel the mystery of the forbidden room. While in the third episode "KARUGTONG NG KAHAPON" she was the wife torn between the abusive husband whom she loved and the former boyfriend who still cared for her. In 1630s New England, William and Katherine lead a devout Christian life with five children, homesteading on the edge of an impassable wilderness, exiled from their settlement when William defies the local church. When their newborn son vanishes and crops mysteriously fail, the family turns on one another. Feluda and his cousin Topshe goes to Lucknow with Topshe's father to spend the Puja vacation. They arrived at the house of Dhirendra Kumar Sanyal, a friend of Topshe's father. That evening Dr. Shrivastav also came to Dhirendra Kumar Sanyal and tells him about last night, a thief tried to steal his 'Ring of Aurangzeb' (The Emperor's Ring) which was given to him by Pyarilaal Seth. After the incident Dr. Shrivastav has been afraid and asks Dhirendra Kumar Sanyal to keep the ring safe. Dhirendra Kumar Sanyal agreed and keeps the ring to his home. But someday the ring goes missing from there. Then Feluda and Topshe started investigation for the culprit. Meanwhile, Feluda meets an interesting person in doctor's neighborhood, Mr. Bonobihari Sarkar. Bonobihari babu has ferocious and poisonous creatures like crocodile, African tiger, hyena, rattlesnake, scorpion and black widow spider in his own home. Five years after an unexplained malfunction causes the death of 15 tour-goers and staff on the opening night of a Halloween haunted house tour, a documentary crew travels back to the scene of the tragedy to find out what really happened. When Cho loses her husband Ying and her family business in a massive typhoon, she is devastated.Then the villagers begin receiving mail from Ying. Is he really dead? Sixteen year old Jude discovers each and every one of his fears is true. A middle-aged couple has a drifter enter their lives. The fish-store owners find that the mysterious young man awakens the couple in ways they didn't expect. Things get tense when the drifter begins an affair with the woman of the house. In a dystopian future, a totalitarian regime maintains peace by subduing the populace with a drug, and displays of emotion are punishable by death. A man in charge of enforcing the law rises to overthrow the system. The Sublet is a suspense driven psychological thriller about Joanna, a new mom coping with her baby alone in an odd sublet apartment. As her husband neglects her to focus on his career, Joanna questions her sanity as she discovers a violent past to the apartment and suspects that the building may be haunted. Set in the late 21st century, an MRI scanner is introduced at the National Research Institute of Police Science's 9th Forensics Laboratory. The machine is able to scan the memories from even the deceased. As ethical questions arise over the machine's use, the 9th Forensics Laboratory members, including rookie Ikko Aoki and Chief Tsuyoshi Maki, struggle to solve cases. As the war between the vampires and the Lycans rages on, Selene, a former member of the Death Dealers (an elite vampire special forces unit that hunts werewolves), and Michael, the werewolf hybrid, work together in an effort to unlock the secrets of their respective bloodlines. 'Terror of Frankenstein' is an exercise in extreme meta-fictional tragicomedy. Presented as the commentary track of a rushed reissue of a forgotten (but 100% genuine) Frankenstein film's DVD (because of unspecified 'recent events'), this project transforms the film into an entirely new, very human horror story. Featuring Clu Gulager as the director of the 1977 original who is happily exploiting the unmentioned tragedy linked to the film, the recording session unravels a mystery as he clashes with the screenwriter (Zack Brown) and, ultimately, its star (Leon Vitali from Stanley Kubrick's Eyes Wide Shut and Barry Lyndon, playing himself.) 'Terror of Frankenstein' is Mystery Science Theater 3000 by way of Sartre, an icy satire of the monsters onscreen, behind the camera, and in the audience. Inspired by true events; An immigration story of a gymnast from Bulgaria with a heart of gold and stars in her eyes. She is adopted into a traveling Circus of psychedelic characters and finds herself on a journey, to the Land of the Free* Will she live her Dream? Or fail to escape the dogma of a man's world. An adventure of a young woman striving to Stand Tall and be Free! Four friends at a prestigious university whose promising futures are jeopardized when they become connected to the accidental death of a classmate. When another student says she knows about their involvement, the friends panic and start to plot her murder. The Death of Superman and Reign of the Supermen now presented as an over two-hour unabridged and seamless animated feature. Witness the no-holds-barred battle between the Justice League and an unstoppable alien force known only as Doomsday, a battle that only Superman can finish and will forever change the face of Metropolis. Professor Jay Verma finds himself in a precarious situation amidst his failing career and crumbling marital relationship. Struggling to make his way out, he seeks help from Ronnie, a student in lieu of his help to complete Ronnie's thesis. The two strike a deal, however, soon things go awry and the professor begins to question his own sanity. Ghost Rockets centers on human desire to explore and explain the unknown. The film weaves together an ambitious UFO investigation with a personal story that gives a rare insight into the hearts and minds of a UFO-investigator.  Every year, the organization UFO-Sweden receives numerous reports about inexplicable occurrences - usually dismissed as having to do with the moon, airplanes, satellites or mental instability on the part of the witness. Sometimes, though, they get a report that they are unable to explain, one of them being the story of the ghost rocket. A journalist for a leading newspaper, while he tries to expose a political conspiracy, unravels the nexus between politics, business and the media and comes in contact with the real world of hypocrisy and sham. Hans has killed the dog of Firmin, a shepherd. Wild with rage, Firmin kidnaps Elsi, Hans' fiancee and locks her up at his home. Hans, a peddler, vows to find the missing girl. This is what he does and he manages, with the help of Manu, the village idiot, to give Elsi a letter. On seeing her, the changeling falls in love at first sight with the young woman. Elsi soon realizes that Manu can become her instrument of vengeance. Combining his amazing talent and his unorthodox sense of humor, Jeff Dunham returns, yet again, with a hilarious stand-up comedy and ventriloquist performance. Starting off with the infamously known Walter, scrutinizing every bit of today's American society. Followed by two new characters, Achmed the Dead Terrorist, who continuously threatens the crowd with Silence and Death, and Melvin the Superhero. A scientist comes to believe that evil is a disease of the blood and that the flesh of a skeleton he has brought back from New Guinea contains it in a pure form. Convinced that his wife, a Folies Bergere dancer who went insane, manifested this evil he is terrified that it will be passed on to their daughter. He tries to use the skeleton's blood to immunise her against this eventuality, but his attempt has anything but the desired result. Chaar (English: Four) is a Bengali anthology film, directed by Sandip Ray and produced by Shrikant Mohta, Mahendra Soni and Nispal Singh under the banner of Shree Venkatesh Films and Surinder Films. It based on four stories by different writers- Bateswarer Abodan by Parasuram, Porikkha by Sharadindu Bandyopadhyay, Kagtarua and Dui Bondhu by Satyajit Ray. Alfonso is a man in search of missing gold left buried all over Paraguay during the years of the country's war against Argentina, Brazil and Uruguay in the 19th Century. He actually finds treasure, but with it comes misfortune, and soon he finds himself pennyless and working as a trash recycler, living in poverty but peace. Then the gold comes within his reach again, and tragedy comes back to haunt him. An aesthetic journey based on portraits of personalities filmed by the french film-maker Gerard Courant. The resulting film investigates the subject of the portrait under various aspects : universes of forms, colours, rhythms and identities... The film spans 30 years in Julieta's life from a nostalgic 1985 where everything seems hopeful, to 2015 where her life appears to be beyond repair and she is on the verge of madness. When a huge blizzard (that doesn't show signs of stopping) hits, Gracetown is completely snowed in. But even though it's cold outside, things are heating up inside, proving that Christmas is magical when it comes to love. Thiller based on the Detective story Rwin by Shirshendu Mukhopadhyay. The film is directed by Arindam Sil, and produced by Reliance Entertainment and Mundus Services. This is the second directorial venture of the director after Aborto. The film is based on the investigation of the murder of Mitali Ghosh (Swastika Mukherjee).What follows is a revelation of certain shameful truths that are prevalent in the life of a typical high society person. Wanderlust refers to the desire to wander, to explore the world, be free, and feel like a stranger in your surroundings. When the wanderlust takes over you, you know that the adventure has begun, but not where or when it ends. And how do you make a documentary without an end? This is one of the questions that directors Cristiana Pecci and Matteo Maggi ponder on his film The Fifth Sun. From the acclaimed director of American Movie, the documentary follows former Los Angeles police officer turned independent reporter Michael Ruppert. He recounts his career as a radical thinker and spells out his apocalyptic vision of the future, spanning the crises in economics, energy, environment and more. Pierre Blum, 40, is a writer who had his time of glory in the early 2000s. One evening, on a casino terrace, he meets Joseph Paskin. This mysterious man, charismatic and manipulative, is influential in the world of politics and persuades Pierre to take on a strange mission that takes him back to a past he'd prefer to forget, and puts his life in danger. In the middle of all this, Pierre falls in love with Laura, a young extreme-left activist. But in this world  of subterfuge, who can really be trusted? Away from home, living alone in an old and gloomy apartment, Perola feels the effects of the time passing, being increasingly taken by nostalgia and fear to a point where dream, fantasy and reality lose its borders. Enrique y Rolando son dos pranganas que trabajan montando equipos sonideros para los toquines de barriada a los que ellos mismos asisten. Soco, novia de Enrique, al parecer esta embarazada. Luisa, madre de Rolando, es una lenona de buen corazon que da chamba a meretrices en desgracia, como Lola. Un psiquiatra se dedica a contratar los servicios de esas desvalidas pirujillas y a traficar con tachas. Uno de sus pacientes, Ramiro, es un esquizofrenico violento y padroton que se convierte en su dealer. A number of 'missing person' cases are reported in Phoenix, Arizona when an unexplained light appears in the sky one night in 1997.  Following the events of Captain America: Civil War, Peter Parker, with the help of his mentor Tony Stark, tries to balance his life as an ordinary high school student in Queens, New York City, with fighting crime as his superhero alter ego Spider-Man as a new threat, the Vulture, emerges. "If you don't have your own plan, you'll damn sure be a part of someone else's." That quote kicks off the first of multiple story lines, in the crime ensemble "Bubblegum &amp; Broken Fingers." This character-driven collage of sex, violence and survival is equal parts western, gangster and love stories. We follow the journey of a mysterious silver briefcase and witness the havoc it brings each new owner. Popular actor Rengo Shiraki dies suddenly. Due to his sudden death, unpopular actor Daiki Kawata attracts the spotlight due to his close friendship with Rengo. Did Rengo Shiraki commit suicide or was he murdered? In 1965 Los Angeles, a widowed mother and her two daughters add a new stunt to bolster their seance scam business and unwittingly invite authentic evil into their home. When the youngest daughter is overtaken by the merciless spirit, this small family confronts unthinkable fears to save her and send her possessor back to the other side. Make a self-portrait in the form of a short film, but never show your face. Those were the guidelines. A lifetime hood has one night to repay a debt to an up and coming shot caller before he can leave town, all the while trying to duck a crooked P.O., a former partner with a grudge and a burned out Narc Cop, as well as do his best to win back the woman he left behind, who has spent her last few years paying a hard price for his mistakes. John goes through the same monotonous office routines to get his desired promotion, until unexpected events force him to open his eyes to something greater. A mysterious sum of money is credited into Prithvi Khurrana, a commoner's bank account. It is allegedly done by a top notorious don.This forms the crux of the film leading to subsequent comical situations.  Time stops at midnight at the Senior Prom for five students, one murderous counselor, and John. They must find the courage to face themselves or, when time starts again, they may find that they are joining John's Club. All you have to do is commit murder... or suicide. A newly reunited young couple's drive through the Pacific Northwest turns into a nightmare as they are forced to face nature, unsavory locals, and a monstrous creature, known to the Native Americans as Oh-Mah. On a trip to Big Sur, two friends, both actresses, try to reconnect with one another. Once alone, the women's suppressed jealousies and deep-seated resentments begin to rise, causing them to lose their grasp on not only the true nature of their relationship, but also their identities. A quantum physics professor is forced to take action after being drugged by the shaman of a Jewish cult who wants him to come back home and become the man he once was.  A paedophile returns to his hometown after 12 years in prison and attempts to start a new life. A grief-stricken woman revisits an old seaside haunt where her chance meeting with a teenage boy re-opens channels of communication with the past. A young Englishman plots revenge against his mysterious, beautiful cousin, believing that she murdered his guardian. But his feelings become complicated as he finds himself falling under the beguiling spell of her charms. Yushan at the foot of a town, the old factory accident found an old tomb, the news spread,  not only caused widespread concern in the archaeological community, but also attracted the attention of the Tomb of the gang. Terrence McDonagh, a New Orleans Police sergeant, who starts out as a good cop, receiving a medal and a promotion to lieutenant for heroism during Hurricane Katrina. During his heroic act, McDonagh injures his back and later becomes addicted to prescription pain medication. McDonagh finds himself involved with a drug dealer who is suspected of murdering a family of African immigrants. To free this house from spirits and ghosts, let the spiritualist be your host. An anthology feature film that puts a uniquely dark and original spin on some of the most iconic and beloved holidays of all time by challenging our folklore, traditions and assumptions. The Forest of the Lost Souls is a dense and remote forest, Portugal's most popular place for suicide. In a summer morning, two strangers meet within the woods.  After discovering an anonymous journal, April begins her quest to return the book, all-the-while building a fantasy in her head that may compromise the very real relationships in her life. Afghanistan 2014  As the withdrawal of troops approaches, Captain Antares Bonassieu and his squad have been assigned a surveillance mission in a remote valley of Wakhan, on the border of Pakistan. Despite Antares and his men's determination, control of the secluded valley will slowly fall out of their hands. One dark night, soldiers begin to mysteriously disappear in the valley. Georgekutty lives a happy life with his wife and daughters. Things take a turn when his daughter gets indecently filmed using a hidden camera, by the son of a police inspector. A 2015 Kannada mystery-thriller movie. A minister gets a kickback in hundreds of crores for sanctioning a solar power project. This leads to a kidnapping and a murder, and two young police offers, who are also childhood friends, try to tackle the problem in their own ways. Japanese woman Keiko (played by Kaori Momoi (Marshall's "Memoirs of a Geisha", Miike's "Sukiyaki Western Django")) has been living in a shelf for decades due to a family tragedy in Kobe and is not able to bid farewell to her past. Without a passion she joins a group of Japanese women traveling to Northern Europe to participate in a kimono show. Unintentionally Keiko has been pulled in a vortex of events making her as a local celebrity. Confusion and despair turns to self-confidence until Keiko comes face to face with her mysterious and almost otherworldly-like husband (played by Issey Ogata (Scorsese's "Silence", Sokurov's "The Sun")) who disappeared twenty years ago. The thriller Boxed addresses the little-known fact that the Irish Republican Army would bring in sympathetic priests to administer last rites to those they were about to execute. The film analyzes the fallout that occurs when one of these priests ha a change of heart, deciding to fight for the life of the captive. ~ Perry Seibert, Rovi The true story of the Long Island teen who shoots and wounds the wife of a man she called her lover. Set in the early 1990s, "As You Are" is the telling and retelling of a relationship between three teenagers as it traces the course of their friendship through a construction of disparate memories prompted by a police investigation. As an older man, the Apostle John was sentenced to forced labor on the Island of Patmos. God honored John with His visions, faithfully transcribed to become the Book of Revelation. Christine Summers has been working in an NGO in Nepal for the past four years. Her boss assigns her to do a last mission in Ruku to collect information of the life outside of the cities, before she leaves for the United States. Leaving for the mission with her crew and her guide; they take shelter in a small village called Zhigrana; an area known for a killer on the loose who sacrifices humans in the name of Kaal Panchami, a mythical ghost. When they start to turn against each other regarding a death of a friend and with no one to trust: it is now up to Christine to figure out who the killer is. Is it the ghost of Kaal Panchami or is the truth even stranger than that? A young woman uses her grandmother's tarot cards to find her missing boyfriend. A soba restaurant owner dies mysteriously on D. Street. The police rule it as a suicide, but detective Akechi Kogoro and his wife Fumiyo think otherwise and launch their own investigation. As they delve deeper, they discover relationships twisted by perverted desire and hideous affection and hatred. Greg Wise (Sense and Sensibility) and Keeley Hawes (Karaoke) star in this sumptuous adaptation of Wilkie Collins' classic mystery, the first detective novel ever written.  The Moonstone, a sacred Hindu diamond was stolen from the head of the Moon God, in its shrine by John Herncastle in 1799. The stone is said to be cursed if it is removed from the shrine.  In 1848, a man named Franklin Blake announces to Rachel that the Moonstone has been bequeathed to her by Herncastle. Blake gives her the jewel on her birthday and offers to mount the jewel for her, in order that she might wear it. Inevitably, the jewel is found missing the next morning and Rachel believes Blake stole it. Determined to prove his innocence, Blake leaves in order to pursue the real truth behind the theft. Political and social processes in recent and current Turkish political history. Prepare yourself for a unique cinematic experience. "Searching For Hell" - world's first feature - length documentary screened and distributed in virtual reality cinema - will take you on a trip where most people do not dare to go. To hell. Five film-making teams embarked on a journey around the world, to tell creative and personal stories of people inhabiting contemporary hells; from the alleged entrance to the abyss of the damned in a distant Russia, American theme-park-like town called Hell, a house converted to a morbid vision of Buddhist underworld in Japan and deadly sulfur lake in Indonesia, to a dark - present day Congo. Visually stunning and provoking documentary "Searching For Hell" leads you through devil's territory and enables you to see what it can be in the modern world. On August 16, 2013, the Supreme Court mandated the CIA to declassify files that had been kept secret for the past 75 years. Visual records of documented paranormal events were released to the public. The following incident took place in Gracefield, Quebec. A young grandmother in a small Pennsylvania town raises her daughter's child after the girl disappears. All the while, a desperate search for her continues. Sam Davis convinces his former best friend to spend a weekend with him to rekindle their friendship at an elegant beachside estate owned by a famous documentary filmmaker. However, it soon becomes clear that Sam is secretly infatuated with his ex, Zoe, who is now the filmmaker's fiancee, and that his true intention is to thwart their impending nuptials. As Sam's plan begins to unravel, he is forced to realize how complicated love and friendship can be. Hudson Milbank is a successful Hollywood screenwriter who suddenly and strangely finds himself without any emotional feelings. He tries doctor after doctor and shrink after shrink, but nothing works. The Golf Channel, lesbian exercise classes and a dizzying variety of pills get him through the day, but don't quite solve his problem. His writing partner tries everything to get him back to normal, but it's not until Hudson meets Sara that he finds a real motivation to get better and to actually start feeling again. From the writer of Deuce Bigalow, comes NUMB, a romantic comedy following an unusual man looking for strange love. 1989 is the 64 Shouwa year in the Japanese calendar, thus the unsolved girl kidnapping-murder case is called "64(rokuyon)" that got up in this year in Criminal Investigation Department in the Prefectural Police Department. And 14 years were over as the prefecture's police to be unsolved greatest stain, and statute of limitations approached it. In 2002, Yoshinobu Mikami, an ex-detective who was assigned as the investigator of the "Rokuyon" case 14years ago, moves as a Public Relations Officer in the Police Affairs Department against his will. As a newly assigned Public Relations Officer, he was troubled with the relation between the reporters, new case has occurred. And that new case traced "Rokuyon" case exactly. 1989 is the 64 Shouwa year in the Japanese calendar, thus the unsolved girl kidnapping-murder case is called "64(rokuyon)" that got up in this year in Criminal Investigation Department in the Prefectural Police Department. And 14 years were over as the prefecture's police to be unsolved greatest stain, and statute of limitations approached it. In 2002, Yoshinobu Mikami, an ex-detective who was assigned as the investigator of the "Rokuyon" case 14years ago, moves as a Public Relations Officer in the Police Affairs Department against his will. As a newly assigned Public Relations Officer, he was troubled with the relation between the reporters, new case has occurred. And that new case traced "Rokuyon" case exactly. A high-school student Yoshiro has never got a spotlight in his life and spends his days aimlessly. What only shines in his life is a girl Sae at his school. Even if being completely disregarded by her, he still dreams of becoming her true love in the future. One day, he finds himself having a mind-reading psychic power. As he looks around, there seem more psychics born in the city, and somehow they are all virgins! One uses his psychokinetic power to fulfill his sexual desire or turns into a flasher using teleportation ability... On the arrival of the psychics like Yoshiro, the city gets gradually infested with the erotic terrorism evoked by a mysterious group. Knowing he has never got any attention from the girl of his dreams, Yoshiro determines to use his power to save the world from this steamy chaos and show off what he has got to the love of his life! In the heart of the Danube Delta, superstition and religion are mixed together, like the earth and water that make up the mysterious mud from Tekir's area, not far away. Chased away from her village because of her mysterious pregnancy, Mara finds herself employed at the Europa Hotel, providing treatment for infertile women using this miraculous mud. As she meets the rich and eccentric Mrs. Lili, Mara questions her beliefs and intuitions. The relationship between the two women is the key of the miracle of Tekir, between magic and power, tradition and modernity. Christmas Eve. On his way to his in-laws with his family, Frank Harrington decides to try a shortcut, for the first time in 20 years. It turns out to be the biggest mistake of his life. With nowhere else to hide, a group of mercenaries and their prisoners take cover inside a long abandoned Bulldog tank. But, while they try to keep the forces outside at bay, the real enemy is already among them, locked inside the 'Belly of the Bulldog'. After collaborating closely with Ben Wheatley on FREE FIRE, HIGH-RISE, A FIELD IN ENGLAND and KILL LIST, director Nick Gillespie makes his feature debut. Seemingly at random, the wings and other bits of moths and insects move rapidly across the screen. Most are brown or sepia; up close, we can see patterns within wings, similar to the veins in a leaf. Sometimes the images look like paper cutouts, like Matisse. Green objects occasionally appear. Most wings are translucent. The technique makes them appear to be stuck directly to the film. Haim-Aaron is a bright, ultra-orthodox religious scholar living in Jerusalem. His talents and devotion are envied by all. One evening, following a self-imposed fast, Haim-Aaron collapses and loses consciousness. The paramedics announce his death, but his father takes over resuscitation efforts and, beyond all expectations, Haim-Aaron comes back to life. After the accident, try as he might, Haim-Aaron remains apathetic to his studies. He feels overwhelmed by a sudden awakening of his body and suspects this is God testing him. He wonders if he should stray from the prescribed path and find a way to rekindle his faith...  The title means "Rectify" in Hebrew; nevertheless the movie is called Tikkun in the English-speaking world. A blind woman's relationship with her husband changes when she regains her sight and discovers disturbing details about themselves. Whether you or someone you love is challenged with diabetes, understanding the disease and being motivated to lead a healthy lifestyle is your key to good health and satisfaction. Europe 1815. War rages across the continent.  Fallen Soldiers tells the story of a British soldier trapped behind enemy lines. A young noblewoman's coach is hijacked and her husband murdered by a desperate British soldier. At gunpoint, the soldier spins her an outlandish tale of plagues, conspiracies, and dead men returning from the grave. A young journalist named Jin Maddison has traced the origin of many Christmas traditions to a remote town in the Midwest called Selah. Years ago another famous journalist died in an accident there while investigating the same story. Jin travels to Selah hoping to unravel the mystery, suspicious of a darker truth behind the festive holiday. Upon arrival she's stunned by the lack of decorations, lights, and signs, as well as the refusal of most locals to even talk about 'Christmas'. After a violent encounter she's saved by Private Investigator Amy Carson, who is trailing several Missing Persons cases that have led her to Selah. As they continue prying, they realize that the secrets Selah is hiding are far more terrifying than they could've ever imagined. Flat 211 is Latest Bollywood Crime Mystery Thriller Film directed By Sunil Sanjan,The star cast of the Film Jayesh Raj, Samonica Shrivastava, Digvijay Singh Simon, a famous violinist, sinks into alcoholism. He finds support from his lover, who is also the manager of the orchestra in which he plays. But is she really helping him or is she exploiting his dependence on her? A man who has been through the same experience as Simon, offers to help him... A group visits Saipan to search for locations for their company's newest resort. As they find what they think is the perfect spot, they discover a hidden bunker on the property which they decide to explore. However, they soon find out that curiosity can kill. As each member faces their most private secrets and the secrets of the bunker itself, the results lead to a most shocking conclusion. It is a reincarnation story about the love between Leela and her lover, which is left incomplete because one of them has been murdered. The story comes to circle after 300 long years; when Leela has taken birth as Meera and her lover's character is also reborn. In 2009, Mountain Bike Hall of Fame inductee Mike "The Bike" Rust went missing from his off-the-grid property in Colorado's San Luis Valley. His disappearance--which received almost no press--remains unsolved. An innovator in his sport, Rust custom-built bikes for Colorado's mountain passes, starting a fat-tire revolution and designing gear that transformed the industry.  Salida native Nathan Ward, himself an intrepid mountain biker, set out to tell Rust's story, tracking the pioneer's subject through the infancy of the sport to his role in the thriving community that surrounds it today. Ward brings the riveting documentary to life with a unique local perspective and access. By combining interviews, re-enactments, home movies, and archival footage--and even consulting a psychic to communicate with Rust's sprit--the director/cinematographer attempts to find answers to this mystery full of loose ends and cold trails. -Denver Film Society Shortcut Safari' is about adventures of a group of 7 urban children, between ages 10 to 14 years, who get stuck in a deep, dense forest while returning from a day long trip organised by the Nature Club of their School. When their car crashes, 4 college kids seek help in Emeryville - a dilapidated village. New comers discover that place was once a ground for clinical experiments gone awry and plot an escape. They find themselves hunted by crazies. An idyllic town in the Alps. Here Marianna spends her Easter holidays with her children. Her husband, a showmaster, could not travel because of his job. Zazy lives in the same place and teaches dressmaking there. She is not really happy with that, she would rather go into show business. Together with her friend Tomek she dreams of a life in luxury. In the tailoring Zazy meets Marianna, who has become friends with the owner of the store. When he does not return after a trip with Marianna, Zazy senses the chance to make her dream of a TV career come true. Medieval art treasures seized by the Nazis go missing at the end of World War II. Were they destroyed in the chaos of the final battles? Or were these thousand-year-old masterpieces stolen by advancing American troops? For over forty years, the mystery remained unsolved. A true detective story, "The Liberators" follows a dogged German art detective through the New York art world and military archives to the unlikeliest of destinations: a small town on the Texas prairie. Featuring interviews with Willi Korte (Portrait of Wally) and Texas attorney Dick DeGuerin, the film raises intriguing questions as to the motivations of the art thief and the whereabouts of the items that, to this day, The reinvigorated elderly group that left Earth comes back to visit their relatives. Will they all decide to go back to the planet where no one grows old, or will they be tempted to remain on Earth? In 2014, a skeleton was found on the Valdellomar ski slopes, in the Pyrenees. Through its DNA, we discovered that it was that of an English aristocrat and we solved a scientific mystery that had shrouded a whole region in 1930. Park Eun-jin is a loudmouthed thirty-year-old with an abysmal track record in romantic relationships. Freewheeling and adventurous, she is also irresponsible and reckless, pushing away the timid and the cautious, yet always falling for the romantic dreams of the love-conquers-minor-details-like-my-lover's-married-status variety. After a spectacular break-up with a co-worker, Eun-jin shares a cab ride with Kim Hyeon-seok, a nerdish, awkward young man. Against all odds, they begin a courtship and eventually decide to get married. One night, however, Eun-jin finds a suspicious text message sent to her paramour's smartphone. Angered, she enlists the help of her female cop friend So-young and her doofus ex-marine brother Eun-gyul to get to the bottom of what she suspects is Hyeon-seok's two-timing affair. What she finds out, however, is something else altogether. Semi-biographical film based on the experiences of gonzo journalist Hunter S. Thompson. A spoiled young rich girl is sent to prison for accidentally running down a pedestrian. There she learns about a life and people she had never even imagined existed before. Sajarur Kanta is about a series of mysterious murders where the quill of a porcupine pierces the heart of the victim, killing him or her instantly. One victim does not die and Byomkesh is summoned. Konkona Sen Sharma plays Deepa, who belongs to a theatre group. She gets married to Debasish but makes it clear that she will not share conjugal relations with him. The two stories, one of Deepa and Debasish's married life and the other of the murder mysteries run parallel till they both converge. Six young adults in the woods run afoul of a berserker, a viking warrior who dons the fur and snout of a bear, and are slain in turn by him. A cop is suspended from the force when he gets too personally involved in solving the murder of a womanizing L.A. songwriter. A secret organisation offers wealthy people a second chance at life. The customer picks out someone they want to be and the organisation surgically alters the customer to look like the intended person, stages the customer's death, gets rid of the intended person and the customer takes on a new life. Jeff is awoken in the middle of the night to his brother pounding on his apartment door. The body of his lifeless girlfriend clutched in his arms, he claims they were attacked by a werewolf. Aided by an ex-military officer, a young woman becomes an unwitting fugitive after discovering that her son's catatonic state may be at the heart of a global conspiracy. In turn-of-the-century New York, an Italian seeks vengeance on the mobsters who killed his father. An official adaptation of the cult horror film Oculus. The film revolves around a haunted mirror. It shows the emotional journey of siblings Natasha Merchant played by Huma Qureshi and Kabeer Merchant played by Saqib Saleem dealing with the death of their parents. A young woman's sister goes missing. She then sets out on a quest through Brooklyn to find her on her own, enlisting the help of a motley crew of New York weirdos. An ex-cop whose marriage is on the rocks hides surveillance cameras in her home and watches her husbands transgressions, becoming a voyeur of her own life. Original in its sincere, lyrical realism, The River is a naturalistic melodrama otherwise characteristic of the period. Shot in sunbathed pastoral locations by Jan Stallich (Ecstasy), the story of first love between a sturdy village boy and a country girl is filmed with a movingly genuine charm. A young woman wakes up alone in a motel room. Her boyfriend has ditched her, leaving her with a few dollars, a toothbrush, racing leathers, and a supermoto motorcycle. She's just learned that she's pregnant. Thus begins the wild and strange adventure of Ruby Pink, queen badass and heroine of SUPERMOTO. Troublemakers Mok-won, Ryu and Hak-moon are far from passing the state examinations. Three female students enter the school during a new spring term and the atmosphere changes. Then one day, Mok-won and Ryu are taken to around the back of the school and molested by an unknown woman.  The three of them start an investigation. Albania 1997. Some ghostly, deteriorated video footage keeps Julien awake and obsesses him every night. Almost two decades after the murder of his wife, Angela, Julien returns to Albania with a determination to investigate her mysterious death, amidst a sea of impossible records, police files and visions of Beyond. A woman finds herself stuck in a basement car park with an unhinged security guard.  Greece. A seaside resort struck by a heavy heat wave. Water is scarce and violence is ready to explode. Ashraf, a solitary immigrant, is looking after a villa while its owners are away. On a dusty road crushed by the sun, he is stopped by a police officer for an identity check... A suburban family is torn apart when fourteen-year-old Annie meets her first boyfriend online. After months of communicating via online chat and phone, Annie discovers her friend is not who he originally claimed to be. Shocked into disbelief, her parents are shattered by their daughter's actions and struggle to support her as she comes to terms with what has happened to her once innocent life. Workaholic Jim Evers and his wife/business partner, Sara get a call one night from mansion owner, Edward Gracey wants to sell his house. Once the Evers family arrive at the mansion a butler takes them to dine with Gracey. Gracey takes one look at Sara and he thinks she's his lost lover. A girl haunted by traumatic events takes us on a mesmerising journey through 100 years of horror cinema to explore how filmmakers scare us - and why we let them. 1. 'Driver' Told by an attractive female customer that he'll receive a lot of money if he kills her, chauffeur In-sik decides to take her up on the offer... 2. '11:55 PM' Translator Young-ran, working overtime alone at his publication office, is about to call it a night-but at 11:55 PM, somebody buzzes.... 3. 'atmosFEAR' High-end audio equipment in hand, sound designer Kwanghyun heads to the park at night to record the ambiance. Through his headphones, however, he hears something entirely different. 4. 'The Secret Night' Young female employee Youngmin, given incentive to steal sensitive company information, sneaks into the office at night. Everything goes according to plan-but on her way out, she runs into fellow coworker Hayoon, who won't seem to let her leave. Slowly, their long-suppressed inner feelings start to come out... In the Underworld of Shanghai, Shadow Lee is considered the modern king of thieves. When a ruthless crime lord hires him to kidnap the daughter of a rival business man, Shadow must face his greatest challenge yet. Kidnap the girl and condemn her to certain death by the hands of his employer or save her life. The choice is made and now Shadow must fight the backlash of his betrayal, but his fists are fast and his kicks have no mercy. For Shadow that's all he need. Cassidy is a struggling actress, grinding out auditions, worrying that any chance at stardom may have already passed her by. Desperate to save money to move to Hollywood, she takes a job working as a runner for her mother's boyfriend. Hye-Joong (Jung So-Min) can't remember anything before the age of 4. Every night she experiences terrible nightmares. Unable to cope with the nightmares anymore, she heeds the advice of a shaman and goes back to the villa where her family stayed 24 years ago. The villa is now known as "Wonderland." There, she meets Hwan (Hong Jong-Hyun), Soo-Ryun (Jung Yeon-Joo) and a white rabbit. During the next 15 days, Hye-Joong has to find something that is missing. If she succeeds her nightmares will stop. Executive George Dupler loses his temper and is demoted to the night manager at a 24 hour drugstore. After he suggests to his teenage son Freddie that he stop having an affair with suburban housewife Cheryl Gibbons, who is a distant cousin, Cheryl tries to seduce George. At home, in front of his mother, Freddie accuses his dad of stealing his girl, because he found Cheryl serving George a meal in the middle of the night, while her husband Bobby was on duty at the fire station. George then separates from his wife Helen, quits his job, moves into a warehouse, and asks Cheryl to move in with him Marc-Andre is a well-ordered bank accountant. One day a naked young woman, Mirah, emerges from a sort of egg out of nowhere. She has time travelled straight from the Mesopotamian to warn Marc-Andre that he is in grave danger, from actions performed in his life in that era. Along with his neighbour and two agents specializing in paranormal phenomena, Marc-Andre and Mirah attempt to avert the danger to his life. In 2009 three young men were killed in a remote part of Yellowstone National Park. Authorities never found the murderer. He found them! Hours after the trio were gunned down, Dwayne Nelson confessed to the crime. Despite this Nelson was allowed to go free because of an American Constitution loophole. Documentarian Julian T. Pinder travels to Yellowstone in a compelling chase for truth behind a crime that should have rocked the nation. How did a guilty man go free? In his hunt for answers Pinder risks his own life when he finds evidence that could re-open the case years later. A troubled man turns himself in, believing he's harmed others but is at war with himself over the facts surrounding his quest for clarity and a brush with supernatural phenomena. Three friends on a wilderness excursion must outrun a white collar criminal hellbent on retrieving his cash, but soon their greed turns them against each other. A modern re-telling of Treasure of the Sierra Madre (1948). Zeina, after losing her sight in an accident, wakes up in a car, chased by her two lovers, and has no idea what's going on. In a series of escalating encounters, former security guard David Dunn uses his supernatural abilities to track Kevin Wendell Crumb, a disturbed man who has twenty-four personalities. Meanwhile, the shadowy presence of Elijah Price emerges as an orchestrator who holds secrets critical to both men. Sonata Maria is a film about a young man who has tremendous difficulty expressing his deepest emotions and has created an alternate reality within which he is able to vent out all his frustrations. It is a moving story of loss, madness and redemption. A contract killer takes vengeance against a ruthless drug cartel, resulting in a mysterious puzzle that a small town sheriff must solve in order to stop untold horrors. In the subtropical province of Guizhou, Chen Sheng embarks on a journey to find his nephew. A fraternity president becomes obsessed with a young coed but his hopeful courtship decays into sinister pursuit as unnatural secrets surface about his brotherhood. A gang of ruthless highway killers kidnap a wealthy couple traveling cross country only to shockingly discover that things are not what they seem. The story of a romantic relationship between a Canadian soldier and a child set in the Netherlands near the end of WWII. Told in flashback from the present day, the child, now a man, is still seeking his lost soldier. Louanna Lee, America's favorite teenage detective, travels back in time to save her grandpa and the world. Will a teenage girl be able to do the impossible? Join Louanna and her best friend Victoria in this family time travel extravaganza. Jenny, a young doctor who feels guilty after a young woman she refused to see winds up dead a few days later, decides to find out who the girl was, after the police can't identify the young woman. A group of friends goes to an island for a short film project when they are attacked by a mysterious killer after playing a game of bloody crayons. Three youths camping out in the desert run afoul of a psychotic firebug obsessed with turning women into sacrificial "butterflies." Two drug dealers on the lam seek refuge inside their mentally unstable friend's mansion. But in order to stay, they have to participate in her elaborate, and increasingly dangerous, game of permanent make-believe. Amdavad Junction is upcoming Bollywood action - crime movie written and directed by Apurv Bajpai, based on an unsolved mystery and two honest officers perplexed by the case. The film is a crime-thriller and revolves around a mysterious death of a person in an express train. Two courageous CBI officers embark on the journey to solve this case but with no clue lefts, they are perplexed. How will the two solve this case, forms the story of the film. Filmed in its entirety at London's Wembley Arena during her worldwide sold-out 25-city Confessions Tour (2006's top-grossing tour world-wide), this concert film features songs from throughout the queen's career but largely focuses on Confessions On A Dance Floor. Two amateur film-makers find the movie they thought they were making, is actually making them. This film is shot in a continuous 78-minute take. The story takes place in a city ravaged by crisis, poverty and crime. The people who remained belong mostly to the low class, and they're struggling to survive through various criminal activities. One of the last prosperous citizens was murdered, and we're following a large cast of characters in their quest to find his corpse. One of the characters has different plans, but he gets involved in the quest against his will. Private Detective Kiyoshi Mitarai (Hiroshi Tamaki) and Miyuki Ogawa (Alice Hirose) arrive in Fukuyama, Hiroshima Prefecture. They are interested in a case which involves discovered bodies. The bodies were found drifting in the Seto Inland Sea, where the currents repeat every 6 hours. A Shakespearian actor starring as Othello opposite his wife finds the character's jealous rage taking over his mind off-stage. When her husband goes missing at the beach, a female professor begins to mentally disintegrate as her denial of his disappearance becomes delusional. Javid takes the responsibility for the methamphetamine found in his car to save his wife from going to prison. After his release, many people come forward to use him for their own good. Neglected by her workaholic husband, a young wife, Maren Abbott, meets a man through Wandering Eye - a networking website designed to facilitate extramarital liaisons. Charming as he is, she realizes she can't go through with the affair. When he is found brutally murdered in their hotel room, infidelity is the least of Maren's worries as she finds herself in the cross-hairs of a serial killer who uses the website to trawl for his next victims. Written by Incendo Media A bachelor party becomes a savage fight for survival when the groomsmen unwittingly unleash a fabled predator upon the festivities. Feature film adapted from the V/H/S (2012) anthology segment 'Amateur Night.' A mother obsessed with mind-altering televangelism consequently vomits a pulsating growth that slithers down the throat of her son during the night. Upon spewing the parasite, the son is driven by an uncontrollable force to murder and feed corpses to the now-multiple-toothed monsters manifesting throughout the house. This gory, shot-on-Super-8 regional rarity is a micro-budget salute to H.G. Lewis and H.P. Lovecraft. -- Evan Husney, Drafthouse Films Set in 1986. After their train is hit by an avalanche in the alps, 30 year old Greta and five strangers find themselves trapped in the last car of a train, buried underneath the snow. On the radio they learn that a rescue operation is under way, but for some reason the last compartment seems to have disappeared from the face of the earth. As we follow their attempts to escape their icy prison, we begin to understand that there is more to the compartment than meets the eye... A tomboyish postulant at an Austrian abbey becomes a governess in the home of a widowed naval captain with seven children, and brings a new love of life and music into the home. "Give me ten million dollars and trust me, we'll deliver a low-cost microprocessor compatible with Intel". This was former IBM Fellow and Dell Senior VP Glenn Henry's 1995 pitch to start a microprocessor company focused on low-cost Intel-compatible processors ("x86"). This documentary follows Henry and his team as they race to complete their latest chip, and offers an inside look at Centaur's unique management environment. A woman hires actors and strangers to pretend to be her friends and family at her wedding. "Khurafat" begins with Johan (Syamsul Yusof), a young man working as an assistant in a government hospital. He is a married man who has a wife named Aishah (Liyana Jasmay). The newlyweds are leading a peaceful life when suddenly they find themselves besieged by a weird creature. The presence of a mysterious old woman, together with the sudden emergence of Johan's ex-girlfriend Anna (Sabrina Ali) add to the mystery. Anna is always disturbing Johan even though she knows Johan is now with Aishah. Swedish detective Inspector Kurt Wallander attempts to connect the shocking suicide of a young woman and the vicious murder of a government minister, and eventually uncovers wrongdoing and corruption that extends to the heart of the Swedish establishment. Two American sisters, Laura and Kate, perform public seances in Paris when they meet a French film producer who wants Laura to become in a movie star while gets obsessed with discovering the truth behind Kate's supernatural gift to summon the ghosts. A army veteran discovers an abandoned boy lurking in the woods behind her childhood home. After taking in the boy, she searches for clues to his identity, and discovers local folklore about a malevolent life-draining spirit that comes in the form of a child: The Tatterdemalion. The compound of an arms manufacturer turns into a zombie nightmare when its workers are given the wrong formula. A young man slowly realizes that he has become the chosen target of an ominous supernatural presence. As he scrambles to stop it, he realizes there is more to this haunting than meets the eye. Ren Amari is the driven inventor of a revolutionary new drug. OtherLIfe expands the brain's sense of time and creates virtual reality directly in the user's mind. With OtherLife, mere seconds in real life feel like hours or days of exciting adventures. As Ren and her colleagues race around the clock to launch OtherLife, the government muscles in to use the drugs as a radical solution to prison overcrowding. They will create virtual cells where criminals serve long sentences in just minutes of real time. When Ren resists, she finds herself an unwilling guinea pig trapped in a prison cell in her mind. She must escape before she descends into madness, and then regain control of OtherLife before others suffer the same fate. Secure within a desolate home as an unnatural threat terrorizes the world, a man has established a tenuous domestic order with his wife and son, but this will soon be put to test when a desperate young family arrives seeking refuge. Paralyzed after a terrible accident, Dana struggles to regain her life and family when she encounters a malevolent ghost in her hospital room. World War II soldier-turned-U.S. Marshal Teddy Daniels investigates the disappearance of a patient from a hospital for the criminally insane, but his efforts are compromised by his troubling visions and also by a mysterious doctor. For 13 days in 1962, the world was on the brink of nuclear war. Krushchev's decision to place nuclear weapons in Cuba sparked the Cuban Missile Crisis. But what's relatively unknown is that he was responding to an earlier perceived threat from America: the stationing of nuclear weapons in Murge, Italy - within striking distance of the USSR. We reveal how Murge was transformed unwittingly into a theatre of the Cold War. A land surveyor working in an unnamed woodland area is disturbed and beguiled by a strange silhouette that moves amongst the trees. Perry Mason defends the husband of a famous rock singer who was found being killed after having had a tremendous discussion with her husband and her manager. A personal shopper in Paris refuses to leave the city until she makes contact with her twin brother who previously died there. Her life becomes more complicated when a mysterious person contacts her via text message. After a long day of litigation proceedings, a lawyer while leaving his private practice gets abducted by a deranged killer who is angered at the corruption and secrecy that lies within the judicial system. Little did he know, he would become the object of a killer's obsession or that his well-kept secret would jeopardise his career as a lawyer but either way, he is trapped away fighting for his survival and he determines the outcome on how his situation unfolds. Will he confess his sins or take his secrets to the grave? Financial TV host Lee Gates and his producer Patty are put in an extreme situation when an irate investor takes over their studio. Pied Piper Porky Pig vows to rid the town of Hamelin of all its rats, and the cats of Hamelin are furious at Porky for usurping their rat-catching job. Disguising himself as a giant rat, the "grand poobah" of the cats intends to discredit Porky in the eyes of the town's mayor, by making it seem that Porky hasn't entirely fulfilled his promise to remove every last rat. On the day of his daughter's birthday, William "D-Fens" Foster is trying to get to the home of his estranged ex-wife to see his daughter. His car breaks down, so he leaves his car in a traffic jam in Los Angeles and decides to walk. He goes to a convenience store and tries to get some change for a phone call, but the Korean owner does not oblige, tipping Foster over the edge. The unstable Foster, so frustrated with the various flaws he sees in society, begins to psychotically and violently lash out against them. Helen tries to cope with the recent death of her husband, a scientist who killed himself right when he was on the verge of successfully completing the invention of a time machine. One day, she receives a phone call, and a voice suspiciously resembling her own voice warns her that she's in danger. Is it possible Helen has time travelled? And what could have led her to do something like that? When a California teen with an interest in the occult moves to a New England town, she finds that the town teens believe she is a witch sent to seek revenge on the descendants of the people who originally killed another witch a hundred years earlier. Things take a particularly deadly turn when they convince her to play a seer at a Halloween party where they will feed her information over an earphone about those who enter her tent, only she suddenly sees things beyond their knowledge or help. A series of murders has shaken the community to the point where people believe that only a legendary creature from dark times - the mythical Golem - must be responsible. Fifty years old, three years past of unemployment, benefits decreasing very quickly... Gerard is at the end of the rope when a position is offered him in Indonesia. To win the favor of his new employer, Gerard invites him to dinner at home. Fatal Error ! Terrified at the idea of not being up to par, his wife Colette begs Alexandre, their neighbor to help. Communication guru, Alexander accepts the challenge and gives a makeover to the couple in twenty-four hours. Apartment, decoration, lifestyle, dinner menu, uniforms, culture... Everything ! A C-list celebrity gets kidnapped and held hostage after a night-club appearance. When the police interrogate the man she accuses, they question whether she's after justice or a front-page story. When a young woman learns her parents' killer has been released from jail, she is forced to revisit old wounds while discovering the destructive power of hate and the true cost of family secrets fully revealing themselves. Muffy and her friends go on a scandalous adventure to the creepy house on the outskirts of town. A young writer traumatized by the death of his wife and kid, describes his disturbing experiences to a psychiatrist. A mysterious man, hidden under an umbrella, forces him to finish his book regardless the cost of its consequences.  When a 20-something finds a cache of hidden files on his new laptop, he and his friends are unwittingly thrust into the depths of the dark web. They soon discover someone has been watching their every move and will go to unimaginable lengths to protect the dark web. When a law student uncovers chilling secrets and places her life at risk, a bitter, rough-around-the-edges detective gets assigned to her case. Twenty five years old Kolya starts to work as a cemetery night guard after moving to Moscow from province. A dysfunctional family under suspicion of murder after three bodies mysteriously appear on their ranch are terrorised by what they can only describe as Bigfoot. Lonely young woman with a child lives in a quiet village and works as a librarian. Close friends consider it outdated and want her to get acquainted with a man.  They manage to persuade the character to meet a lonely bachelor. But instead of the expected groom on her doorstep there is a "night visitor" ... Born for adventure, Lea Clark heads deep into the Brazilian rainforest, where her most exciting story awaits. Film based on the famous Iranian novella by Sadegh Hedayat, considered one of the great works of modern Persian prose. A man who is perhaps losing his mind spits his murderous fantasies and confessions at a shadow on the wall of his room that has the shape of an owl. After the murder of his beloved wife, a man in search of redemption is set adrift in a world where nothing is as it seems. On his journey, he befriends slacker Jimmy "The Finn", becomes involved in rescuing his neighbor Colette from her own demons, and gets entangled in a web of deceit full of unexpected twists and turns. 1000 years from now a young womans' life is at risk in a post nuclear sci-fi community as she investigates who controls and operates society and the economy. As she gets close to the truth the walls start to close in on her. Thirty years old, a nothing job, a timid love affair: Remi is a little at sea in his life. Until the day when he must share it with his double, another him, invasive and not so nice. Which one will be the true Remi? When Rebecca left home, she thought she left her childhood fears behind. Growing up, she was never really sure of what was and wasn't real when the lights went out...and now her little brother, Martin, is experiencing the same unexplained and terrifying events that had once tested her sanity and threatened her safety. A frightening entity with a mysterious attachment to their mother, Sophie, has reemerged. A triptych set in three different time periods about fathers who find themselves in borderline situations in which one is forced to make a decision among several contradictory choices. Three different ways of facing the apocalypse five hours before the end of the world. fantastic and romantic moments of love, an anxious waiting time and the desperate search for pepper in an apocalyptic and crazy world. Events cross and mix. Time seems to get beyond control.How does one live out the last five hours and 38 minutes before the end? We see the last.  /// A cinco horas del fin del mundo, se plantean tres maneras diferentes de afrontar el apocalipsis. After his father is killed in a car crash, Jack travels home to Colorado to help nurse his mother (who was injured in the crash) back to health. There, he uncovers long buried secrets and lies within his family, his friends, and his very identity. Abby and Mike are on a long road trip to her sister's wedding when they stop to camp out for the night. Soon they're lost in the woods and at the mercy of nature--and something more sinister. Last year Chinese painter Yuke Qin showed his experimental short film, Philomirrophobia, at the Montreal World Film Festival. This year he artfully questions his own "coming out". He elaborates: "I'd like to tell you about my love story. But my love story may sound really disappointing to you, because love never happened to me. I have never had any intimate relationship or intimate physical contact with anyone. I grew up determined to love the homosexual, and to accept my own sexual orientaion." -- Yuke Qin An architect and his wife moves into a house with a bloody past and a 100 year old ghost, who possesses the wife. A murder A convict A honest headstrong Cop And then steps in an old horse who is too good at the game! Now wait for 'The Last Act" A grandfather, police officer and a priest join hands to investigate and find a missing child. On their first night at a new, secluded house, a couple (Esin Harvey, Gorkem Mertsoz) encounter the mysterious woman (Derya Alabora - A Most Wanted Man, When We Leave) who claims it to be her home. After serving an extended prison sentence for the killing of a man he was hired to investigate, an ex-private eye approaches the completion of his memoirs to set the record straight, when one night enveloped photographs with connections to the past anonymously begin to show up at his front door, along with a mysterious man who is receiving pictures of his own. The story follows Risa, a girl with zero experience in romance. Meanwhile, a boy named Yuugure is the most popular student in Risa's school year. Even though the two have had no contact with each other in the past, they find themselves at school at the same time one night. A writer stumbles upon a long-hidden secret when he agrees to help former British Prime Minister Adam Lang complete his memoirs on a remote island after the politician's assistant drowns in a mysterious accident. A dark fairy tale about a gang of five children trying to survive the horrific violence of the cartels and the ghosts created every day by the drug war. In the kingdom of Letonia, the young prince Egon spends his nights playing the drums. During the day, he only has one thing on his mind: finding Sleeping Beauty in the kingdom of Kentz and breaking the spell over her. But his father, the king, doesn't believe in fairy tales, and is completely opposed to Egon's dream. It's Maggie Jerkins, an archeologist from Unesco, who will provide Egon with the opportunity to follow his heart. You'll be left speechless at the surprise ending of this supernatural faith-based thriller as party attendees find themselves trapped in a house by a mysterious force. Monte and his baby daughter are the last survivors of a damned and dangerous mission to the outer reaches of the solar system. They must now rely on each other to survive as they hurtle toward the oblivion of a black hole. A man becomes haunted by his past and is presented with a mysterious legacy that causes him re-think his current situation in life. Centuries ago, many cultures believed the Earth was a flat disc. As scientific thought and technology evolved, the Earth was revealed to be a globe, a view that's widely accepted today--but not by everyone. The flat Earth movement has seen a recent resurgence. These conspiracy theorists deny the scientific model of the globe and join together through conventions, forums and online platforms to discuss their belief system. On the other end of the spectrum, the scientific community aims to counter this resurrected myth, resulting in an ever-growing public battle of conspiracies and anti-intellectualism. Giving a well-rounded look at all sides of the debate, Behind the Curve shows that no matter where you stand on this issue, the conversations and people around it are anything but flat. A dangerous man awakes in the care of a mysterious woman. Once the pieces of his past fall into place, he's faced withe the stark choice of accepting his new found love or becoming the man he once was. Haunted by memories as a child soldier in 1980s Iran, Behrouz finds himself in bustling, neon-soaked Los Angeles, working to become a real estate agent and live a simple life with his girlfriend Oksana. But Behrouz's attempts at a normal life become increasingly difficult as his opium addiction and gambling habit rear their ugly heads, and he struggles to leave behind his past with the Iranian mafia. Soon Behrouz and Oksana find themselves caught between the feuding heads of the Iranian and Russian mobs. Neenu leads a selfless life helping others in need without expecting anything in return. In the meantime, the police and an underworld don are on the lookout for him over a multi-crore property. 5 professionals rob a Horce Racetrack and a Casino Complex but when one of them makes too many mistakes, the police starts a deadliest manhunt to recover the money. Perm, Siberia, 1918. the central Siberian White guard corps under the command of a young general Anatoliy Pepelyaev have taken the city. the army is exhausted and running short on supplies. the General tasks the Permian merchants with collecting the money needed for the survival of the army much to their dismay. madame chagina, a rich widow answers the call and presents general with a massive diamond... only to have it mysteriously disappear the next day. recently sentenced to death red Army investigator Andrei murzin is brought in to  nd the precious contribution. murzin must  nd the diamond in exchange for a chance to save his life. In this Twilight Zone throwback, a reclusive musician with a pathological fear of human contact finds himself in the unexpected company of several people from his past. Detective Dick is a 1940's private investigator who is frozen by a mysterious stranger for sixty-nine years. He defrosts in the modern world where he has to solve the case that put him on ice. A young businessman wakes up in a hotel room, locked from the inside, along with his lover, who was murdered while he was unconscious. He hires a prestigious lawyer, and over the course of one evening, they must work together to build a defense case for him before he is taken to jail. Add the plot. After his young son dies from the negligence at a hospital, Harry Fertig takes matters into his own hands and kills the doctors responsible. Slick lawyer Roy Bleakie, looking only to win a case and not caring of the matters involved, is assigned Fertig's case. Shocked to hear that his client wants to plead guilty, the case causes Bleakie to question his own morals by defending an honorable man. The film follows a man with an unwanted gift for healing who meets a teenager with cancer who helps him to find himself. Seven-year-old Siv's first night sleeping over at her new friend Cerisia's place turns out to be a magical one. In the early evening, many things are already beginning to seem odd, the exotic food, all of the animals ... At night though, the unfamiliar flat really starts to become a realm full of secrets. Based on a true story, shot in THE REAL EXORCIST HOUSE, a young woman returns to her old family home, the site of an infamous exorcism and discovers the devil never left. This film was shot in THE REAL EXORCIST HOUSE and during filming captured both audible and visible paranormal activity which has been left in the film giving those who dare to watch a unique look into one of the most infamous homes in America and possibly exposing them to the devil still lurking within. With their father in prison for murder, siblings Alison and Brandon are instantly considered suspects when a string of killings plagues their town, and they must fight to clear their names. While traveling across country with her fiance, Beth wakes alone in an isolated clinic to a mother's worst nightmare. Just how far will she go to save her child? A young nurse downloads an app that tells her she only has three days to live. With time ticking away and a mysterious figure haunting her, she must find a way to save her life before time runs out. A group of idealistic, but frustrated, liberals succumb to the temptation of murdering rightwing pundits for their political beliefs. This adventurous story of a boy named Uri and an old man takes place in the cosmic Milky Way where the starfish live. This is the tale of their fantasy journey in search of the mysterious monster fish. A man and his grandmother hide out from an ominous broadcast. The Grim Reaper hosts a TV show. The formerly incarcerated recount and reinterpret their first days of freedom. A suburban mom's life is upturned by the beast growing inside of her. And a high school gym teacher runs drills from inside a volcano. What happens when five of independent film's most adventurous filmmakers join together to literally adapt each other's dreams for the screen? What is that thing Jack is building in his cellar?  How could such a device be used?  Perhaps it has something to do with that creature out in the woods... A usual chain mail is forwarded to a group of people. Some pass it while others ignore. One dies and is followed by series of sudden and unexplainable deaths of others. Soon after, a revelation begins to unfold, the chain mail is cursed and so she has to find the origin and mystery behind to stop the misfortunes it may cause to anyone who fails to pass it before another life perish again. Sandra also suspects Anne is behind the tragic incidents that happened to their friends. Will she break the curse before it's too late or will she become one of the victims? Anti Matter (AKA Worm) is a sci-fi noir take on the Alice in Wonderland tale. Ana, an Oxford PhD student, finds herself unable to build new memories following an experiment to generate and travel through a wormhole. The story follows her increasingly desperate efforts to understand what happened, and to find out who - or what - is behind the rising horror in her life. Immediately after their miscarriage, the US diplomat Robert Thorn adopts the newborn Damien without the knowledge of his wife. Yet what he doesn't know is that their new son is the son of the devil. The story of Katherine Ann Watson, a feminist teacher who studied at UCLA graduate school and in 1953 left her boyfriend behind in Los Angeles, California to teach at Wellesley College, a conservative women's private liberal arts college in Massachusetts, United States. Natsuko Kotani was born to be a swindler. Meanwhile, Tetsuko Ishida is Natsuko's distant relative. Unlike Natsuko, Tetsuko is an attorney with an upright disposition. Whenever Natsuko makes trouble, Tetsuko is called to solve her troubles. Believing that Natsuko is using her, Tetsuko, with her boring life, begins to change. A former agent of the CIA and his estranged daughter go on the run after his employers target them for assassination. The last two decades have seen a striking decline in the quality of sound and listening experience. Compressed music, MP3s and streaming, have diminished the quality and flattened the emotion. Marketing gimmicks and convenience now take the place of excellence. The Distortion of Sound is an eye-opening expose of the current state of sound starring Linkin Park, Slash, Quincy Jones and more. This documentary will open your ears and inspire you to reach for richer, more soul-stirring musical experiences. Story is about a young couple who receives a mysterious book which lead them to find the truth about an unsolved murder case which had happened 5 years back. Reality is the real mission. A backwoods recluse steals the body of a young girl killed in a violent car crash, locking her in the freezer of his isolated shed as her sister and boyfriend search frantically for any clues to her whereabouts. The woman of Clive's dreams may be dead, but she'll always be true and she'll never grow old - at least as long as he keeps her on ice. When Cathy and Deric show up looking for the missing traveler, Clive takes them both hostage in a sinister bid to hide his ghoulish secret. ~ Jason Buchanan A millennial nightmare that follows Anna, a young woman stuck in the midst of a quarter-life crisis, who learns how to keep on living after being haunted by the undead spirit from her summer camp past. It's about emerging adulthood and millennial angst; about letting go of our pasts and embracing what it means to grow up. There is an ancient ritual known to humankind for more than a hundred years...According to the legend, an ominous entity known as The Queen of Spades can be summoned by drawing a door and staircase on a mirror in the darkness, and by saying her name three times. The Queen of Spades gets her energy from reflective objects; she cuts locks of hair from those asleep, and those that see her go mad or die. Four teenagers decide to call The Queen of Spades as a joke. But when one of them dies of a sudden heart attack, the group realizes they are up against something inexplicable and deadly dangerous. 6 strangers are kidnapped and through governmental technology have proof they have all killed before and are told 5 will die this night, one may walk, and the six have 2 hours to decide who gets to live. In order to impress his beautiful French neighbor, Dylan Ramsey dognaps her pet pooch so he can return him and become a hero. A young couple awakens a terrible force when they attempt to socialize their reclusive neighbor. A famous crime writer becomes a victim after a crazed fan brutally attacks her. She isolates herself in her apartment, trying to cope and get on with her life, but starts to experience increasingly strange events. It doesn't take long before she is convinced that her attacker is back and stalking her. A murder mystery movie set in Duluth, Minnesota that follows the journey of a woman navigating her past and a Native American police detective searching for a killer.  Kozo Nakase attends meetings for single widowers looking to remarry. He meets Sayoko Takeuchi and eventually marries her. Not longer after their marriage, Kozo Nakase suddenly collapses and dies. Kozo Nakase leaves everything to Sayako. The rest of his family are left out of his will including his daughter Tomomi. Tomomi hires a private investigator, Honda, to find out more about Sayoko. More than 2,000,000 Americans are victims of home burglary each year. How safe is your neighborhood? In 1949 composer Roman Strauss is executed for the vicious murder of his wife Margaret with a pair of scissors. In 1990s Los Angeles a mute amnesiac woman shows up at an orphanage and private eye Mike Church is called in to investigate. Under hypnosis both the woman and Church seem to have a strange link back to the Strauss murder. Stranded along a sublime river fjord in northern Portugal, a hunky ornithologist is subjected to a series of brutal and erotic Stations-of-the-Cross-style tests. Thomas, a European, has come to Quebec for some recreational fishing on his own. He then embarks on the road leading to the north of Canada, chasing after a black truck that killed the son of a young Amerindian woman. This Swiss cop in exile wants justice to be done. He has, however, other reasons for wanting to do the right thing. The life of Camille Claudel, a french scupltor who becomes the apprentice of Auguste Rodin and later his lover. Her passion for her art and Rodin drive her further away from reason and rationality. A hardened cop deals with three conflicting perspectives involving a brutal double murder. The case is complicated as the prime suspects are the parents who supposedly killed their teenage daughter. Based on the German legends, there are visual references to the Ring cycle and to anything even vaguely Germanic, including Rip Van Winkle. The feature "What Nobody Can See" is a psychological drama with elements of science fiction. The story is based on the relationship of the nurse Elsa with her patient Nicola who has fallen into deep coma after experimenting with creation of artificial intellect. He has to go through a long and hard period of recovery, complicated by the artificial intellect "Anna", eager to keep Nicola just for herself. A college professor travels to New York City to attend a conference and finds a young couple living in his apartment. A career officer and his wife work with a police detective to uncover the truth behind their son's disappearance following his return from a tour of duty in Iraq. An elite team of DEA agents are assigned to protect a dangerous drug lord and take refuge in a luxury hotel while they await extraction. They soon find themselves at the center of an ambush as the drug lord's former associates launch an explosive assault on the hotel. In a small town, a writer and a local man unite to find out what happened to their missing relatives. A couple's love is put to the ultimate test by a Haunted House attraction that seems to have a mind of its own. In the summer of 2012, footage was captured by three travelers on a road trip, who unwittingly find themselves in the middle of a massive global conspiracy. A man videotaping his road trip is taken hostage by three criminals and forced to tape their crime spree, including robberies and murder. In a future world, young people are increasingly becoming addicted to an illegal (and potentially deadly) battle simulation game called Avalon. When Ash, a star player, hears of rumors that a more advanced level of the game exists somewhere, she gives up her loner ways and joins a gang of explorers. Even if she finds the gateway to the next level, will she ever be able to come back to reality? The disappearance of a girl in a exclusive private neighborhood unearths the secrets of three families. A distressed couple become stranded on an isolated island only to get hunted by an unforeseen force. Two strangers feel a supernatural connection after being involved in the same accident.  A dysfunctional family awake on Christmas morning to discover they're sealed inside their house by a mysterious black substance. On television, a single line of text reads: "Stay Indoors and Await Further Instructions." One astronaut's journey through space and life ends on a hostile exosolar planet. Grounded is a metaphorical account of the experience, inviting unique interpretation and reflection by the viewer. Themes of aging, inheritance, paternal approval, cyclic trajectories, and behaviors passed on through generations are explored against an ethereal backdrop. When his client suddenly confesses to murder in open court, a hotshot attorney embarks on a search for truth to redeem his ruined reputation. 10 strangers set off to a strange land. What happens there changes their lives forever. Aatagara is an edge-of-the-seat multi-starrer that is unique and never seen before in the Indian cinema. A service which creates holographic projections of late family members allows an elderly woman to spend time with a younger version of her deceased husband. Seven uniquely connected people awaken in an unusual room and endure hellish creatures in this surrealistic nightmare. On a bleak future Earth, a soldier endures a radical genetic transformation to save humanity. But his wife fears he's becoming more creature than man. A post-modern theater adaptation of a classic Greek tragedy takes place in a central theater of Athens. Like every night, the audience take their seats and the play begins. Suddenly, the lights on stage go out. A group of young people, dressed in black and carrying guns, come up on stage. They apologize for the interruption and invite people from the audience to participate on stage. The play resumes with a main difference; life imitates art and not the opposite. Upon turning eight-teen, Salih leaves the orphanage to find his lost family and begins working in a Serbian farm. Suddenly, at the most unexpected moment he has found a home. Will he ever be able to let go of the ghosts of his past and be happy in this new life? As tension escalates disquieting secrets surface. A gripping tale of family, love and identity, My Mother's Wound follows Salih as he searches for a trail of hope amongst war-torn lives. When young Tommi goes missing during a festival in the Dolomites in 2010, his parents are devastated. Five years later, a boy is found with no name or records; DNA tests prove it is Tommi. But while Tommi's father Manuel welcomes him back with open arms, his mother Linda is not convinced that it is her son. Suspicion and superstition permeate the pores of this eerie mystery thriller. In a dystopian future, where corporate brands have created a disillusioned population, one man's effort to unlock the truth behind the conspiracy leads to an epic battle with hidden forces that control the world. It is a late night and raining hard when suddenly a strange woman, wearing only lingerie, runs into a man, fishing at the lake, and asks him for help. Soon the man finds out that the woman is a mute then agrees to follow her. The woman brings the man to a hillock where her husband is tied up and bleeding, screaming to save his life in a large bag.  Two con artists go after the wrong score and pay the price for getting caught. Best hood movie from Chicago When a boy invites 7 friends over to his Murder Mystery Themed Birthday Party, halfway through the evening, someone actually gets murdered, spurring on a full blown murder mystery. 8:30 follows an unsuspecting door-to-door salesman, who finds himself stranded in a desert-like suburb as his train returns to the same train station over and over again in what seems to be an infinite loop. Fantastic story of the first half of the XIX century about a monk named Ivan who must fight the dark forces in his monastery. A British spy ship has sunk and on board was a hi-tech encryption device. James Bond is sent to find the device that holds British launching instructions before the enemy Soviets get to it first. When the body of a drifter is discovered the same day a photographer arrives in a small farming community, the local sheriff is left to piece together a string of events that don't quite add up.  Anabel and his two roommates are looking for someone to share the rent. They choose an older gentleman who gain their trust, but soon they discover a strange and disturbing presence. Three young women traveling along a dark country road encounter a mysterious girl in a white dress who turns out to be far more than she seems. Heather is a shy lady who works in a helpline call centre. When she receives a phone call from a mystery man, she has no idea that the encounter will change her life forever. Girls are killed at a college. Five top level staff of a company are selected for a retreat where the new CEO of a global company will be chosen. What starts off as cordial soon goes sour as they attempt to outdo one another to be named The CEO. In 1960, a team of Israeli secret agents is deployed to find Adolf Eichmann, the infamous Nazi architect of the Holocaust, supposedly hidden in Argentina, and get him to Israel to be judged. Samuel Salomon, a literature professor, has been off work for almost a year after the tragic death of his girlfriend. Samuel has been suffering from a recurring nightmare in which a woman is brutally murdered in a strange ritual. Suddenly, the same woman who appears every night in his dreams is found dead in exactly the same circumstances. Samuel sneaks into the crime scene and there he meets Rachel who has also dreamed about the murder. Together, they will do whatever they can to discover the identity of the mystery woman, entering a terrifying world controlled by the figures who have inspired artists throughout time: the Muses. A young man's life is turned upside down when his violent dreams begin to blend with reality. If Winnie shot her two friends in self defense as she later claimed, why did she hide their bodies in trunks and attempt to take them as luggage with her on a train to L.A.? No overview found. Tova is alone, until she finds herself in a young woman named Agnes through some old home videos. When the videos doesn't end the way Tova anticipated, she tries to fix it by digitally rearranging the events from Agnes' life. Chris and his girlfriend Rose go upstate to visit her parents for the weekend. At first, Chris reads the family's overly accommodating behavior as nervous attempts to deal with their daughter's interracial relationship, but as the weekend progresses, a series of increasingly disturbing discoveries lead him to a truth that he never could have imagined. In the grim Alaskan winter, a naturalist hunts for wolves blamed for killing a local boy, but he soon finds himself swept into a chilling mystery. For rookie cop Linda Blair and serial killer Clive Barker, the biggest challenge they'll both face, is looking in the mirror. A young nurse takes care of elderly author who lives in a haunted house. Alan is a stylish tailor with moves as sharp as his suits. He has spent years searching tirelessly for his missing son Michael who stormed out over a game of Scrabble. With a body to identify and his family torn apart, Alan must repair the relationship with his youngest son Peter and solve the mystery of an online player who he thinks could be Michael, so he can finally move on and reunite his family. A genre-defying mixture of horror, sci-fi, myth, mystery and thrills told as four interlocking tales in one intelligent anthology. Ghosts, spirits, creatures, demons and more from the paranormal world collide with rational curiosity. A couple inherits their family's ancient Italian palazzo where sinister shadows from the past reappear. A Senate investigation into the President's newly-nominated Secretary of State gives light to a secret from the past, which may not only ruin the candidate, but the President's character as well. Every year, Goa, one of the biggest party and holiday hosts to the world, welcomes infinite number of tourists. Most of them go back once the season gets over. Few choose to stay back, digging deeper into the traces of a hippie hangover, or trying to search oneself through the incandescent, colorful, trippy shores of Goa. And a few yet, get in so deep at the wrong end of paradise, that they are lost forever, in the same place, but in a whole different world altogether. The film takes one such real-life character - Roy - through a plethora of happenings, phenomena, legends, myths, sights, sounds, experiences and thrilling stories of the fabled Goan paradise. What happens to the protagonist through the bitter-sweet, darkly funny, crazy, trippy journey and what comes along at the end of it, weaves the half-fictitious/half-real story of our film - CandyFlip. Encouraged by a film producer, two friends, Greg and Jonas, are writing a screenplay in a country house. As Greg's mind is distracted by his traveling girlfriend, Violette, Jonas decides to invite two girls to spend the weekend. Chasing The Dragon II: Wild Wild Bunch is based on a real-life spate of kidnappings that terrorised Hong Kong's elite in the 1990's. Tony Leung Ka-fai plays the kidnap kingpin, while Louis Koo is the undercover agent who infiltrates his gang. 1840 and another ship crashes on the rocks of an almost deserted island in Scotland. Three sailors survive the wreck and make it to shore where the few locals take them in as they wait for the mainland boat to come for them. But the sailors' survival story has only just started as they uncover the strange past of the once vibrant island. JC (Alexander Polli) is a B.A.S.E. Jumper, a global playboy who lives his life quite literally on the edge, pursuing man's greatest dream - to fly. When a jump goes wrong, that dream is violently shattered. Haunted by the event, JC is drawn to his best friend's lover, ASH (Julie Dray), as he pushes himself harder than ever before - flying lower, closer, faster and recording every moment on film. Soon JC's dark descent threatens not only his own life but the lives of all those around him. BASE follows a man over the edge and watches him fall. Heads are lined up on the shelves one next to another, with different colors and hair styles, yet all the faces are cold and nonchalant. This is Rainbow Salon, a supplier of hair models and wigs to salons and schools. Among these countless "heads," the shop owner's wife lies in the basement of the Rainbow Salon tonight--struggling to breathe, her windpipe cut. The shop owner rushes her to the hospital and then flees. A reporter follows this case and finds that the shop owner has fled the city with his first love. As the reporter attempts to unveil the truth, an unsolved murder from the past seems to be connected to the case--and nothing is as it first appears. Two drunk parents attempt to hide their ever increasing financial difficulties from their daughter and social circle through elaborate neighborhood schemes. After 23 years on Death Row a convicted murderer petitions the court asking to be executed, but as his story unfolds, it becomes clear that nothing is what it seems. A 70 year-old Kentucky man loses sleep after purchasing a second-hand lamp from a flea market. On the night that Jasper Jones, the town's mixed race outcast shows him the dead body of young Laura Wishart, Charlie's life is changed forever. Entrusted with this secret and believing Jasper to be innocent, Charlie embarks on a dangerous journey to find the true killer. Set over the scorching summer holidays of 1965, Charlie defeats the local racists, faces the breakup of his parents and falls head over heels in love as he discovers what it means to be truly courageous. A city in Washington state awakens to the surreal sight of foreign paratroopers dropping from the sky--shockingly, the U.S. has been invaded and their hometown is the initial target. Quickly and without warning, the citizens find themselves prisoners and their town under enemy occupation. Determined to fight back, a group of young patriots seek refuge in the surrounding woods, training and reorganizing themselves into a guerrilla group of fighters. Based on the infamous "Concrete-encased high school girl murder case" that took place from November 1988 to January 1989 in Japan. Junko Furuta, a female 17 year old high school student, was kidnapped and confined in a house by four other male high school students (all juvenile) in the Ayase district of Adachi-ku, Tokyo, where she was repeatedly raped, sexually humiliated and tortured in an extremely brutish manner for 41 days before she finally died after a particularly severe beating. The boys hid her body in a drum and filled it with concrete, but the body was nonetheless discovered a few months later. Headstrong textile student Irina tries to overcome her problems by accepting a summer job offer from an isolated and offbeat village of Kyrsya. As Irina begins to get a grip of herself, the harmless and offbeat hillbillies begin to reveal their true nature. A lone scientist maintains an underground bunker for the coming global nuclear disaster. But after becoming prematurely isolated, he slowly begins to question his own reality and whether he is truly alone. Director Richard Mundy's immersive psychological thriller, is a tense and unsettling nightmare you'll never be sure you've woken up from. A Chinese monk's description of oasis cities during a 7th Century pilgrimage would prove invaluable to another explorer more than 1000 years later. Sir Aurel Stein found cities buried in sand and a 1000 year-old Buddhist library in near-perfect condition. A couple's relationship is tested when uninvited guests arrive at their home, disrupting their tranquil existence. Astronaut Kathryn Voss, sole survivor of a disastrous space shuttle mission, is a distraught mother desperate to reunite with her terminally ill daughter but becomes a wanted fugitive after discovering she possesses an extraordinary gift. Adrian and Esteban have been missing for a year. The police are at a standstill, despite having found their personal belongings in Cozumel, an island 12 miles away from the Riviera Maya. Alex friend of both, manages to get their cell phones, with which he will start his own parallel research. And he will discover that the truth is much more terrifying than you could imagine. Veras Mantle is about a successful author who suffers from agoraphobia and can't leave her house. When she is threatened by a sinister fan, Vera comes gradually behind the secret of her illness. Two skeptic researchers investigate a mother's claim that an unknown presence may be trying to communicate with her 7-year-old daughter. Following the events of Captain America: Civil War, Peter Parker, with the help of his mentor Tony Stark, tries to balance his life as an ordinary high school student in Queens, New York City, with fighting crime as his superhero alter ego Spider-Man as a new threat, the Vulture, emerges. A frustrated, angry teenage girl awakens something in the woods when she naively performs an occult ritual to evoke a witch to kill her mother. The story of Aung San Suu Kyi as she becomes the core of Burma's democracy movement, and her relationship with her husband, writer Michael Aris. After losing his best friend Charlie on Christmas Eve, Bobby Whiteside ventures out onto the lake where they played games of winter hockey. Upon shoveling the ice surface he discovers a magic, perfectly groomed hockey rink that appears only at night in his presence. When a development company starts purchasing lake frontage, Bobby joins forces with his high school crush to rally the town to play one last game on the night pond. Alex Linden is a psychiatrist living in Vienna who meets Milena Flaherty though a mutual friend. Though Alex is quite a bit older than Milena, he's attracted to her young, carefree spirit. Despite the fact that Milena is already married, their friendship quickly turns into a deeply passionate love affair that threatens to overtake them both. When Milena ends up in the hospital from an overdose, Alex is taken into custody by Inspector Netusil. Vanitas is the new feature film by veteran Portuguese director Paulo Rocha. With a script by Regina Guimaraes, the film brings together actresses Isabel Ruth and Joana Barcia - no strangers to this director's world - in a story about a depressed fashion designer who falls in love with the daughter of one her tailors. In pre-Revolutionary France, a young aristocratic woman left penniless by the political unrest in the country, must avenge her family's fall from grace by scheming to steal a priceless necklace. Dreamy college student Uma has a unique connection to the world around her. She can sense people's thoughts as she navigates the urban jungle of New York City. However, when she begins receiving a series of bizarre and threatening messages from a mysterious character, "Red Rabbit," she loses track of what's real and what isn't. Nuclear tests in the desert result in the growth of gigantic mutant ants who menace cities in the American south-west as a team of investigators and the army search for a way to control their spread in this Cold War-era monster film.  In this MGM Crime Does Not Pay series short, a young man graduates from the police academy at the top of his class. He then teams up with some local thieves and uses his knowledge of police procedures to pursue a career of undetected crime. An experimental narrative musical short film that combines personal narrative with nature cinematography and classical music. A work of visual art that borrows from music the principles of the fugue, with the sudden flight of a man to his hotel room as its main theme. Where he dreams. Harvey, a self-doubting private investigator, plans to marry his girlfriend until he is hired to solve an adultery case and discovers the adulterer is cheating with his fiancee. Lost and dejected, Harvey quits his job and wallows in booze and the occasional odd blind date. Meanwhile, Katia, a Jewish woman from St. Petersburg, arrives in Sydney after answering an ad from an international matchmaking agency. But instead of love, she finds her prospective groom dead on arrival. Several years after the tragic death of their little girl, a doll maker and his wife welcome a nun and several girls from a shuttered orphanage into their home, soon becoming the target of the doll maker's possessed creation--Annabelle. In a series of escalating encounters, former security guard David Dunn uses his supernatural abilities to track Kevin Wendell Crumb, a disturbed man who has twenty-four personalities. Meanwhile, the shadowy presence of Elijah Price emerges as an orchestrator who holds secrets critical to both men. An old and lonely writer's life is turned around when a young woman comes into his life and one day a uninvited guest comes and makes things more complicated. A mysterious -- and suspicious -- run of ill fortune plagues a teenage girl and her mother and sister on their hillside farm in this folk story set in the dark hills of Wales during the industrial revolution. From the acclaimed team that brought you BBC's visual feast "Planet Earth," this feature length film incorporates some of the same footage from the series with all new scenes following three remarkable, yet sadly endangered, families of animal across the globe. Having fallen in love eight years ago, a young couple finds their engagement on the rocks. As they desperately cling to the foundations of their relationship, one man knows exactly how to start the fire to burn it down. Three best friends try to get 'internet famous' by filming their own survival show out in the woods. A weekend trip to accomplish this project turns deadly when a mysterious and very foreign visitor ends up in their neck of the woods. A blind musician hears a murder committed in the apartment upstairs from hers that sends her down a dark path into London's gritty criminal underworld. In this detective story, filmmaker Cullen Hoback investigates the largest chemical drinking water contamination in a generation. But something is rotten in state and federal regulatory agencies, and through years of persistent journalism, we learn the shocking truth about what's really happening with drinking water in America. A  look back at the Saw series of films. An eccentric mountain man on the run from the local sheriff recalls the mysterious events that brought him to his present fugitive state. The Dead End  After a traumatic experience, Chris comes home to confront his past. but soon finds himself prey to a Demon who taunts him through sleep paralysis. A demoted reporter (George Brent) and his girlfriend (Brenda Marshall) seek to expose a crime kingpin. An American journalism student in London scoops a big story, and begins an affair with an aristocrat as the incident unfurls.  When Jimmy Preston goes missing in the small town of Brookhaven, Mississippi, the gossip circle formed by three women (Ann, Jenny and Patsy) become amateur detectives in an effort to solve his disappearance. The film version of 'Till Death Do Us Part'  tells the story of Alf Garnett, his wife Else, and their newborn daughter Rita, living through the London Blitz and beyond. FEDERICO, a man who has lost everything in life, creates a new religious cult kidnaps FERNANDO, a former business partner, whom trying to leave as heir of worship amid a slaughter justified by their own past tragedies. A filmmaker's journey through his past encounters with his 10 ex-girlfriends as he spends one surreal unforgettable night at a film festival after he meets a mysterious girl who intriguingly seems to have something to do with every woman in his life. A mild-mannered college professor discovers a look-alike actor and delves into the other man's private affairs. The story of a young boy in the Midwest is told simultaneously with a tale about a young girl in New York from fifty years ago as they both seek the same mysterious connection. Confronted by the cultural restrict rules of his Scandinavian society, a private detective deconstructs himself through the argument of Shakespeare' s Hamlet. The Woods family gathers at a cabin resort to hear the last will and testament of their wealthy patriarch George Woods ten years after his death. All vying for the much-anticipated Woods' fortune, the players include his greedy sister and her grandson, an eccentric niece and two ambitious nephews, his mistress, and his missing daughter's husband with their amnesiac granddaughter. Before the players can stake their claim to the family fortune, each must survive the family attorney's investigation into the mysterious disappearance of Woods' adopted daughter Mona. Why did Mona suddenly run away before the death of Woods? Will she show up to claim her fortune, or was her disappearance the result of a conspiracy? As the story unfolds, family members turn on each other and murder is the weapon of choice to reveal a dark secret. During a Chinese wedding hosted by a powerful business man, unsettling incidents occur which disrupt the celebration. On Jihwan's journey for his next novel, he encounters Hansung, his old friend and novel writer. Jihwan followed Hansung into a strange valley only to fail to catch Hansung, a place where he came across a black covered note. Jihwan refers the novel and mimic one. After that, revealing intricate connection between Hansung and Jihwan. When Emma Gardner, a whip smart NYC reporter learns of her father's untimely death, she returns to her home town to find that the idyllic farming community of her childhood has been ravaged by drought and has become a place tormented by gangs and the ill effects of extreme poverty. She quickly figures out that her dad's accidental death was not accidental at all. The lists of possible suspects include overly zealous environmentalists, a local war lord and other farmers jealous of her father's outstanding reputation. An ordinary man (played by Tim Morton) lives a dull life till his friend Chet (played by Jimmy Kustes) comes over to stay for a few days. His friend ropes him to various schemes and generally makes a bunch of faux pas. His girlfriend (played by Johanna Sims) mostly runs around without alerting him of her whereabouts. He escapes his dull day-to-day existence by watching the TV show New Cops and dreaming various scenarios involving him being the President of the United States and Chet serving as his adviser. Chet recommends they hire detective Flaherty (played by David Maloney) to investigate a book heist at the local library. Kako (Fumi Nikaido) is a female high school student. She lives at a restaurant run by her family in Kitashinagawa, Tokyo. Unexpectedly, Kako's aunt, Mikiko (Kyoko Koizumi), suddenly appears. Kako thought her aunt died 18 years ago. Her whole family is embarrassed by Mikiko's appearance due to a past incident caused by Mikiko. Kako is also irritated when Mikiko lives in her room. They spend the summer together. A stranger arrives in a little village and soon after a mysterious sickness starts spreading. A policeman is drawn into the incident and is forced to solve the mystery in order to save his daughter. A comedy drama told from six different perspectives of a family who reunite in Adelaide when Mum plans to sell the family home. Any sense of togetherness quickly crumbles to reveal how fucked and glorious it is to be home. Four stepbrothers are having a hard time getting along as a family. 15 years after their parents' second wedding, the four unexpectedly head home and reunite by an urgent call from their youngest stepsister, born between the remarried parents. Although their rivalry escalates, the four brothers come to a momentary truce to put their hearts together and find their missing parents. Will Browning accidently creates a clone of himself when working on a science project. Ben and Ashley come together 20 years after the murder of their parents to determine the cause of their parents' death. Ashley is troubled by the idea that the thing that took her parents' lives may not be finished with her family. A widow hosts a gathering for her high-society friends in an attempt to help solve her husband's murder. Documentary about daily life of a Men's Monastery in Abkhazia When Day, a sunny fellow, encounters Night, a stranger of distinctly darker moods, sparks fly! Day and Night are frightened and suspicious of each other at first, and quickly get off on the wrong foot. But as they discover each other's unique qualities--and come to realize that each of them offers a different window onto the same world-the friendship helps both to gain a new perspective. Behind the looks of a shy film student, David hides an obscure past that is about to be revealed. Figures strange to his routine appear in his life, and awaken feelings that transform him into a serial killer. David shoots the killings and gets famous on the internet. As the killings happen, his disturbing secret is threatened and can come out. A mentally unstable Vietnam War veteran works as a night-time taxi driver in New York City where the perceived decadence and sleaze feeds his urge for violent action, attempting to save a preadolescent prostitute in the process.  Two hundred years after Lt. Ripley died, a group of scientists clone her, hoping to breed the ultimate weapon. But the new Ripley is full of surprises ... as are the new aliens. Ripley must team with a band of smugglers to keep the creatures from reaching Earth. More than 10 years after the release of Green Day's American Idiot, the 2015 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Inductees present this time capsule rock doc that takes us inside the making of their award-winning punk rock opera. A group of students decide to base their media assignment on a local railway museum myth. However, when they trespass the premises after hours, they soon learn that some myths are more than stories. A hillbilly deacon, who is actually a cardsharp in disguise, becomes involved in a small-town fight game. When her boyfriend dumps Emily, a spontaneous woman in her 30s, she persuades her ultra-cautious mom to accompany her on a vacation to Ecuador. When these two very different women are trapped on this wild journey, their bond as mother and daughter is tested and strengthened while they attempt to navigate the jungle and escape. 15 years ago the sea at the coast of Windholm just vanished. Now two young physicists try to find out, why it happened... Journalist David Farrier stumbles upon a mysterious tickling competition online. As he delves deeper he comes up against fierce resistance, but that doesn't stop him getting to the bottom of a story stranger than fiction. Mary moves back to her suburban hometown to find that the suburbs are scarier in more ways than she ever remembered. On a remote Irish farm, five people become unwilling participants in an experiment that goes nightmarishly wrong. After an unprecedented global pandemic has turned the majority of humankind into violent infected beings, Morgan, a man gifted with the ability to speak the infected's new language, leads the last survivors on a hunt for patient zero and a cure. Three best friends Danny, Boy and Adam love doing paranormal-related activities at secluded places in order to confirm the existence of ghosts. The trio then goes to an abandoned bungalow that has a dark history behind it, where one of the residents was accused of unconsciously killing his family members. Darren, Lou, Jo and Mas live a meager existence on the fringes of poverty. Indebted to the criminal kingpin of their social housing development, they routinely fear for their lives. On the other side of town, the already wealthy Marcus and his disabled brother Clive receive a windfall in the form of a winning lottery ticket. When their worlds collide following a botched robbery, the would-be criminals get more than they bargained for, and will be tested to their limits in a desperate attempt to survive a predator of monstrous proportions. Driven by the desire for the huge reward, Tang Ren (by Wang Baoqiang) tricked Qin Feng (by Liu Haoran) to New York, to attend the World Detective Contest,. Later on, behind the crazy competition, Qin and Tang discovered the real hidden facts of this contest. The story of Joao "Jango" Goulart, the Brazilian left-wing president deposed by the military. A woman who was not happy in married life accidentally kills her husband and then the ghost of the man haunts her. She can't bear the trauma and tries to suicide. A must watch film for those who loves horror and mystery thriller. Collegian Tree Gelbman wakes up in horror to learn that she's stuck in a parallel universe. Her boyfriend Carter is now with someone else, and her friends and fellow students seem to be completely different versions of themselves. When Tree discovers that Carter's roommate has been altering time, she finds herself once again the target of a masked killer. When the psychopath starts to go after her inner circle, Tree soon realizes that she must die over and over again to save everyone. On the day she learns of her pregnancy, a woman also finds out that her husband is sterile. A bereaved father wants to know what happened to his son, even if that means going up against a multi-billion dollar company. His grief drives him to seek justice. His love drives him to defend lives and along with the private detective he consults, will stop at nothing to exploit the malicious underbelly of the company responsible for the loss. Peek behind the curtain shrouding the politics of the health industry in this noir-style film set in modern America. Inspired by true events, THE LAST SMILE examines a broken system filled with corruption and greed that underlies the unregulated health supplement industry. A convict marries the warder's daughter after his escape and she eventually persuades him to finish his sentence. Louis Pothen (Mammootty) is an all rounder. He is divorce lawyer, he participates in live TV channel debates on various topics, and he is a film critic, too. His wife Vasuki Iyer (Nayantara) is a Kathakali artist, and together with his school-going daughter, they live in a city highrise. The story further focuses on an incident that sort of transformed the lively Vasuki into an introvert. What follows is a dramatic exploration of Vasuki's recent past and how she gets over it. Yuki is a 2nd year high school student. She volunteers at a paediatrics ward for her summer vacation, because she wants to witness the moment a person dies. She got that thought after feeling envious of a transfer student's story of seeing a friend's dead body.  Yuki has friend named Atsuko. She was bullied in the past and has anxiety issues. She volunteers at a nursing home for her summer vacation, hoping that she will gain courage if she sees the moment a person dies. Two police officers trapped in a web of deception and lies from everyone they trust after they take up a case involving a mysterious man who is arrested for a double homicide. A young woman impersonates a shrink to win over her Prince Charming.  The long-awaited missing pieces from the original version of the film - nearly an hour-and-a-half of deleted/alternate scenes from Twin Peaks: Fire Walk With Me - often referred to as the "holy grail" of Twin Peaks fandom. Sonbert was also a noted opera critic, and he frequently theorized about the relationship of film to other art forms, in particular, music. He analogized the notes, chords, and tone clusters of music to the progression of shots in film. The shot was the building block upon which Sonbert created the musical rhythms of his films.  Sonbert published excerpts from his feature-film screenplay adaptation of Strauss' Capriccio, his favorite opera, in 1986. Short Fuse, completed six years later, can be seen as a return to Capriccio's themes, including 'Nazism and eroticism, beauty and force, detail and structure.' (William Graves) Underscoring a question raised by Capriccio--whether in opera the music or the libretto takes priority--Short Fuse is replete with a soundtrack that counterpoints the film's visuals, prompting the viewer to ask whether the music or the imagery predominates. -- Jon Gartenberg An instigating film that brings up the end of the world in a poetic way A series of crimes against redheads scares the people from a little town. After the death of his brother, the 13 year old Alberto decides to investigate what is happening and is helped by the experienced but forgetful Inspector Pimentel. An expectant couple's intimate weekend turns to terror as they discover their secluded country inn is a haunted maternity home where infants and mothers were murdered. A seemingly chance encounter with an estranged childhood friend draws a bookstore clerk into a plot to steal a time machine. While investigating a story, a journalist crosses path with an advocate. The investigation leads her to a series of complicated situations, unraveling secrets that can pose a threat to her life. A family rents their home to unsuspecting tourists to satiate the monster that lives in its very walls. Ayna is an actor and the prison is his stage. He slips into the characters of the powerful convicted in exchange of money and take their place in prison. This strange profession is borne out of a society that doesn't give him a chance to follow his passion of acting, but forces him to act in the real life. Falling in love with the girl next door changes his life equation and he decides to end this career with one last performance. But this one takes him too deep in the rabbit hole. The story unfolds on how an underdog survives in a society that is merciless and struggles his way out from the clutch of crime game which he is a part too. Sumon is compelled to grow up in the city's underworld as mafia lord Osman Ali's killer machine. After killing a pregnant woman, Sumon's conscience leads him to defy Ali's order. After NASA picks up a trio of mysterious signals from within our own solar system, astronaut Roger Nelson is dispatched on a multi-year solo mission aboard the Magellan spacecraft to investigate the sources. An FBI agent teams with the town's veteran game tracker to investigate a murder that occurred on a Native American reservation. An expatriate Russian dancer is on a plane forced to land on Soviet territory. He is taken to an apartment in which a black American who has married a Russian woman lives with her. He is to become a dancer for the Bolshoi again, but he wishes to escape, but can he trust the American? When Champion City's hero Captain Amazing is kidnapped by the recently paroled supervillain Casanova Frankenstein, a trio of average, everyday superheroes -- Mr. Furious, the Shoveler and the Blue Raja -- assemble a new super team to save him. When Bobby's car breaks down in the desert while on the run from some of the bookies who have already taken two of his fingers, he becomes trapped in the nearby small town where the people are stranger than anyone he's encountered. After becoming involved with a young married woman, her husband hires Bobby to kill her. Later, she hires Bobby to kill the husband. A teen must resort to extreme measures to protect her family from a supernatural entity. A city teen travels to Montana to go hunting with his estranged father, only for the strained trip to become a battle for survival when they encounter a grizzly bear When I came of age, my father gave me a film about my life. It infuriated me, because I had attempted to get away from his camera all my childhood. My father, filmmaker Joschy Scheidegger, documented our family obsessively. It was only when he died that I was impelled to take over not only his extensive film archive, but also his camera. <<My Life as a Film>> is a personal search for the surprising truths hidden behind my father's pictures. A philosophical family story about filming and the attempt to capture life. In a small village deep within the forests of Sri Lanka, everyone follows the teachings of a monk, with the exception of one hunter. While no one dares to kill in accordance with the monk's teachings, the lone hunter hunts and provides meat for everyone. Meanwhile, beautiful villager Gomari is killed by a leopard, but no one knows this. Suspecting what happened to Gomari, the hunter begs the monk to cancel the upcoming full moon rituals, but the monk refuses, believing in the inevitability of fate. The hunter that never kills unless absolutely necessary must now hunt alone for the leopard that will attack humans. Five strangers who met online decide to shoot a short film in an old mansion but instead experience paranormal activity during their activities. The story of a super-secret spy organization that recruits an unrefined but promising street kid into the agency's ultra-competitive training program just as a global threat emerges from a twisted tech genius. A student with blood complications believes that his medication is the cause of his recent hallucinations. Desperate to find out what they mean, he collides with and injures an innocent woman, sparking her son to pursue the identity of the man responsible for his Mother's injury. Missing and death cases take place in succession along the Korean Demilitarized Zone. South Korea forms a unit led by Captain Jo Jin-Ho and First Lieutenant Shin Yoo-Hwa as assistant leader. They are given only 24 hours to find out the truth behind the incidents. Team members find evidence, but they feel like something isn't right. A young British girl born and reared in India loses her neglectful parents in an earthquake. She is returned to England to live at her uncle's castle. Her uncle is very distant due to the loss of his wife ten years before. Neglected once again, she begins exploring the estate and discovers a garden that has been locked and neglected. Aided by one of the servants' boys, she begins restoring the garden, and eventually discovers some other secrets of the manor. After deciphering a message found in a satellite, genius cryptographer Alex Jacobs finds himself being stalked by government agents and otherworldly beings. Early one summer morning a young man, with a secret stashed away in a duffel bag, emerges from the forest. In a nearby village he asks around for work, but the farmers, suspicious to the point of hostility, are not very forthcoming. Only when Lucy, the mayor's unruly daughter, takes a liking to him, does the village change its attitude: he is promptly offered a job as a farmhand and a caravan to live in. As time passes and he is gradually integrated into the community, it emerges that he's not the only one with a past to hide. Something sinister is lurking under the immaculate surface of this picturesque little world - and it is slowly drawing him in. A former soldier is taken captive and awakens in the back of a van where he learns that he only has less than 10 minutes to figure out how he got there. "The Last Bastion" tells the origin story of the inquisitive transforming robot, Bastion. In this episode, we follow the forgotten battle automaton as it unexpectedly reactivates after laying dormant in the wilderness for over a decade. Fascinated by its unfamiliar surroundings, the curious omnic begins to investigate, but quickly discovers its core combat programming may have a different directive... TRAILERS unites the most personal and experimental aspects of underground filmmaking with a scope that is as cosmically vast as a science fiction epic. Rashidi's ongoing exploration into the nature of cinema sees a group of characters adrift in space, each locked into their own sexual rituals while a cataclysm of universal proportions unfolds. Humanity has become a mysterious burlesque show for alien eyes: the gaze of the film camera. This visionary spectacle uses multiple formats and visual textures in weaving an erotic anti-narrative suspended in its own space and time.  An orange Chevrolet Impala drives across a cemetery towards an abandoned shipwreck in the middle of a desert landscape. It is the 22nd of January, 1965. The day before, the Iranian prime minister was shot dead in front of the parliament building. Inside the wreck, a banished political prisoner has hung himself. The walls are covered in diary entries, literary quotes and strange symbols. Can they help Police Inspector Babak Hafizi in his investigations? Will they shed any light on why there is always an earthquake whenever somebody is buried in this desert cemetery? Two travelers undertake the construction of a gigantic bridge in order to cross a gulf blocking their way. A documentary film released in 2000 about two American families with young deaf children and their conflict over whether or not to give their children cochlear implants, surgically implanted devices that may improve their ability to hear but may threaten their deaf identity. "The Karma Killings," is a modern-day crime thriller mixed in with Indian mythology and class warfare. The documentary delves into India's most infamous serial killings and its impact on a nation. Told through the people directly involved, the film unravels the complexities of the case and goes beyond the sensational headlines to present a suspenseful and scary mystery. And has a huge twist - one of the killers maybe innocent? Vidya Sinha (Vidya Balan) has only one obsession in life. She wants to see her teenage daughter Mini, who is paralysed waist-downwards, walk again. But, is this scenario as obvious as it seems? Or is Vidya an impersonator of Durga Rani Singh from Kalimpong, who is wanted for kidnapping and murder? Jai Chiranjeeva (Telugu: jai cirNjiiv) is a Tollywood 2005 film directed by K. Vijaya Bhaskar and produced by Vyjayanthi Movies. The movie stars Chiranjeevi, Bhoomika Chawla and Arbaaz Khan . It was dubbed into Hindi and Tamil as Bhajrang and Deva respectively. The film turned into a big hit in Bhoomika's career, after Kushi An old rusted bridge is repaired by an engineer. Alone in the middle of nowhere, this man executes every day his endless task but his role seems to be taking end now. The story begins with a regular Joe who tries desperately to seek employment, but embarks on a violent rampage when he teams up with cult leader Uncle Dave. Their first act is to heist an amusement park, only to learn that the Taliban are planning the same heist as well. Chaos ensues, and now the Postal Dude must not only take on terrorists but also political figures. In this montage a melding of camera original and found material hints at a realization which is evident only in the fissures of splintered associations. Obscured among visceral absurdities and lightweight witticisms there seeps a viscera, an acrid recollection, coiled in the intangibles of puzzled shadows. Demon hunter, Jebediah Huntley teams up with an FBI agent to battle a supernatural force in the southern state of Mississippi. My daughter Yasuko (Yukawa Ishikawa) is also independent, and my wife, Sawako (Junichi Haruta), and a housewife, Sawako (Takagi Yu), who are spending peaceful days. One day, she is asked by a man who sells stones on the roadside (Takuno Matsunaga), and she is given a stone as a thank you. On the other hand, her daughter Yasuko was associated with a musician who couldn't sell, and she shut up with her parents and quit her job and worked for a snack. Sawako, who knew it, worries to head to her apartment, but starts a quarrel with each other. However, lightning strikes at that moment and the room is completely dark. When the lights came back again, the bodies of the mother and daughter were replaced. Three people arrive in a village in Southern England in the early years of World War 2. Alison Smith is a London girl who is due to start working on a farm as a 'Land Girl'. Peter Gibbs is an Englishman conscripted into the army, taking a few days leave before going abroad. Bob Johnson is a U.S. Army sergeant who wanted to go to Canterbury, but got off here by mistake. As they walk into the village, Alison is attacked by 'The Glue Man', a prankster who pours glue in women's hair. The three of them start to explore the area to discover and expose 'The Glue Man' but then get engrossed in the history of the area and the tales of The Pilgrim's Way. The local magistrate, Thomas Colpeper, JP is a local historian and a very mysterious character who leads them further into the mystery. A couple moves into a new house in the middle of sugarcane fields unaware that it is haunted by evil spirits. Beginning with the World Trade Center's North Tower afire and billowing dense smoke, and ending on the vast expanse of ash-brown debris the following morning, The First 24 Hours documents "ground zero" in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001. Shot independently over a 24-hour period, the film is first a witness to the fall of the twin towers, as a line of fire and a buckle in the armature signal imminent collapse. It is then an intimate view of the smoldering monochromatic site and the surrounding solitary streets, the ashen outskirts of New York's financial center, desolate and strewn with debris, the epicenter, a steel moonscape of Dresdenesque remains. People on the site work monotonously, in a fervor, then dazed, trance-like. The images speak for themselves, intentionally devoid of commentary and music. Exploring the further adventures of Carmen and Juni Cortez, who have now joined the family spy business as Level 2 OSS agents. Their new mission is to save the world from a mad scientist living on a volcanic island populated by an imaginative menagerie of creatures. On this bizarre island, none of the Cortez's gadgets work and they must rely on their wits--and each other--to survive and save the day. Maniac Tales tells the story of Juan, a Mexican illegal immigrant in New York, who is offered a job as a doorman in an old building of the city. It turns out that the screenwriter of "Maniac Tales", a very popular TV series, lives in the building but has disappeared with the script of the last chapter of the season, and a reward is offered to whoever can find that script. Juan decides to look for it, and when he gets into the screenwriter's apartment he finds out that the TV series hides creepy secrets which are related to the building. A war-hardened Crusader and his Moorish commander mount an audacious revolt against the corrupt English crown. Trapped in their New York brownstone's panic room, a hidden chamber built as a sanctuary in the event of break-ins, newly divorced Meg Altman and her young daughter Sarah play a deadly game of cat-and-mouse with three intruders - Burnham, Raoul and Junior - during a brutal home invasion. But the room itself is the focal point because what the intruders really want is inside it. Austin's hottest DJ, Jungle Julia, sets out into the night to unwind with her two friends Shanna and Arlene. Covertly tracking their moves is Stuntman Mike, a scarred rebel leering from behind the wheel of his muscle car, revving just feet away. A council planning officer arrives to inspect new building work and claims to be able to see the ghosts of dead children. The petrified developer refuses to believe her until a startling discovery is made ... and all hell breaks lose. A detective, who is deeply grieving over the tragic loss of his wife and daughter, becomes determined to find the kidnapped daughter of the U.S. Ambassador, no matter what the cost. Cairo, 2011. A police officer investigates the murder of a woman in a luxurious hotel in the days leading up to the Egyptian revolution. In 2007, when NBA referee Tim Donaghy got caught betting on games he worked, he said two men associated with the Gambino crime family - a bookie named Baba Battista and a drug dealer named Tommy Martino - threatened to kill his family if he didn't give them gambling picks. That's what Donaghy told the FBI, that's what he told 60 Minutes, and that's what he testified in court. But that's not what really happened. That's not even close. INSIDE GAME is the untold true story of one of the biggest scandals in sports history. When a young woman is left scarred beyond recognition following an accident, she undergoes a radical untested stem-cell treatment. And while the procedure turns her into the belle of the ball, the experimental transformation comes at a price... Tanaka is going through a tough time trying to support his younger sister Mitsuko, recently arrested and hold up in jail. As an investigative reporter, he immerses himself into a story about a shocking murder case gone cold; a family was brutally murdered a year ago and the case remains unsolved. Haruta is handsome and smart, Chika is bright and naive. When they were children, they were friends until Haruta's family moved away while he was in the 3rd grade. They meet again during a high school entrance ceremony. After all of these years, Chika is eager to join the wind instrument club. Due to an incident, the wind instrument club is about to be disbanded. Chika can't give up the flute so she attracts Haruta to her side and tries to recruit members from the wind instrument club. The group attempts to solve various cases taking place at their school while they plan to take part in a contest. Four young people, one city. For love or ideal, with funny and faint bewilderment. An original improvisation in Chinese Cinema, a brand new rendering of city life. A fishing community on a remote Maine island finds itself suddenly cut off from the rest of the world after the ferry stops coming. When people start to vanish, the terrified survivors realize that someone - or something - is hunting them. There are worlds, there are humans and there are Others. But there is only one Time which is the border between worlds. What if time breaks down? Reminiscence based on true events and physics, telling the story of a couple that trying to experiment the unproved parallel time and black-hole theories. They traveled to a town called Cesme for their research. But what they will face is much beyond the human mind. Strewn on the alcohol and urine soaked tiles of a dingy public bathroom, a young man reflects on the prostitute who stole his heart in a series of surreal and nightmarish flashbacks. 'You're Not Thinking Straight' is a fiercely unique coming-of-age tale about what it means to be young, lonely and clamouring for love in a broken world. Energy-conservative high school student Houtarou Oreki ends up with more than he bargained for when he signs up for the Classics Club at his sister's behest--especially when he realizes how deep-rooted the club's history really is. Begrudgingly, Oreki is dragged into an investigation concerning the 45-year-old mystery that surrounds the club room.  Accompanied by his fellow club members, the knowledgeable Satoshi Fukube, the stern but benign Mayaka Ibara, and the ever-curious Eru Chitanda, Oreki must combat deadlines and lack of information with resourcefulness and hidden talent, in order to not only find the truth buried beneath the dust of works created years before them, but of other small side cases as well. Two strangers feel a supernatural connection after being involved in the same accident. A robin is shot so the woodland community holds a trial to investigate in this Silly Symphony. Five ambitious cousins set out on a family reunion during the dead of winter. The purpose of the retreat is to secure their inheritance, a fortune that dates back many generations. Upon their arrival, Uncle Melvin (Keith David) welcomes them with open arms, but warns them to respect their family traditions. During the weekend, as each of the cousins mysteriously disappear, they learn the truth about their family legacy, blood ancestry and the ultimate sacrifice they must make in exchange for their beloved inheritance. A woman's alter ego emerges after years of dormancy to exact revenge on her unsuspecting boyfriend and his mistress. Pin-up photographer, who doesn't want to get pinned down, comes up against a girl who won't take no for an answer. A high school swim champion with a troubled past enrolls in the U.S. Coast Guard's 'A' School, where legendary rescue swimmer, Ben Randall teaches him some hard lessons about loss, love, and self-sacrifice. After receiving a cryptic message, American skeptic Jamie travels to the Indian Himalayas to pick up on the trail of his disappeared girlfriend. There, he discovers a secretive community led by a guru with strange powers who may or may not be involved in her disappearance. As Jamie travels deeper down the rabbit hole, he quickly realizes he may have uncovered more than he bargained for, and that this mysterious mountain may contain the secrets of reincarnation - and a portal to another dimension. The dancer Xiaodie Shang arranged a dance "butterfly" for her lover who left five years ago, the dance made a good score, and she was invited by foreign cultural fund to Budapest to casting choreography. Xiaodie thinks the most promising dancer is Lu Bai although she is the most self-abased dancer. Lu Bai told Xiaodie that, she wants to use the butterfly cemetery to find her missing sister. Xiaodie also found that the fund's successor Qiushui Zhuang is her five years ago lover. However with the dancer You Song poisoning, Qiao Tian falls, Lu Bai missing, herself was threatened, all the mysteries are pointing to the butterfly cemetery. An isolated village affected by a curse is facing misery and it has been condemned to an undeniable fate. The uncompromising commune chief who has ruled the village for years has denied the request of his people to migrate to other lands in search of better luck. He took away their only lifeline: Hope. But one night, the prayers of a spiritual leader are heard by a mighty tree in the forest. The following day, a young mysterious woman appears on a nearby river shore. To the surprise of the villagers, the chief decides to give her a seven-day trial to see if she could be useful to the community. From that day on, a series of strange events began to happen, leaving the villagers to wonder whether if this strange woman is their savior or their executioner. Two introverted people find out by pure chance that they share the same dream every night. They are puzzled, incredulous, a bit frightened. As they hesitantly accept this strange coincidence, they try to recreate in broad daylight what happens in their dream. Marlo, a mother of three, including a newborn, is gifted a night nanny by her brother. Hesitant at first, she quickly forms a bond with the thoughtful, surprising, and sometimes challenging nanny named Tully. An unwavering lawyer battles against the lies and deception of a corrupt police department to expose the truth behind the suspicious death of a young man. A cop and his son have to put away their differences while undercover on a therapeutic trip. The beautiful yet naive Jasmine has second thoughts about her arranged marriage with the most eligible bachelor in town because she is secretly in love with the dog-loving math prodigy Fong. One night, she is attacked on her way home. She wakes up and finds herself trapped in a room and tied to a bed naked. She was raped but managed to escape, and this leads to murderous outcomes. After a tragic death, a family of three is forced to move to a desolated part of the country only to be haunted by mythical creatures. Travis Winslow is an honest man trapped in the middle of a drug war, deliberately placed in the crossfire by Shelby Collins, a woman as deadly as she is beautiful. After his brother Matt's death, no one knows the location of the last shipment of cocaine Matt smuggled into America. The cops think Travis has the answer, and so do the two rival crime lords. When Travis's daughter, Jennifer, is kidnapped, Travis realizes that he can rely on no one but himself. He races against the clock to find a way to rescue his daughter and save his own life, even if it means becoming as deadly as his enemies. Evan Birch, a family man and esteemed philosophy professor at a distinguished college, is the prime suspect when a female student goes missing. The teenagers of Disney's most infamous villains return to the Isle of the Lost to recruit a new batch of villainous offspring to join them at Auradon Prep. A couple spends the night burning their daughter's posessions Midnight Hair follows a young couple as they move to a mountain villa, where bizarre hauntings terrorize them day and night... While trying to find out the source of these paranormal activites, they discover that a dirty secret from their past is rapidly catching up to them. An orphaned waiter is forced to carry out dangerous missions for a powerful secret society in exchange for the truth about his past. Come Along, Do! is an 1898 British short silent comedy film, produced and directed by Robert W. Paul. The film was of 1 minute duration, but only 38 seconds has survived. The whole of the second shot is only available as film stills. The film features an elderly man at an art gallery who takes a great interest in a nude statue to the irritation of his wife. The film has cinematographic significance as the first example of film continuity. It was, according to Michael Brooke of BFI Screenonline, "one of the first films to feature more than one shot." In the first shot, an elderly couple is outside an art exhibition having lunch and then follow other people inside through the door. The second shot shows what they do inside. Follow the adventures of Belle, a bright young woman who finds herself in the castle of a prince who's been turned into a mysterious beast. With the help of the castle's enchanted staff, Belle soon learns the most important lesson of all -- that true beauty comes from within. When a famous writer (Huang Bo) decides to have his memories wiped to forget a divorce, he regrets it. Attempting to recover the memories, he becomes haunted by psychopathic thoughts, acting out in ways both he and those around him could never imagine.  A companion film to director Leste Chen's 2014 film The Great Hypnotist. After Zane Ziminski is found dead five people received envelopes with details of an alien invasion. This group of five includes 3 scientists, Zane's brother Jack, and a reporter. Quickly, the group is down to three and then Jack and Bridget, the reporter. With a small piece of alien technology, they must escape from the aliens, who take human form, and try to convince others that aliens exist. Packard Walsh and his motorized gang control and terrorize an Arizona desert town where they force drivers to drag-race so they can 'win' their vehicles. After Walsh beats the decent teenager Jamie Hankins to death after finding him with his girlfriend, a mysterious power creates Jake Kesey, an extremely cool motor-biker who has a car which is invincible. Jake befriends Jamie's girlfriend Keri Johnson, takes Jamie's sweet brother Bill under his wing and manages what Sheriff Loomis couldn't; eliminate Packard's criminal gang the hard way... A paedophile returns to his hometown after 12 years in prison and attempts to start a new life. A hooded vigilante is broadcasting murders on a news channel. Will the police catch him alive before he live-casts another death? Shivangi (Meera Chopra) lives in London with her husband Veer Singh. One day, he receives a gift from Rajasthan. From then, strange things happen with Veer and his condition deteriorates. A group of college friends reunite for a trip to the forest, but encounter a menacing presence in the woods that's stalking them. Rehaan and Shaina are newly married as Rehaan gets a job offer as a Venture Capitalist for the East European Finance Company they had actually fallen in love in Romania,Shaina insists Rehan to take up the job while Rehan is reluctant a she has a secret to hide in Romania,Shaina soon experiences paranormal activities but Rehan refuses to believe while on a business trip Rehan receives a frantic call from Shaina requesting for help as she is trapped in telephone booth in a rural area where she had gone to seek help on paranormal activities happening around her.Shaina and Rehaan take the help of a local Priest but he cant help them much,Aditya Shrivastava former lover of Shaina comes to rescue her from the evil spirit. A haunted theatre, filled with the vengeful spirits of a tragically-trapped performance troupe murdered in a fire 13 years ago, waits for the once-grand palatial playhouse to re-open with a new show - and bring in new victims. In a remote northern woodland community, a young First Nations mother and her 7-year-old son search for her boyfriend in the wake of his mysterious disappearance. Preceding her death a young woman relives her life in a mirror world, giving her the chance to fight her killer. HONG Gildong is an infallible private detective with an exceptional memory and quirky personality. While chasing the only target he failed to find, he gets entangled in a much bigger conspiracy than he bargained for. When a local park ranger warns a group of friends to stay out of the woods they can't resist. Soon they learn just how dark some secrets can be. An abused wife leaves her alcoholic husband and moves with her children to another town. There their lives become entwined with another family in trouble. David Callaway tries to piece together his life in the wake of his wife's suicide and has been left to raise his nine-year-old daughter, Emily on his own. David is at first amused to discover that Emily has created an imaginary friend named 'Charlie', but it isn't long before 'Charlie' develops a sinister and violent side, and as David struggles with his daughter's growing emotional problems, he comes to the frightening realisation that 'Charlie' isn't just a figment of Emily's imagination. As a rookie detective struggling to find acceptance in a police department defined by a culture of bullying and intolerance, things go from bad to worse when the chief suspect in a series of brutal ritualistic murders takes a personal interest in her. A game of cat and mouse ensues which sees Rebecca's grasp on reality beginning to spiral out of control, leading to a terrifying climax where she needs to fight for her sanity, her life and maybe even her soul. A serial killer is terrorizing a small college town. When a student begins to have psychic visions of the killer with clues as to who he is, he gives this information to the police - only to find that he himself is suspected of committing the murders. This is a Magical Realism movie about Anjali, her death and the baffling mystical circumstances that follows. Short by Roman Polanski shot for Prada. The story depicts the campus life of the 80s. Zacharia Pothen is a rich and spoiled senior student who is also ruthless and arrogant. He is always accompanied by his friends for whose happiness, Pothen can go to any extent. Pothen and his friends have a lot of fun and experience many exciting events in the course of their campus life. The film is a campus love story with a lot of comic sequences to enjoy the 80s campus life. Julia, an online vlogger from Germany, comes to the US to visit her cousin Hannah. Upon her arrival, Julia falls fatefully ill, prompting Hannah's suspicion of the strange and sudden illness. When unusual happenings start taking place in her home, Hannah begins a relentless internet search to discover the cause. She comes across Julia's vlog entries and finds herself immersed deep in the web - too deep - in a place where terror knows no end. In a small town in Massachusetts, four high school girls perform a ritual in an attempt to debunk the lore of Slender Man. When one of the girls goes mysteriously missing, they begin to suspect that she is, in fact, his latest victim. Three disabled men--one blind, one with no legs and one with no hands--get together to pull off a museum robbery Tiffany is hunting for answers after her sister died during an encounter with the mysterious woman in white. When she crosses paths with Adelaide, a young woman whose family seems to be targets of the same entity, she tries to keep the deadly history from repeating itself. A Manic depressive artist survives a suicidal fall only to be possessed by a murdered gangster, who uses the artist to seek vengeance on those that ended his life. It is a story of five young filmmakers who suddenly disappear while shooting in the woods near Drigh Lake Larakana in January 2014. A week later their camera was found containing details about what happened to them. The story of two sisters on a journey, where they try to get close to each other and approach the tough questions in life. Euphoria is a contemporary drama about responsibility and reconciliation, in a world where these concepts are gradually being lost. This film is made based on the real stories that took place at an abadoned house in Johor called Villa Nabila. Director Syafiq Yusof chooses to present the film in a documentary style. The film starts off with a disappearance of a teenager at the house. Syafiq interviews a few individuals who claim to have experience the supernatural at the house and turns the interview into a film. After her father dies, a young woman returns to her Yorkshire village for the first time in 15 years to claim the family farm she believes is hers. When Jacques d'Amboise took a group of dancers and members of his teaching staff to China, they worked with acclaimed dancer Dou Dou Huang and more than a hundred Chinese children. Their goal: to create a special performance using a variety of dance styles - including hip-hop, freestyle jazz and traditional Chinese folk dance - that would premiere at the Shanghai Grand Theatre in honor of the 2007 Shanghai Special Olympics World Games. Part of a month-long cultural exchange between d'Amboise's National Dance Institute and several Chinese troupes, featuring some of that country's most talented young dancers, the collaboration underscored the power of dance to transcend obstacles of culture and language. A single mom and her two boys help take care of their grandmother with mystical powers Directed by J. Stuart Blackton. In writer-director Nick Whitfield's black indie comedy, a pair of "exorcists" (Ed Gaughan and Andrew Buckley) with the power to rid people of their secrets agree to help a woman (Paprika Steen) whose daughter (Tuppence Middleton) is mute -- and whose husband is missing. Jason Isaacs co-stars as the mysterious Colonel, who seems to be calling the shots from the sidelines of the duo's shadowy enterprise. At the Queen's request, Ciel and the demon butler Sebastian host an extravagant dinner party for the who's who of the London underground. But an evening that begins with the promise of unmatched elegance quickly spirals into mayhem when their most distinguished guest is found murdered in his room. Now, trapped in the Phantomhive Manor by a dark and stormy night, Ciel and Sebastian must work together with their high-class guests, including the legendary author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, to find the murderer in their midst before the blame falls on the host and his somewhat suspicious staff. Dr. Steven Murphy is a renowned cardiovascular surgeon who presides over a spotless household with his wife and two children. Lurking at the margins of his idyllic suburban existence is Martin, a fatherless teen who insinuates himself into the doctor's life in gradually unsettling ways. Alice arrives unannounced at her estranged brother Ethan's house in an attempt to reconcile, but bizarre visions, the return of his strange girlfriend and Alice's paranoia and suspicion force the siblings to cling onto reality amidst mysterious circumstances. A young girl is playing on some waste ground when she finds a pencil with a face. Whatever she draws with the pencil becomes real. Just an ordinary day.  A blood-curdling motion picture about witchcraft, Satan's disciples, witches and warlocks to steal a beautiful maiden's soul. A getaway driver for a bank robbery realizes he has been double crossed and races to find out who betrayed him. When one of their own loses his wife and daughter at the hands of a serial killer, a team of ghost hunters is determined to capture the spirits of the loved ones so their spirits can finally rest in peace. But as the team goes deeper into the house, the ghosts become more hostile, and the group discovers the true secrets of the house and its murderer. Parapsychologist Elise Rainier and her team travel to Five Keys, NM, to investigate a man's claim of a haunting. Terror soon strikes when Rainier realizes that the house he lives in was her family's old home. A girl Sahar who is from a poor family of Tehran's suburbs is not coming back home one night. The mother goes to the police and informs about that. In that same day a body of a girl who is very look like Sahar is find. The parents are summon to recognize their girl's body but it turns out that it belongs to another girl. Major Saeed intervenes in the case and is after answers. The film's story revolves around an Indian Girl "Kashika" who stays in a Hotel, where she meets her Sister, who was never Born. When a cop who is just out of rehab takes the graveyard shift in a city hospital morgue, she faces a series of bizarre, violent events caused by an evil entity in one of the corpses. Based on 'Aadim Ripu', it is the first installment of a Byomkesh film trilogy directed by Anjan Dutt. Bomkesh Bakshi is a fictional detective character, created by Sharadindu Bandyopadhyay, a renowned author in Bengali literature. The story is based on the backdrop of pre-Independence period and post-World War II. An accountant embezzles $15 million of mob money, jumps bail and is chased by bounty hunters, the FBI, and the Mafia. California, Mojave Desert, 1998. A strange glow appears in the sky. Sam, a forty-something door-to-door salesman, travels through the few inhabited zones of the Californian desert in search of clients. A mysterious international crime organization makes a demand of 900 million yen from the Japanese government for the release of hostages. The group then targets a victory parade of a world sports game to commit indiscriminate terror. The 100-year history of a troubled American family. A traumatised veteran, unafraid of violence, tracks down missing girls for a living. When a job spins out of control, Joe's nightmares overtake him as a conspiracy is uncovered leading to what may be his death trip or his awakening. A psychiatrist involved in a radical new therapy comes under suspicion when his patients are murdered, each according to their individual phobias. Mike Kendall, a disgraced ex-cop, is fighting a losing battle with the bottle. When he finds a woman left for dead at the side of a road, Kendall turns private eye to track down her killers, taking one last shot at redemption. This short film by Walerian Borowczyk was made in 1979 but is so little known that when it was rediscovered in 2014 it had not been included in any of his filmographies. Of all Borowczyk's films, this is the one that most clearly shows his love of early cinema and pre-cinema, in this case Charles-Emile Reynaud's praxinoscope. A man returns to the Midwestern farm of his childhood on a desperate mission to unearth the horrifying truth of what landed there in the summer of 1960. The film celebrates the survival of the human spirit against overwhelming odds and highlights the need for underprivileged children's education. Its a film based on former indian president A.P.J. Abdul Kalam and is aimed at inspiring the poor to educate their children. Written by DaGambit Chhotu's peasant village is ruined by drought, so his ma drops the boy with uncle Bhati, who runs a tea stand at the city outskirts. Clever Chottu, who calls himself Kalam after the self-made Indian president, soon outsmarts uncle's adult assistant and makes friends with the loneliest boy in the palace, now a hotel, a prince his age. After an Air Force jet crashes in the Himalayas, an old shepherd leaves his herd  to find its pilot. But the mountain where the jet fell is sacred and the shepherd's  intentions are not. He struggles across dimensions of space and time as he treads on  forbidden ground. The herd left behind disintegrates as predators roam around, and  they are left headless After a massive shootout, a mysterious stranger (Van Damme) arrives at a local hospital on the brink of death. Then, a foreign gang brazenly comes to the hospital to hunt him down. His nurse, the sole surviving witness to the follow-up shootout, must face an FBI interrogation that unlocks a plot of international intrigue and revenge. With enough twists and turns, KILL'EM ALL will keep you guessing until the final bullet is fired. At a museum of Mexico City arrives a perfectly conservated mumie. It is a vampire who has died years ago and who returns to life in search of his lost love Angelique. But unfortunately for him the young woman has met a doctor and fallen in love with him who supplies her with the blood she needs to resist the vampire attacks. When loser Marvin Mange is involved in a horrible car accident, he's brought back to life by a deranged scientist as half man and half animal. His newfound powers are awesome -- but their adverse side effects could take over his life. Now, Marvin must fight to control his crazy primal urges around his new squeeze, Rianna, and his rival, Sgt. Sisk, who both think he's one cool cat. 10 strangers are summoned to a remote island and while they are waiting for the mysterious host to appear, a recording levels serious accusations at each of the guests, including Judge Francis J. Quinncannon and Dr. Edward G. Armstrong, and soon they start being murdered, one by one. As the survivors try to keep their wits, they reach a disturbing conclusion: one of them must be the killer. Summer is usually a time for fun and games, but some teens get much more danger than they bargained for after beginning to suspect their neighbor is a serial murderer. An up-and-coming journalist finds his world and faith increasingly challenged when he's granted the interview of a lifetime - with someone who claims to be God. This is the story between single mother housekeeper and mathematics professor,who has a brain damage. A love triangle where everybody is blackmailing the other two gets a nasty upset when one of them is suddenly found murdered. A rock star general bent on winning the "impossible" war in Afghanistan takes us inside the complex machinery of modern war. Inspired by the true story of General Stanley McChrystal. A young actress rehearsing for a play about human trafficking begins to relive terrifying scenes that may be dreams -- or an alternate reality. A film on cigarette smoking and health, designed to give young people a wholly new way of looking at cigarette smoking and its health hazards. A glass in free fall. Have you ever thought if it is possible to calculate into how many pieces it can break into? After numerous experiments, a team of researchers succeeds in doing just this apparently impossible task. Attracted to their experiment, a mysterious professor invites the scientists in his isolated mansion to know more about their studies. However, when they arrive, they are not greeted by their host but they are faced with a strange model of the mansion, in which some absolutely normal but incredible actions are acted. The researchers will soon understand to be involved in a new experiment in which they'll have to play a very different role than usual: that of the glass in free fall. Christo Roppolo claims to have been videotaping and communicating with UFOs around Monterey, CA for several years. He contacted filmmaker, Justin Gaar, in 2013 to begin creating a film about his sightings. Skeptical of the footage but intrigued by Christo's eccentricities and wild stories, Justin begins spending time with Christo hunting UFOs along California's beautiful central coast. When a crop circle appears in Monterey County and becomes international news, Christo is validated in his belief of alien contact and Justin, shocked, begins investigating the source of the crop circle and how Christo knows beyond a doubt that he's being contacted by his "brother's from space." Romero, a retired fisherman and a forgotten hero by the community, lives isolated in his home, surrounded by ghosts of the life he couldn't have, spirits that materialize before him as his real family. Alcoholic and schizophrenic, surviving on a daily basis. But deep down he feels the time has come to regain what he lost several decades ago, when he brought the oil curse to his own island, the lush Ciudad del Carmen. At the same time at the mysterious Estero Pargo, the goddess Ixchel has been reborn and seeks to mate with humans in order to continue the cycle of life. Henry Brogen, an aging assassin tries to get out of the business but finds himself in the ultimate battle: fighting his own clone who is 25 years younger than him and at the peak of his abilities. Right Right starts off with Ravi joining his duty as a bus conductor in a small village. Very quickly, he establishes a good rapport with the driver Seshu as well as the regular commuters. One fine day, when Seshu gets badly drunk during his duty, Ravi is forced to drive the bus back home. During the journey, Ravi hears a sudden sound in front of the bus and thinks he hit someone. He get's down to find a man under his bus, who is barely alive. It is the remake of Malayalam film Ordinary. Lonely widow Joyce rents out a room in her house and becomes dangerously obsessed with one of her guests. A young man still in love with his self-destructive ex agrees to join her on a trip to Cancun where he ends up meeting a local girl - forcing him question everything he wants in life. Two sisters find their already strained relationship challenged as a mysterious new planet threatens to collide with Earth. The thriller La Noche Del Jabali, the first feature film from writer and director Ramiro Tenorio, tells the story of Claudia Moratti, a romantic writer that travels to the ends of South America looking for the house of her recently deceased boyfriend. As she enters this southern world she finds herself involved in the investigation of a local policeman that points to her boyfriend, a horror writer himself, as the responsible of seven cases of disappeared women in the area. The violent history of the town and the dark memories of the military dictatorship come to surface as the characters involved reveal their true intentions. Teenage Zoe Tyler suffers from manic-depression. With a musician father who is never around life seems hard. Zoe eventually lands up in a psychiatric ward for treatment. There she meets Jake, an unstable teenager with an anger problem. They fall in love and are soon separated by their doctors, psychiatrists and parents. Fuming, Jake suddenly sees a chance for escape and takes Zoe with him, along with a few other patients. After a trip around the country, Jake and Zoe must face up to their illness and their crime. After murdering a man, the murderer and a friend set out to find the body and dispose of it. While at the same time Melissa, a mysterious young woman, sets out to discover herself and her boyfriend's past.  Private detective Kogoro (Kouta Kusano) receives a request from Naoko (Yuki Mamiya). She is the daughter of a family that runs a large hosital. Naoko wants private detective Kogoro to investigate her fiance Endo (Yasushi Fuchikami) and whether he is having an affair with university student Teruko (Noriko Kijima). LA homicide detective Gene Handsome's knack for solving mysteries is matched only by his inability to make sense of his own problems. Five archetypal teens serving detention find themselves in a life or death situation. 14th-century Franciscan monk William of Baskerville and his young novice arrive at a conference to find that several monks have been murdered under mysterious circumstances. To solve the crimes, William must rise up against the Church's authority and fight the shadowy conspiracy of monastery monks using only his intelligence - which is considerable. When a young nun at a cloistered abbey in Romania takes her own life, a priest with a haunted past and a novitiate on the threshold of her final vows are sent by the Vatican to investigate. Together they uncover the order's unholy secret. Risking not only their lives but their faith and their very souls, they confront a malevolent force in the form of the same demonic nun that first terrorized audiences in "The Conjuring 2" as the abbey becomes a horrific battleground between the living and the damned. Zack Mayo is an aloof, taciturn man who aspires to be a navy pilot. Once he arrives at training camp for his 13-week officer's course, Mayo runs afoul of abrasive, no-nonsense drill Sergeant Emil Foley. Mayo is an excellent cadet, but a little cold around the heart, so Foley rides him mercilessly, sensing that the young man would be prime officer material if he weren't so self-involved. Zack's affair with a working girl is likewise compromised by his unwillingness to give of himself. In 1944, an Allied spy must find and execute a Berlin scientist who discovered the way to build an atomic bomb. Things get complicated when memories of love and quantum mechanics get intertwined in the chase. Light years from Earth, 26 years after being abducted, Peter Quill finds himself the prime target of a manhunt after discovering an orb wanted by Ronan the Accuser. A Dutch couple, Martin and Margo Verfondern, move to a remote Spanish village of Santoalla to start a new life. There is conflict with the Spanish residents resulting in the disappearance of Martin.  The true story of the infamous prison break of Gary Tison and Randy Greenwalt from the Arizona State prison in Florence, in the summer of 1978. After a kidney transplant, Jake Warren experiences reoccurring nightmares he believes to be visions of his donor's violent murder, sending him on a dark path of vengeance, leading to an unbearable truth. New Russian experimental film, which combines fiction and documentary scenes in one continuous narration. The shooting of the film took place in Buryatia - a South-Eastern part of Russia that is considered the center of Buddhism in Russia. In the fictional story a Moscow actress comes to faraway Buryatia to find the man she once loved. She is terminally ill and Buryatia gives her a second chance, she does not believe in miracles, but miracle happens. The real actress Julia Aug, like her character, is also in Buryatia for the first time. The documentary, filmed during the shooting of the film, shows the real Julia's feelings and experiences while she discovers the unique atmosphere, nature and culture of Buryatia. A hack screenwriter writes a screenplay for a former silent film star who has faded into Hollywood obscurity. A man is slowly going blind and cannot afford the surgery to fix his eyes. When he witnesses a young woman's murder, the killers offer him a large sum of money to remain quiet. The Cleary brothers, Sam (John Cena), Leo (Ethan Embry) and Douglas (Boyd Holbrook) took dysfunctional families to a new level: Sam and Leo have grown up hating each other and neither likes their juvenile delinquent kid brother, Douglas, to whom they've only recently been introduced. The sons share the same father, a womanizing drunk, but all have different mothers. Their father died a rich man and when they're brought together by their sister Nina (Amy Smart) to learn which of them will inherit the old man`s fortune, they are handed an unpleasant surprise. A detective investigates her father's dying words; the name of a girl who has been missing for 9 years. Through a very surreal chase of spying and surveillance, Catafuse, a dubiously dressed "creature", hunts down specific human targets with the help of Molosstrap. But in a world completely run by the shadowy hands of the pharmaceutical industry, the lines of reality become so blurry and complex, that the mastering of insanity might just be the only way out... Shane Ryan presents the worlds first snuff anthology, with stomach- turning short films collected from over 20 filmmakers around the world, who all reach deep into the darkest cervices of their humanity to put on a gruesome and unforgettable show of depravity and pain. Some of the filmmakers contributing to this anthology refuse to be named, and some claim their entries are real. Now you can be the judge. During a space voyage, four scientists are altered by cosmic rays: Reed Richards gains the ability to stretch his body; Sue Storm can become invisible; Johnny Storm controls fire; and Ben Grimm is turned into a super-strong ... thing. Together, these "Fantastic Four" must now thwart the evil plans of Dr. Doom and save the world from certain destruction. A 300 years old Ghost, Debbas, believed to be a demon in the Eritrean Highlands, haunts a young artist, Aman, to write the truth about a feudal conspiracy that led to his murder. Walking with Dinosaurs 3D is a film depicting life-like 3D dinosaur characters set in photo-real landscapes that transports audiences to the prehistoric world as it existed 70 million years ago. The film is based on the 1999 documentary television miniseries Walking with Dinosaurs, produced by the BBC. Walking with Dinosaurs 3D is being produced by Evergreen Studios, the company that produced Happy Feet, and it is was released on October 11, 2013. The movie begins in the year 1995 where there were 5 peculiar murder cases. The murderer would always get someone close to the victim to witness how he would strangle the victim from behind with a rope but he would let the witnesses go and speak to the media on how the murders happened. Ito plays the role of Makimura, the police detective who was in charge of investigating the serial murders but failed to catch the cunning murderer and his respected superior ended up being killed as well. 22 years later in 2017 when the case is nearing its statute of limitations, a man named Sonezaki claims to be the culprit for the 1995 murders and even publishes a book titled "Watashi ga satsujinhan desu" to talk about the cases. Despite the disgust towards Sonezaki's actions, the intensive attention showered on him via the media and SNS makes him become the talk of town. A man becomes the superintendent of a large New York City apartment building where people mysteriously go missing. Dante travels across a desolate, futuristic Spain in search of his girlfriend, Ula. He is pursued by a bloodthirsty, cybernetic Rottweiler. A young man and his three younger siblings are plagued by a sinister presence in the sprawling manor in which they live. The dazzling new film from Bhutanese lama and filmmaker Khyentse Norbu (The Cup, Travellers and Magicians) chronicles a sacred jungle ritual whose masked, anonymous participants seek after complete self-knowledge -- or descend into thievery, violation, and murder. Ezra, jeune ex-soldat Sierra-Leonais, essaie tant bien que mal de retrouver des reperes pour revenir a une vie normale apres la guerre civile qui a ravage son pays. Son quotidien est partage entre un centre de rehabilitation psychologique et un tribunal de reconciliation nationale organise sous l'egide de l'ONU. Durant le proces en rehabilitation auquel Ezra participe, il doit affronter sa soeur qui l'accuse du meurtre de leurs parents. Ezra, qui a traverse cette violente guerre civile completement drogue et alcoolise, ne se souvient de rien. Ezra reconnaitra-t-il l'horreur et par ce fait, permettra-t-il a sa soeur et a sa communaute villageoise d'acceder au pardon ? Synesthesia examines what can happen when we depend on our digital devices too much. When Leslie puts more faith in the smartphone she never puts down than her marriage, she must decide who to trust with deadly consequences. No overview found. The details of undercover police officers are deleted from a police database and a senior officer is left struggling to know who are the undercover officers and who are the criminals. One film made by 15 directors, Each one, after seeing the last minute of the previous one. The story line is about three friends. Depending on their nature they have pet names. 'Chaku' (knife) has is own garage, 'Pustak' (book) is a professor and 'Makad' ( monkey) is working for a news channel. 'Chaku' loves a girl. To introduce his lady love 'Pencil' to his friends, 'Chaku' invites her to his house. When she comes home, even Chaku's friend 'Pustak' falls in love with her. How this leads to hilarious situation which creates tension between 'Pustak' and 'Chaku' is shown beautifully by the writer. Three high school seniors throw a party to make a name for themselves. As the night progresses, things spiral out of control as word of the party spreads. A kind nurse finds herself embroiled in a tense and potentially deadly family affair when she falls for the son of her ruthless new husband. A pharmaceutical sales rep visits a small town in Louisiana on business. He finds himself in a dark world of corruption and murder with 24 hours to live, running from the police, the mob and a sheriff that wants him dead. Helen Brindel is trapped in a violent marriage and the prison of her faith when she falls in love with a scholar, Professor Eduard Gluck. But he's a secret porn addict. Slowly, carefully, two very different individuals get to know each other. When college freshman Ranae agrees to babysit for a family with a tragic past, her run-of-the-mill Saturday night quickly turns into a confrontation with unspeakable horror. Stalked by a sinister presence and haunted by ghosts from her own past, Ranae and her friends must confront an angry, evil spirit determined to hunt them down one-by-one on a deliberate march toward its ultimate prey in THE NURSERY A corrupt Police Officer is forced to reopen the unsolved case of Lottery Scam and he gets caught up in an unexpected situation. A rapper finds himself possessed by the soul of a dead fashion designer; frequently switching personalities. When a soldier's son reveals damning information about a local gangster's missing daughter, a war of attrition wreaks havoc on their forgotten coal mining town. Da Zhi is a doorman at a luxury hotel. He uses his vacation in exchange of a presidential suite at the hotel to satisfy his wife's wish. However, the manager gives the presidential suite to a celebrity and breaks the deal with him. He tries to ask bargain with the movie star, but strange things happen during his dealing, and a conspiracy begins. Pretty Sasha finds herself in a whirlpool of intrigue and criminal games after her lover, a talented painter, is murdered. Chased on one side by brutal criminals who don't leave witnesses, and on the other by the cops who consider her the #1 suspect, Sasha is forced to act alone to solve the mystery of her lover's death and keep herself alive and free at the same time.  Gradually she unravels the tangle of mysteries and deceptions, only to learn that her lover was forging paintings which had been sold for millions of dollars, and no-one  really is who they say they are. The Return of Sherlock Holmes was the first sound film to feature Sherlock Holmes. Years after failing to catch Little Red Riding Hood, the obsessed Wolf tries again. A teachers assistant, trapped in a small town with a strange illness, takes on a local missing persons case aided by a Pale Man down the hall. The murder of a young girl brings together the three central characters that develop an inexplicable bond with the victim, and amongst them. Consequences beyond their expectations await them. Hari is a young, aspiring writer living in the countryside. Hari lives with his mother in their sylvan surroundings. His only excitement, perhaps, is the sight of the doctor's young wife, filling him with hope of an opportunity for flirting. Sometimes, he visits Peter Sir, an old retired school teacher and widower. The two lonely men take pleasure in a curious game, over drinks and exotic dishes. They cut out obituary notices from a local newspaper, put them in a bowl and randomly pick them out, one at a time. They stake small amounts of money against each pick. The person who picks the older victim of death becomes the winner, and pockets the sum. From among the pictures they pick, Peter Sir recognizes two men, Shaji and Kuriakose, whose deaths tell entirely different tales--one of a murder and the other of love. When a young boy turns up dead in a sleepy Pennsylvania town, a local sanitation truck driver, Donald, plays detective, embarking on a precarious and obsessive investigation to prove the boy was murdered. When a neurotic private eye who struggles to finish the case takes a train voyage, his own dark secrets begin to reveal themselves. When a group of college students take part in a clinical drug trial, an unexpected side effect of the experimental medicine gives them terrifying visions of their own deaths...which begin to come true. As they scramble to escape their fate, they discover that the killer is among them and shares their ability to see the future - only he seems to be one step ahead of their efforts to survive. A paranormal investigator travels to the South to research a series of deaths connected to a supernatural curse haunting an old Louisiana family. A struggling Gujarati businessman ventures into the world of China where he gets a brilliant business idea that could change his life forever. As the Earth's average temperature rises each year, experts warn that we are nearing a fatal tipping point, 2 degrees Celsius above the norm, that will set into motion a cascade of natural disasters that will devastate America and the world. From raging fires to epic superstorms, volcanic blasts and rising seas, will human existence be pushed to the brink? Journey inside White House history to unveil fascinating truths behind secrets known only to the President. In Shirleyville, Vermont, during the sixties, sisters Merricat and Constance, along with their ailing uncle Julian, confined to a wheelchair, live isolated in a big mansion located on the hill overlooking the town, tormented by the memories of a family tragedy occurred six years ago. The arrival of cousin Charles will threaten the fragile equilibrium of their minds, haunted by madness, fear and superstition. An anthology horror film featuring three stories involving demons, cannibals, psychopaths and demigods all intertwined, taking place in the final 31 days of earth. When star high school athlete Eric needs help with his school work, Emily convinces Eric's mother Carol, that she is perfect tutor for her son but she has other reasons to that stem beyond helping him with his homework. Honeycrisp tells the story of Hannah and Greta Lawton - two estranged sisters with a turbulent past who meet up to clean out their suddenly deceased parents cabin and repair - or end - their relationship. When Lene seeks out her estranged husband in hope of reconciliation she finds him in bed with a new lover. Shocked, she flees the scene and embarks on a journey through the night that takes her on an existential rollercoaster ride of dreamlike encounters and into some very dark places. A divorced mother looks to protect her daughter after an unexpected tragedy. Tearing himself away from the bedside of his coma-bound wife, a police Sergeant investigates a series of age-related murders, only to discover that time can be far more destructive and cruel than the idealistic killer........ An audio-visual journey through the mind of Terence McKenna. Story of a mentally ill young man attempting to come to grips with his haunting past by seeking solace and understanding in the unfamiliar Eastern culture of Thailand. Elder Mamani's father has died, and it looks as if young Elder couldn't care less, even though he has no one to take care of him now. He goes to live with his grandmother in the outskirts of the mining city, Huanuni, where Francisco, his godfather, gives him a job at the mine. But it doesn't take long for Elder, who cares more about getting high and wandering through dangerous alleys at night, to mess it up. But he soon finds out about a dark secret regarding Francisco's involvement in his father's death... Karla Marks mysteriously vanishes while conducting a paranormal investigation with her husband. A year after her disappearance, a group of paranormal investigators attempt to uncover the truth about her disappearance. In the mid-nineteenth century, in a small Venezuelan village, Father Giovanni and a clerk write the story of a supernatural case that they have witnessed, is the story of a mysterious specter, which the people of the town have baptized as "El Silbon". In the current age, we know a family made up of Gabriel and Mayra, Ana's parents. Gabriel suspects that his daughter is possessed by the devil since she is trying to kill him. Gabriel asks the priest of his parish for advice, which is the same one Father Giovanni wrote about the Silbon over a hundred years ago. A man against capital punishment is accused of murdering a fellow activist and is sent to death row. A man fights for his sanity when he finds himself trapped on a rural farm inhabited by sinister beings overseen by a mysterious caretaker. Jill Danvers is trying to put her life back together after her divorce. But someone is watching her; following her every move... Jack Irish has no shortage of friends, but family members are few and far between. His wife was murdered by an ex-client and his father is a fading photo on the pubs football wall of fame. So when Des Connors, the last link to his dad, calls to ask for help in the matter of a missing son, Jack is more than happy to lend a hand. But sometimes prodigal sons go missing for a reason... As Jack begins to dig, he discovers that Gary Connors was a man with something to hide, and his friends are people with yet darker and even more deadly secrets. This is a drama set in Nazi-occupied France at the height of World War II. Charlotte Gray tells the compelling story of a young Scottish woman working with the French Resistance in the hope of rescuing her lover, a missing RAF pilot. Based on the best-selling novel by Sebastian Faulks. A drama about love, secrets, and acceptance Blood Type: Unknown follows wannabe novelist Caitlyn Landale on her journey to embracing her dreams. Wondering if life is not as exciting or magical as her stories, her views are forever altered when she meets the bitter-viewed Adam Godfrey. But when her feelings for the mysterious Adam Godfrey grow unconditionally strong she soon finds herself captured in a four centuries old secret that she never expected. Hyunjin, a test taker, moves into an old apartment. There are strange sounds from next door where a strange boy named Hyunggu lives. One day, Hyunggu and his mother are cruelly murdered. A Star Trek music video synchronized to Ke$ha's 2009 number-one single "Tik Tok". The satellite has vanished and the only clue is a trail leading to a small village nestled on the outskirts of forest line. As the team begins to investigate they quickly discover that something else came back from space, something not of this world. As their time runs out, the team must battle to unlock the terrifying truth behind the ill-fated mission. After an unexpected death in the family, a mother and son struggle to find spiritual healing at a beachfront summer home. In the remote Bhutan, an undercover detective investigates the case of a missing Buddhist nun and falls into a risky alliance with his only suspect, an alluring young woman known as the village "demoness". The Summit is a 2012 documentary film about the 2008 K2 disaster directed by Nick Ryan. It combines documentary footage with dramatized recreations of the events of the 2008 K2 disaster. On the way to and from the summit, eleven climbers died during a short time span creating one of the worst catastophes in climbing history. Much of the documentary footage was captured by Swedish mountaineer Fredrik Strang. Strang was planning to do a Documentary which was aborted due to the fact that he did not reach the summit. The footage was still valuable to help solving what really did happen since all the climbers had different stories about what happened. In the Fabulous Thirties, Doc Savage and his five Amazing Adventurers are sucked into the mystery of Doc's father disappearing in the wilds of South America. The maniacal Captain Seas tries to thwart them at every turn as they travel to the country of Hidalgo to investigate Doc's father's death and uncover a vast horde of Incan gold. A pastor of a small church in upstate New York starts to spiral out of control after a soul-shaking encounter with an unstable environmental activist and his pregnant wife. A naive electrician falls in love with the youngest daughter of a family with seven girls. After the death of his wife, Jong-Sub (Kang Shin Sung Il) raised his son alone. He lost his son in a car accident. Since the death of his son, Jong-Sub lived all alone. He retired from his job as a principle. Jong-Sub is then diagnosed with colon cancer and learns he has only 6 months left to live. All his desire to live is gone, but he still wants to keep his dignity. Jong-Sub tries to hire a caregiver. A woman named Yeon-Hwa (Bae Seul-Ki) comes to him. She is beautiful, but looks sad. Watching Yeon-Hwa, Jong-Sub sees his dead wife. He is shaken by her and wants to live more with her. Jong-Sub realizes he loves her and faces a truth he can't believe. Set in an academy for daughters of the rich and powerful, this murder mystery involves six girls with a dark secret. Literature club chairman Itsumi Shiraishi, has fallen to her death from the school roof. Rumours soon circulate that one of the members of the literature club is the culprit. New chairman and friend of the victim, Sayuri Sumikawa, holds a meeting and asks each member to recount their whereabouts at the time of Itsumi's death. Who is telling a lie and what really happened to Itsumi? When Jay and Annie first got together, their romantic connection was intense - but ten years and two kids later, the flame of their love needs a spark.  To kick things up a notch, they decide - why not? - to make a video of themselves trying out every position in The Joy of Sex in one marathon three-hour session.  It seems like a great idea - until they discover that their most private video is no longer private.  With their reputations on the line, they know they're just one click away from being laid bare to the world... but as their race to reclaim their video leads to a night they'll never forget, they'll find that their video will expose even more than they bargained for. Driven by tragedy, billionaire Bruce Wayne dedicates his life to uncovering and defeating the corruption that plagues his home, Gotham City.  Unable to work within the system, he instead creates a new identity, a symbol of fear for the criminal underworld - The Batman. In the town of Sakurada, where about half of the residents have special abilities, Kei Asai (Shuhei Nomura) is a high school student and is able to remember everything. Misora Haruki (Yuina Kuroshima) is also a high school student and she has the power to reset the world by 3 days. If they use both of their powers together, they can go back in time by 3 days and retain their memory. They are watched by the administrative bureau. A coroner who works in a morgue loses his daily routine when no body arrives at the hospital, after that he is seen in his work week waiting for the arrival of a corpse. A film school student is trying to create his first movie, but cannot find the money for it, until some guys from a mystery website he visited appear on his door and offer it to him. Soon after arriving to a mysterious cabin in the woods, a group of teens discover the dark secret it holds, which forces them to fight for their lives. A psycho- sexual thriller following a couple that buys an old motel in the desert looking for a new beginning, but what seemed at first as an escape is soon a thrilling ride through a mysterious world when Ray discovers a two way mirror and witnesses a horrifying murder. In a twisted game of cat and mouse, Ray must race to save his wife and himself from a gruesome secret connected to the motel and the strange people who visit there. A rancher, his clairvoyant wife and their family face turbulent years in South America. Wayward Canadian, Matthew, crushed by the isolation of being new to Berlin, turns his sexual desires toward Matthias that spiral into a dark fixation of assumed identity. Soon, this obsessive power struggle between the two, careens toward brutal passion and violence in a bid for dominance. Four young women travel to their college professor's new country home for a weekend getaway, only to discover that the house has a malevolent past. George Banks is an ordinary, middle-class man whose 21 year-old daughter Annie has decided to marry a man from an upper-class family, but George can't think of what life would be like without his daughter. He becomes slightly insane, but his wife tries to make him happy for Annie, but when the wedding takes place at their home and a foreign wedding planner takes over the ceremony. Ravi gets a call from Father Anthony saying that his missing wife is with him in the Church.But when he meets her claims that she is not his wife. Alice Howland, happily married with three grown children, is a renowned linguistics professor who starts to forget words. When she receives a devastating diagnosis, Alice and her family find their bonds tested. A fan tries to get an artist's attention by literally coming apart. An ordinary day in Sikkim mountains. A chain of incidents. Four people. A cold town. Monique, a high class escort, has always been able to give her clients exactly what they want, while clean cut Thomas has always been exactly what everyone has expected. But tonight Thomas' curiosity is going to get the better of him while demanding of Monique the one thing she's reluctant to offer. Honesty, costs more. A brother and sister become consumed with investigating a mysterious woman they suspect has stolen their winning lottery ticket, endangering their summer party plans. Madeline has become an integral part of a prestigious physical theater troupe. When the workshop's ambitious director pushes the teenager to weave her rich interior world and troubled history with her mother into their collective art, the lines between performance and reality begin to blur. The resulting battle between imagination and appropriation rips out of the rehearsal space and through all three women's lives. The Doctor finally faces his destiny as both his home planet and old foe reappears. A documentary following US, Peter Brook's experimental play about the moral issues surrounding the Vietnam War, Benefit of the Doubt is the only known film record of the Royal Shakespeare Company production. It was filmed by Peter Whitehead concurrently with his Tonite Let's All Make Love in London (1967), on the surface a very different film, yet both share a central concern with the war, protest and Britain's political and cultural relationship with America. On the eve of their biggest gig ever, the members of synth-rock band Starfoxy throw a rager that ends with a fan mysteriously dead in the pool. Pregnant out of wedlock, an educated young woman is pressured by her father into an arranged marriage with a lonely farmer in this drama set during WWII. Three morticians get caught in a web of greed and deceit, involving buried treasure and a tangled love affair, in this modern day crime mystery that is based on a true story. Four humble ladyboys working in the rubber tree forests at night, in the rice fields during the day, looking for a way to survive, exist and have the others accept them with their difference. A seemingly traditional journey of a young sheikh in a governmental mosque who moves from leading prayers to becoming a TV celebrity issuing "fatwas" that are accepted by millions who have become fans of his as a result of his courage and his attempts to deviate from the usual religious rhetoric in a society heavily influenced by fundamentalism. From Behind the scenes that exposes religion and authority struggle - Mawlana is a movie that defy boundaries. Sara, the daughter of Oliver and Julia suddenly disappears. Days pass by without any news about the girl. But one morning, the family receives a letter from someone who claims to have retained Sara and wants to talk with them that night. The execution of 200 Greek resistance fighters by the German occupiers on May 1st, 1944 in Kaisariani, as reprisal for the Greek Resistance ambush against Nazis. A farm girl mistakenly shoots and kills an endangered Philippine Eagle. When authorities begin a manhunt to track down the eagle's killer, they stumble upon an even more horrific discovery. One snowy night, in a mountain hut, Minokichi, a hunter, sees a snow woman killing his mentor Mosaku. "Should you tell anyone, I will take your life" she says, then drifts off. A year later, Minokichi meets and marries a beauty named Yuki. She bears him a daughter, Ume. 14 years pass and Ume blossoms into a radiant lady who befriends the sickly Mikio, the village leader's son and Mosaku's distant relative. Mikio soon dies in the same hut as Mosaku, with his body showing the same frostbite scars. Minokichi is reminded of that horrid night, and wonders what it was that he saw, and who Yuki really is. When a suburban slacker has a reckless encounter with a mysterious woman, his life begins to unravel in horrific fashion. His friends and family believe he's losing his mind, but he's convinced something far more sinister is taking place. A married couple suspect that the 'smart apartments' in their high tech residence are being used by its owner for sinister reasons. When therapist Dr. Leonard Stern discovers he has six weeks to live, he adopts a fresh method of treatment: brutal honesty. Poltergeist Encounters An enthralling &amp; action-packed comedy-thriller, full of blistering excitement. Two romantically-engaged corporate spies team up to manipulate a corporate race to corner the market on a medical innovation that will reap huge profits and enable them to lead an extravagant lifestyle together. David Huggins, a 72 year-old New Jersey man, claims to have had a lifetime of encounters with otherworldly beings--including an interspecies romance with an extra-terrestrial woman (who he lost his virginity to). He's chronicled it all in his surreal impressionist paintings. Are his experiences dreams, hallucinations, or could they be reality? Segundo has just 60 seconds to shuck as many oysters as he can! Inspired by turn of the century actuality films made by cinema's early pioneers, we attempt a contemporary version with a high-speed 35mm camera. After his young son dies from the negligence at a hospital, Harry Fertig takes matters into his own hands and kills the doctors responsible. Slick lawyer Roy Bleakie, looking only to win a case and not caring of the matters involved, is assigned Fertig's case. Shocked to hear that his client wants to plead guilty, the case causes Bleakie to question his own morals by defending an honorable man. City playboy Denis surpasses customer's car and stops in the deserted village for emergency repair of the machine. But it turns out that to leave this place, every stranger has to pay his price to the local warlock. Even more frightening is the price for the main character, who falls in love with the warlock's daughter. Henry Kesdi is a silenced classical composer and a survivor of the Holocaust. He is coaxed out from retirement by an inspired musicologist, Stefan, who convinces him to compose a complex symphony on his neglected piano. As a help Kesdi gets his new musical secretary. His loyal wife reluctantly accepts her as his young lover. After the human race has been wiped out, Del lives in an empty town, content in his solitude and the utopia he has methodically created for himself, until he meets young Grace, who wants to stay with him. A psychological romantic drama about teenage twins Owen and Kristen who fall under the sway of a charismatic young loan shark who offers love to one of them but on one condition. A squadron of North Korean soldiers during the Korean war must scramble across dangerous terrain to cut off an American attack (with only the eponymous 12 hours in which to do it). With a commander whose health is failing him, a group of young but fiercely patriotic soldiers the DPRK army manage to hold off the Yanks (who foolishly informed the press of their planned attack before going through with it). When a terrorist attack hits Sydney releasing a highly contagious virus into the population, Detective Leyla Nassar (Ash Ricardo) must race across the city and find the culprits while the Deputy Premier Pamela Laird (Zoe Carides) battles power hungry politicians eager to use the catastrophe for their own nefarious means. A man returns home to Atlanta to help and turn around his family's struggling restaurant with the help of a new chicken recipe. A Hong Kong version of the 1978 American film Same Time, Next Year, I Will Wait For You stars the winning screen pair of Anita Yuen and Tony Leung Ka Fai. So Yau Shing (Tony Leung Ka Fai) is a married salesman who meets the spirited and lovely Cheung Wai Sum (Anita Yuen) two weeks before she's due to be married. But love can't be denied, no matter the circumstance. The two fall passionately into bed, but the reality of their lives won't allow for everlasting happiness. They agree to meet at the same place and at the same time every year to consummate their love...but can they - and their initially unaware spouses - handle the long term love affair? Though Rachel is a successful attorney and a loyal, generous friend, she is still single. After one drink too many at her 30th-birthday celebration, Rachel unexpectedly falls into bed with her longtime crush, Dex -- who happens to be engaged to her best friend, Darcy. Ramifications of the liaison threaten to destroy the women's lifelong friendship, while Ethan, Rachel's confidant, harbors a potentially explosive secret of his own. Set against the backdrop of the infamous Theatre Grand Guignol the story revolves around iconic actress Paula Maxa - the most famous of the Grand Guignol's leading ladies and the titular Most Assassinated Woman, who was graphically slain on stage multiple times a day. A mother of two inherits a home from her aunt. On the first night in the new home she is confronted with murderous intruders and fights for her daughters' lives. Sixteen years later the daughters reunite at the house, and that is when things get strange . . . An ex-cop is temporarily blinded when he steals cash from a money laundering operations. While recuperating in Mexico, the thief falls in love with a beautiful woman who has underworld connections. When the girl disappears, he returns to the United States to find her, risking death from the gangster At a certain park, there is a mysterious man, who has red eyes and a black suit, that people can go to and request him to kill someone. His assassinations can never be blamed on him because he takes no illegal action. His strength is in the power of suggestion and the arrangement of events. He accepts these requests, all the while privately mocking the foolishness of those whose unwise wishes he grants. Kaveh Nariman is a Doctor in the medical examiner's office. One day at his work he meets a corpse which is very familiar to him. A South American composer travels to India to search for the truth behind a poetic vision, written to him by a female painter and his mysterious journey to discover the source of his music inspiration. A once-abused woman devotes herself to ridding victims of their domestic abusers while hunting down the one she must kill to be truly free. Washington, D.C. psychologist Carol Bennell and her colleague Dr. Ben Driscoll are the only two people on Earth who are aware of an epidemic running rampant through the city. They discover an alien virus aboard a crashed space shuttle that transforms anyone who comes into contact with it into unfeeling drones while they sleep. Carol realizes her son holds the key to stopping the spread of the plague and she races to find him before it is too late. Ajin is a live-action adaptation of a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Gamon Sakurai. Kei Nagai dies in a car accident, but realises he is a type of immortal known as Ajin (demi-human). Hunted by humans, Ajin is eventually found by the government and used as a subject in cruel experiments. He finds fellow demi-humans along the way as he escapes and goes on the run. In the 1940s, Muggles clashed in a violent world war, but in the world of wizards a much greater threat, hidden in the shadows since its birth, is about to sow fear and death. From the London shallows to the Ministry of Magic, no one knows the name of the evil that rages in the shadows. Elyana Ogden, recently certified auror, is entrusted with an investigation into strange series of murders. She does not suspect that her path will lead her to meet the most dangerous dark lord of all time. This is a concert film filmed on the 1996 "Welcome to the Freak Show" tour in support of their 1995 album "Jesus Freak." College student Beca knows she does not want to be part of a clique, but that's exactly where she finds herself after arriving at her new school. Thrust in among mean gals, nice gals and just plain weird gals, Beca finds that the only thing they have in common is how well they sing together. She takes the women of the group out of their comfort zone of traditional arrangements and into a world of amazing harmonic combinations in a fight to the top of college music competitions. The story of William Vincent as he recounts the eccentric and curious path that has brought him, at mortal risk, to New York City, after four years in exile, to rescue a woman he scarcely knows, Ann, from the vague crime syndicate that first brought them together. Set in a rustic English village in the mid 19th century, Under The Greenwood Tree tells the story of a poor young man who falls for a middle-class schoolteacher and attempts to win her over. When troubled 12-year-old Jacob Felsen is sent away to boarding school, he enters every kid's worst nightmare: a creepy old mansion, deserted except for six other teenage misfits and two menacing and mysterious teachers. As events become increasingly horrific, Jacob must conquer his fears to find the strength to survive. On a remote Irish farm, five people become unwilling participants in an experiment that goes nightmarishly wrong. Preparing for a national competition, a group of paintball players camp on an island. The island, however, holds secrets which will make them realize that their skills serve for more than a game, they serve to not be eliminated. A group attending a sex party wake up naked in the snow. In the nearby cabin they find a dead girl and a message: In order to survive, they must decide who is responsible for the girl's death and murder that person accordingly. Three cousins and their best friend leave for a road trip, hoping for one final hurrah before one of them gets married. Their path crosses with that of two girls who are on a getaway of their own. Their plans are derailed after a suspicious death. Who was the killer and why forms the plot. When his only friend dies, a man born with dwarfism moves to rural New Jersey to live a life of solitude, only to meet a chatty hot dog vendor and a woman dealing with her own personal loss. A struggling novelist moves his wife and young son to an old country home, but when a presence begins to communicate with his son, the family must escape an evil that threatens to doom them to the house for eternity. Shadiya Akbar IPS, a renowned police officer, addresses a group of trainees by narrating a memorable instance from her career. The episode and the characters of the case offer her a valuable lesson in a current case, that extends beyond the litigation. The people of Rwanda attempt to reconcile after the genocide through an open process of admission and forgiveness. A picture-perfect family is torn apart after Tyler finds a cache of disturbing images in his father's possession. He begins to suspect that the man he trusts most in the world may be responsible for the murder of 13 girls ten years prior. In 1947, those aspiring to be priest are sent to a remote convent to live in seclusion on the last day of their training. The purpose is to shield them from evil of the world. The plot thickens when a mysterious young girl comes to the convent but the question is whether she is really sent by God or by the Evil. In the misty town of Manali, ACP Ashwini Dixit attempts to solve a series of mysterious murders happening in a single night, which might be connected to the night club, Vodka Diaries. A man disabled by Agent Orange dares to dream. Japanese sixties comedy featuring a cunning female jewel thief named Black Lizard who tries to kidnap Sanaye, a wealthy jeweler's beautiful daughter as part of a plot to steal the jeweler's expensive "Star of Egypt" diamond. To thwart the planned kidnapping, the jeweler hires Japan's number one detective, the brilliant Akechi. This sets off a dual between Black Lizard and Akechi as each tries to outwit the other. In the process, the two adversaries develop a mutual respect and affection for each other. Despite Akechi's efforts, Black Lizard and her crew are able to kidnap Sanaye and gain possession of the "Star of Egypt". Black Lizard takes Sanaye to her secret lair on a remote island which is populated by an eerie collection of naked human dolls. There Black Lizard plans to preserve Sanaye's beauty forever by turning her into one of her dolls. As Sanaye's doom quickly approaches, it is up to Akechi to save the day. A student travels with her boyfriend to Chiloe, remote Patagonia island in southern Chile, to investigate the link that exists between the high number of sexual related crimes and the myths 'n' legends that surround this mysterious place.  Ryosuke has a bright future. He just opened a successful restaurant and hopes to tie the knot soon with his alluring girlfriend. But then his father declares he has pancreatic cancer and his betrothed vanishes without a trace. In his father's belongings, he discovers a secret diary, which starts with an ominous sentence: "Without remorse, I take a life ..." Ryosuke is completely spellbound and reads on, discovering that the document is actually the confession of a murderer. Agron and Marjeta are happily engaged until in a trial presided by Agron, two people accused of theft reveal facts that implicate Marjeta's father. Agron is torn between love and duty. A college student, who sees a UFO, uses his exceptional math skills to investigate the sighting with his friends while the FBI follows closely behind. An award-winning performer trio and a sophisticated story characterize the thrilling TV thriller "The Missing Woman". From the naive betrayed to the tough revenge angel Corinna Harfouch turns into the lead role. At her side, Ulrich Matthes silently plays a professional killer, who does not look at the cards. Never laying an excuse, is the Dortmund crime scene commissar Jorg Hartmann in the role of a shameless swindler. Because all three want to cash in on the life insurance, begins a game of fraud and extortion, in which also the red light milieu interferes. The story follows a down-on-their-luck couple who discovers a serial killer's film reels. They decide to take the law into their own hands, risking everything for the chance at a $100,000 reward. It isn't long until they find themselves in the killer's lethal cross-hairs. Long Night in a Dead City is a dark coming of age tale written by celebrated playwright Lenny Schwartz and directed by award-winning filmmaker Richard Griffin. When new parents Alex and Penny retreat from the city and move into a place outside town, the stress and massive sleep-deprivation caused by their infant has both of them seeing things in the house that may or may not exist. Persistent sightings of a strange woman has each of them wondering if they are suffering from hallucinations, or if their new home holds a dark, supernatural presence. As their fragile grasp on reality spirals into delirium, Alex and Penny find themselves nearly helpless to deal with the horrific truth of what is really going in this house. TV Movie directed by Gary Yates. Claire is hosting her best friend's wedding. Guests arrive, old family conflicts resurface and the night before the wedding, the Groom goes missing. Only Claire knows of Danny's disappearance and she is determined to find him and bring him back before her best friend finds out. Two teenage girls travel across the U.S. in 1962, during the chaos of the Cuban missile crisis, in search of Eleanor Roosevelt. The final night's work approaches for the staff of an insane asylum. A minimal crew of security and researchers remain to ensure the patients behave as expected before their transfers to a maximum security prison. Struggling with memories of abandonment, Dr. Helen Kingford finds herself on the brink of quitting her job as a psychologist. Following his forced retirement, the hospital's head of security decides on a destabilizing course of action leading to chaos and destruction within the asylum. In the confusion, all of the dangerous patients escape their padded cells. Confused, Dr. Kingford awakens finding herself tied up in the hospital morgue. Not knowing who to trust, she finds herself running from everyone in an attempt to survive. Two rival seamen fight for both a promotion to a captaincy in their shipping line and the attentions of a Havana saloon singer.  Sparks fly as they both try to out do each other in obtaining what they know their opposite is after.  In the end they will need to work together in order to save the day. A unique relationship between two women that transcends time and space. In the prehistoric past, Keda, a young and inexperienced hunter, struggles to return home after being separated from his tribe when bison hunting goes awry. On his way back he will find an unexpected ally. A young author comes into possession of a manuscript sent by critically acclaimed writer, Germund Rein, shortly before he commits suicide. Set in a blighted, inner-city neighbourhood of London, Breaking and Entering examines an affair which unfolds between a successful British landscape architect and Amira, a Bosnian woman - the mother of a troubled teen son - who was widowed by the war in Bosnia and Herzegovina. Haunting Love tells the story of a famous radio host Xiao Xiao seven days before marriage, because seeing writer fiance Li MingXuan and former girlfriend Xu JiaWen on a clandestine love affair, Xiao Xiao commit suicide but fortunately she was rescued but Li MingXuan died falling from the building... Double Feluda is a Bengali language crime thriller Detective film, based on the Bengali sleuth Feluda, created by the acclaimed and renowned Oscar- winning director Satyajit Ray. Directed by his son Sandip Ray, the film marks the comeback of both Sabyasachi Chakraborty and Saheb Bhattacharya, with the former returning to the eponymous role of Feluda and the latter playing his sidekick. This is a sequel of Royal Bengal Rahashya (2011). The film released on 16 December 2016 to mark the 50th anniversary of the iconic creation. A black-and-white, stylistic film-noir focusing on a detective trying to solve the strange murder of a young girl. 16 is an edge of the seat thriller that shows Deepak a retired Cop after Five years down the line, he is forced to revisit all the events leading to an accident! The shadows of screams climb beyond the hills.  It has happened before. But this will be the last time.  The last few sense it, withdrawing deep into the forest.  They cry out into the black, as the shadows pass away, into the ground. A malicious business partner, Mr. Fissehaye plots to remove his partner Amanual. Fissehaye sees an opportunity through his new employee Tigisti, an orphans and desperately in need of a job. The plot takes an unexpected twist when Zablon, the son of Mr Fissehaye complicates the plan. "Those that set in motion the forces of evil cannot always control them afterwards." A young woman at life's crossroads is granted mystic visions of how her decisions will affect her future life. In the 21st Century, a small town in Northern China. There are rich mineral resources in endless mountains. The owners make great fortune and step into the higher class. They change everything with money, but bring disasters to mountain farmers. They are unconscious of darks and dangers until a shepherd boy disappears one day... A ghost named Maya becomes the common link between Arjun, an artist in London, and Sharmila, a single mom and struggling actress from Bengaluru. Byomkesh Bakshi, a detective, is hired to find the arms left by the American soldiers after World War II. However, his search makes him discover a bigger conspiracy which he must anyhow solve. First feature film directed by Diogo Morgado. On March 25th, 2014, Dream Theater performed at the Boston Opera House with very special guests from the Berklee College of Music orchestra and choir. Filmed and directed by Pierre and Francois Lamoureux, and mixed and mastered by Richard Chycki.  AREA:98 is about a small government agency that investigate strange occurrences in the Pacific Northwest.  One of the team members, Elias Walters, once witnessed his partner disappear before him. Years later he is brought into a unique discovery that opens many questions. Elias and the AREA:98 team are on a path of discovery. Shigemori is a lawyer tasked with defending Misumi in a murder trial. Misumi has previous convictions for murder and has confessed to the crime, but evidence in the case leads to Shigemori having doubts about what really happened. When Dr. Henry Jones Sr. suddenly goes missing while pursuing the Holy Grail, eminent archaeologist Indiana must team up with Marcus Brody, Sallah and Elsa Schneider to follow in his father's footsteps and stop the Nazis from recovering the power of eternal life. Escaping death, a Hebrew infant is raised in a royal household to become a prince. Upon discovery of his true heritage, Moses embarks on a personal quest to reclaim his destiny as the leader and liberator of the Hebrew people.  A police detective and his partner make some unusual discoveries about the nature of time and space. Dora, a girl who has spent most of her life exploring the jungle with her parents, now must navigate her most dangerous adventure yet: high school. Always the explorer, Dora quickly finds herself leading Boots (her best friend, a monkey), Diego, and a rag tag group of teens on an adventure to save her parents and solve the impossible mystery behind a lost Inca civilization. In 1946, to prevent the Chinese civil war, Zhou Enlai who represented the Communists held a talk with the Chinese Nationalist Party, and George C. Marshall, who represented the Americans at Plum Village in Nanjing.  A lost notebook stirred the already turbulent peace talk. The ripples alert the three sides and a battle of spy and anti-spy began. Many historical figures like Zhou Enlai, George Marshall, Chiang Kai-shek, Soong May-ling, He Yingqing, Chen Cheng, and Hu Zongnan are depicted in the movie. Other fictional persona such as the ace agent Xiong Huiquan, the female journalist, and a secret spy who belongs to the Confidential Bureau adds tension to the critical moment. Two brothers return to the cult they fled from years ago to discover that the group's beliefs may be more sane than they once thought. Ten girls get a mysterious invitation to stay in a dream boarding school. The secluded school was built by Gus Budiman to provide a second chance for those who have a dark past.  Sissy, a model, came with her friend, Inong, who keeps their own problems. Butet has drugs problem. Sri comes with a prostitution scandal. While Rini who is looked innocent, gets pregnant out of wedlock. There are also other names with their own problems. Including Eni, a young policewoman, intelligent and ambitious, who is investigating the murder case at the Crystal Hotel and gets clues that the suspects are in the dream school. A woman is in shock at the loss of her baby after being ferociously beaten by her husband. Clementina's trauma causes her to see ghosts. Presented in a "5-D" cinematic environment utilizing a contemporary form of Pepper's ghost--a 19th-century phantasmagoric device--and a range of sensory effects (scents, vibrations, etc.), Imponderable is an immersive feature-length film inspired by Oursler's own archive of ephemera relating to stage magic, spirit photography, pseudoscience, telekinesis, and other manifestations of the paranormal. Two single parents - male and female - along with their kids have to involuntarily share a house for their holidays. A spiritual search for answers leads the filmmaker to a California workshop run by a guru who promotes sexual adventure -- and the existence of aliens. When the beautiful Leonor arrives at the architecture studio Borla y Asociados looking for Nelson Jara, both Mario Borla and his partner Marta Hovart and Pablo Simo, the building's oldest architect, claim to ignore that name completely. But they all lie. The truth begins to unravel through the memories of Pablo Simo. Pablo should carry out the unpleasant job of dealing with Nelson Jara, an indignant owner of the building adjoining a work of the studio, damaged by a crack in the wall of his living room caused by an error in the construction. But the fear and nervousness that provokes in the three involved the arrival of Leonor and her question "what happened to Nelson Jara?" Show something much darker and more suspicious. (FILMAFFINITY)  Music Writer Limin was on a road trip in Malaysia. He came across an old mansion and decided to stay to write his unfinished song.  Limin became acquainted to the writer Cow who was living in the mansion. By chance he rescued Tai and Dai, a couple who loved photography. The four had a lot of strange and humorous encounters in the mansion, and had even attracted the attention of the landlord as well as the mysterious Lung Poh and Xiaodie. Xiaodie was murdered 30 years ago. They were touched by her story and decided to help her solve the murder. They asked the help from private investigator Chiyuen but he refused. So they decided to investigate for new clues themselves and surprisingly found ... Jimmie Fails dreams of reclaiming the Victorian home his grandfather built in the heart of San Francisco. Joined on his quest by his best friend Mont, Jimmie searches for belonging in a rapidly changing city that seems to have left them behind. Follow the adventures of Belle, a bright young woman who finds herself in the castle of a prince who's been turned into a mysterious beast. With the help of the castle's enchanted staff, Belle soon learns the most important lesson of all -- that true beauty comes from within. The story revolves around Ah Ying, a young girl who was kidnapped and declared missing for over a decade. She suddenly returns to her family after 12 years, and older sister Ning Jing soon discovers that something is wrong with Ah Ying. It turns out Ah Ying has been carrying out crimes on the orders of her abductor, and Ning Jing employs the help of friendly police officer to unravel her younger sister's conspiracy. For three years after being forced from office, Nixon remained silent. But in summer 1977, the steely, cunning former commander-in-chief agreed to sit for one all-inclusive interview to confront the questions of his time in office and the Watergate scandal that ended his presidency. Nixon surprised everyone in selecting Frost as his televised confessor, intending to easily outfox the breezy British showman and secure a place in the hearts and minds of Americans. Likewise, Frost's team harboured doubts about their boss's ability to hold his own. But as the cameras rolled, a charged battle of wits resulted. Samantha has lived her whole life in different foster homes. Now living in a small town, she never feels like she quite fits in, even with her own current foster family who might adopt her, or the boy who follows her around doing her classwork. So, it's perhaps natural that she doesn't know what to do with a curious tagalong little sister named Olivia. One day, Sam callously ditches Olivia, who wanders off into the woods on her own and disappears. A mysterious bomb blast in a business tycoon's factory prompts the state CM to hire an NIA officer. He meets an ex-army man seeking revenge for his dead daughter and a journalist demanding justice for her slain boyfriend. Nothing is what it seems. The film raises contemporary ecological issue with lot of thrill. A team of satellite technicians enter the woods to repair a communication station but they are forced to rescue the crew of an airplane that crashed near a lake. They quickly realise that something may be coming from the lake that is affecting their minds and the passing of time. As they lose their inhibitions their most primal desires take hold. Lured on by the unseen entity it seems that only one of the team is permitted to bond with it and so be reborn in a new physical body. A terrifying game of strategy not to survive, but rather to die with the promise of life anew. A strange nobleman returning after years abroad to a small Bohemian village in the beginning of 19th century. The nobleman feels closer to animals despite looking like a human. Lila, a famous retired singer, loses her memory after suffering an accident, just as she planned her return to the stage. A run in at a roadside bar between a repressed boy and a curious girl leads to an exploration of their darker impulses. An unstable young woman pines for the ex boyfriend who nearly beat her to death - and who has mysteriously disappeared - in this gripping tale of lust, devotion and redemption. The blood-soaked tale of a Norse warrior's battle against the great and murderous troll, Grendel. Heads will roll. Out of allegiance to the King Hrothgar, the much respected Lord of the Danes, Beowulf leads a troop of warriors across the sea to rid a village of the marauding monster. Alice and Max work at night for a big import-export company. During one of their shifts, while watching CCTV recordings, they notice an alarming shadow walking through the hallway. Fascinated by the unknown they decide to investigate. Their search leads them to Antonio Solimas, an exorcists who warns the two about the presence of many objects that belonged to a witch. Burned alive 300 years ago. With his wife's disappearance having become the focus of an intense media circus, a man sees the spotlight turned on him when it's suspected that he may not be innocent. In January 1978, after their success in England, the punk rock band Sex Pistols venture out on their tour of the southern United States. Temperamental bassist Sid Vicious is forced by his band mates and their manager to travel without his troubled girlfriend, Nancy Spungen, who will meet him in New York only after a traumatic event. When the band breaks up and Sid begins his solo career in a hostile city, the turbulent couple definitely falls into the depths of drug addiction and co-dependency, a last journey with no return. Reeling after her latest novel flops, best-selling crime writer Robin Richards (Andrea Winter) is sent by her publisher to the Swedish countryside to regain inspiration. There alone, she indeed comes across an assortment of peculiar characters, including her driver and most obsessive fan, his explosively jealous wife, and the progressively more unhinged man who owns the farm that's hosting her. Totally out of place in her new surroundings--for one, she is always dressed for glamorous, big-city life--Robin discovers just how dangerous these oddballs may be. The unpredictable debut feature by Patrick von Barkenberg (who also appears as Robin's boyfriend) is bathed in dreamy atmospherics and streaked with offbeat humor, but remains grounded throughout by Winter, who holds your attention rapt. A group of animals waiting for the annual flood they rely on for food and water discover that the humans, who have been destroying their habitats have built a dam for a leisure resort. The animals endeavour to save the delta and send a message to the humans not to interfere with nature. Ray Breslin manages an elite team of security specialists trained in the art of breaking people out of the world's most impenetrable prisons. When his most trusted operative, Shu Ren, is kidnapped and disappears inside the most elaborate prison ever built, Ray must track him down with the help of some of his former friends. In this twisted love story, a man seeks out an unsuspecting stranger to help him purge the dark torments of his past. His plan goes awry when he encounters a woman with plans of her own. A girl with extraordinary powers goes to a psychiatrist for a solution. A criminal gradually integrates himself into a broken household by methodically asserting control over a teenage girl and her lonely mother. Ethan is a young, shy and rather reserved designer who has suffered from insomnia for many years due to his terrible nightmares. Believing he has a personality disorder he decides to see a therapist to solve his problem, but it will be thanks to the help of his best friend and a medium that he will face a long journey, a journey that will lead him to discover that his nightmares hide a shocking truth, something darker and more sinister than he ever imagined. A drama about a group of criminals who are targeting rich and successful... Based on the horror game Ao Oni by noprops.  Five members of the cultural anthropology club at an old western-style school are trying to come up with ideas for their presentation at the school's culture festival, when they find a collection of folk tales gathered by a student in their club 40 years ago. They realize that the mysterious Bellflower Oni that appears in the folk tales may be the basis for the popular free game Ao Oni, and decide to make that their theme. They manage to make contact with the author of the Ao Oni game, but he dies mysteriously soon afterward. The club members become suspicious at the author's death and began to investigate on their own, but encounter a secret they never should have touched: a secret underground prison in the school.  For some reason all the fire doors at the school are locked, and they are trapped in the school. The sound of the strange footsteps they hear soon turn to their screams...A new tragedy of the Ao Oni is about to begin. Its Halloween 1989, best friends Sam and Josh are trying to enjoy what's left of their final Devil's Night before graduating high school. But trouble arises when the two pals and a group of friends take a detour on their way to a rock concert, finding an old abandoned barn and awakening the evil inside. Now it's up to Sam and Josh to find a way to protect their friends and defeat the creatures that lurk within "The Barn".  The blood-soaked tale of a Norse warrior's battle against the great and murderous troll, Grendel. Heads will roll. Out of allegiance to the King Hrothgar, the much respected Lord of the Danes, Beowulf leads a troop of warriors across the sea to rid a village of the marauding monster. In a lake high in the mountains of New Zealand hunter Gibbie Gibson discovers a plane wreck from WW2. When he tells it around, a gang of crooks follows and threatens him and his daughter, because they know there are 50 million dollars in the wreck. Helicopter pilot Barney helps Gibbie against them, risking his life thereby. The Squealer is a 1930 American crime film directed by Harry Joe Brown and starring Jack Holt, Dorothy Revier and Davey Lee. 20 years after three teenagers disappeared in the wake of mysterious lights appearing above Phoenix, Arizona, unseen footage from that night has been discovered, chronicling the final hours of their fateful expedition. Catherine and Blake just tied the knot. Samuel and Catherine have a long and intimate history which is significant to the fact that Samuel and Blake are best friends. When Samuel decides not to attend their wedding under some pretense that no one believes, he invites the newlyweds to Nadi Vineyards for a week-long party in paradise to make up for his absence. Records spin, wine flows, and bottles pile up. What unfolds over the course of this week will rearrange the geometry of Samuel, Catherine, and Blake's relationships and test the boundaries of their complicated, revolving love for one another.  A young woman's life takes a series of unexpected turns after she leaves the Buddhist temple where she has lived most of her adult life. Three film students from California travel to Utah to seek out the phenomenal forest creature known as Bigfoot. A wave of hidden insanity and mysterious murders started to surge as a group of scientists has discovered that light is a kind of sound and decided to broadcast a sound of the Sun via towers around the world.  The modern movement in skiing is progressing more than ever, and it is hard to keep up with the stream. Field Productions has gathered skiers with all different backgrounds, but they all share the same vision about skiing. Yes, skiing is about taking risks to invent new tricks and styles, but most importantly to have fun. "Eyes Wide Open dvd" gives you both. The movie includes top notch skiing in deep powder, big mountains, city streets and terrain parks featuring many of the most talented athletes out there. Look out for many unseen rail combos by Tom Wallisch and Even Sigstad, bottomless powder at Mica Heli with Asmund Thorsen and Eric Hjorleifson, epic park heli shoots on the most beatiful places in Norway, JT Holmes and Eirk Finseth charging Lake Tahoe, Norwegian invasion in Montafon Austria, Jon Olsson shows why he is the best park kickers, and much more. Some parts of the movie is filmed with the RED One camera, which gives ski movies a whole new meaning. Danielle makes a deadly discovery when she inherits a house from her grandmother. Something mysterious from the past is lurking deep within the shadows. Laura has spent years looking for her sister Sara who went missing in the depths of the jungle in the Congo. Neither the NGO she works for, nor the embassy, have news on her whereabouts until a photo appears of Sara in a mining town. Apparently, Sara is being held captive by The Hawk, the fearsome rebel leader who controls the mafias behind the prized mineral coltan. Based on the best selling book by Nik Ripken, The Insanity of God is the personal and lifelong journey of an ordinary couple from rural Kentucky who thought they were going on just your ordinary missionary pilgrimage, but discovered it would be anything but. After spending over six hard years doing relief work in Somalia, and experiencing life where it looked like God had turned away completely and He was clueless about the tragedies of life, the couple had a crisis of faith and left Africa asking God, "Does the gospel work anywhere when it is really a hard place? It sure didn't work in Somalia. After the death of his wife, Marno, an impulsive man prone to violent outbursts, plunges into a morbid quest to transplant the soul of her dead wife into the body of a younger woman. Joseph and Maria are married for six months and Maria still has never had an orgasm with her husband. They begin to visit mysterious doctor Baltazar who teaches them how to reach ecstasy in sex. Sun from Chicago (USA) and Lucas from Mallorca (Spain) meet each other in a students's flat in Barcelona. They fall in love and try to enjoy it without thinking of their separation at the term's ending. Will their love prevail? Edith Walks is a 60 minute 66 second feature film inspired by a walk from Waltham Abbey in Essex via Battle Abbey to St Leonards-on-Sea in East Sussex. The film documents a pilgrimage in memory of Edith Swan Neck. The 108 mile journey, as the crow flies, allows the audience to reflect upon all things Edith. A conversation in Northampton between Alan Moore, Iain Sinclair and Edith Swan Neck is also a key element to the unfolding 'story'. With images shot using digital super 8 iPhone's and sound recorded using a specially constructed music box with a boom microphone the film unfolds chronologically but in a completely unpredictable way. The numerous encounters and impromptu performances en route are proof, as if needed, that the angels of happenstance were to looking down upon the troop, with EDITH as their hallucination  The story of the dysfunctional Tounsia family where Zakia, the matriarch of the family loves her son Selim to the point of enslaving the rest of the family. And the rest of the family just want one thing, and that is for Selim to get married and be out of their lives forever. Marriages are made in heaven! Though the road to heaven might be a little "tedha'. Meet 'Manu', a seedha saadha Doctor from London. Intelligent, temperate and from a respectable family, The perfect groom which every parent wants for their daughter. 'Family pressure' leads him to Kanpur to meet Tanu the quintessential small town girl who has studied in Delhi. Tanu is a smart, intelligent girl who will do everything that her parents will disapprove. With a mind of her own and a love for rebellion, Tanu is dead against an arranged marriage. But destiny holds something totally different for these dramatically diverse personalities. Their paths keep crossing time and again and weaves this wonderful story through the Indian heartland. Awoken by screams in the night, young Evelyn Whipley is found drenched in blood and mysteriously bound to the bed - A Gothic Horror set in the 1940s, a psychosexual thriller disguised as traditional Ghost Story. Lake Tahoe, 1969. Seven strangers, each one with a secret to bury, meet at El Royale, a decadent motel with a dark past. In the course of a fateful night, everyone will have one last shot at redemption. This work is directed by Yolikojun's original script. Misaki Morino challenged the role of a new landscape of the main character A child and each personality derived from inside of himself, three roles with different character. A human pattern that comes into view as complicated and tricky drama, mainly A child, develops. And sex and life, or death beyond that. UN agents Mike Graham and Sabrina Carver are sent by their director Nick Caldwell to investigate the theft of Rembrandt's painting, "The Night Watch". The trail takes them from Amsterdam to Hong Kong and involves them in not only art theft and forgery, but the high-tech schemes of Martin Schraeder and his Korean cohort Mao Yixin Alpha Delta Zatan is set entirely within the claustrophobic confines of a frat house, the film follows the increased paranoia between members of a fraternity as they start to disappear at the hands of a masked killer. Two contract killers are hired by competing cartels to hunt down an elusive drug scientist. The scientist escapes, leading to a globetrotting chase and fight for survival. A film maker travels to explore an abandoned secluded youth home "Pohjola Manor" located in Northern Finland surrounded by ghost stories. A retiring detective tries to discover the identity of a half charred woman found in front of a District Attorney's boat who is pursuing a child serial killer.  In Nightscape, an emotionally guarded drifter, Kat (Galesh), crosses paths with a phantom car responsible for a wave of supernatural violence. The drifter must learn to trust again if she is to end a lifetime of bad luck and help her new found companions survive the growing chaos and carnage. When a small-town girl is diagnosed with a rare, deadly disease, an ambitious newspaper man turns her into a national heroine. Alone Together is a comedy featuring two young comics, Esther, a girl from the Midwest, and Benji, a brat from Beverly Hills, who find common ground in their troubled love lives and being generally intolerable. It's Ugly Betty meets Curb Your Enthusiasm. Life could not be better for best friends Neal and Isaac. They just graduated college and landed their dream job with a top investment bank. But when they discover their boss is planning a crooked student loan deal, their lives are thrown into turmoil. Determined to stop the corrupt plan, they concoct a crazy scheme of sex, drugs and espionage resulting in a wildly chaotic adventure. In 1944, in the Belgian - German border, seven German soldiers survive an American attack in the front and lock themselves in a bunker to protect the position. Under siege by the enemy and with little ammunition, they decide to explore underground tunnels to seek supplies and find an escape route. While in the tunnel, weird things happen with the group. Saalai (The Road), the story of one man's inner struggle, a Psychological Thriller based on an Idea driven by strange encounters, shot in -30degC FREEZING COLD and DANGEROUS landscape presented for the first ever time in Tamil Cinema. Alby, who is married to the girl he loves, Sara, against the will of both their families. While the couple leads a romantic life in a residential complex in Kochi, Alby, who is a passionate and hardworking filmmaker, begins to face financial liabilities. Being stressed, he soon gets involved in a thoughtless act and finds himself in an unpredictable situation. Alby's life then begins to go beyond his control. Hollywood, 1927: As silent movie star George Valentin wonders if the arrival of talking pictures will cause him to fade into oblivion, he sparks with Peppy Miller, a young dancer set for a big break. Hollywood, 1927: As silent movie star George Valentin wonders if the arrival of talking pictures will cause him to fade into oblivion, he sparks with Peppy Miller, a young dancer set for a big break. An environmental analyst is asked by the police to determine if two deaths by hydrogen sulfide poisoning are an accident - or a murder. But when he meets a young woman at both sites, a scientific mystery begins.  A woman recounts her story of being confined to live as the mistress of an an influential gangster. Sony Pictures Entertainment and The Walt Disney Company jointly announced that Marvel Studios and its President Kevin Feige will produce the third film in the "Spider-Man: Homecoming" series, starring Tom Holland. The film is scheduled to release on July 16, 2021. Morris Mishkin is a elderly religious Jew in New York. His wife Fanny is very ill. He's a tailor, but he can't work because his back has given out. He doesn't even have enough money for Fanny's medicine. Finally, a black fellow appears from nowhere in the Mishkin kitchen. He says he's an angel from God, sent to help Mishkin. The black angel is even Jewish, named Alex Levine? But will Morris believe in the angel? And can the angel perform the miracle that he promises?  Written by Martin Lewison A college student who will do just about anything for Internet fame is kidnapped by a fan, and her reluctant roommate is the only one who can save her. In the teeming, multicultural metropolis of modern-day London, a seemingly straightforward missing-person case launches a down-at-heel private eye into a dangerous world of religious fanaticism and political intrigue. A police constable becomes the prime suspect in the murder of a woman. With the mysterious killer intent on making him the scapegoat, can he clear his name? Yukari Kawahara (Masami Nagasawa) works at a drink manufacturer. She works hard and achieves recognition for her work. Yukari Kawahara is dating research doctor Kippei Koide (Issei Takahashi). They have lived together for 5 years. One day, Kippei Koide collapses from a brain hemorrhage. Yukari Kawahara soon learns that everything she knew about her boyfriend was a lie. She hires private detective Takumi Kaibara (Kotaro Yoshida) to investigate Kippei Koide. The interpretation of the Alfred Hitchcock classic Vertigo, pieced together using footage from old films and television shows shot in and around the San Francisco area. A dog finds the meaning of his own existence through the lives of the humans he meets.  Caged tells the story of a teenage newlywed, who is sent to prison for being an accessory to a robbery. Her experiences while incarcerated, along with the killing of her husband, change her from a very frightened young girl into a hardened convict. A film crew travels to Queretaro City to investigate the possible murder of a High School student, Lydia Torres. She had a very popular video blog channel in Youtube in which she claimed to be turning into a vampire. Seen-it-all New York detective Frank Keller is unsettled - he has done twenty years on the force and could retire, and he hasn't come to terms with his wife leaving him for a colleague. Joining up with an officer from another part of town to investigate a series of murders linked by the lonely hearts columns he finds he is getting seriously and possibly dangerously involved with Helen, one of the main suspects. Students on a camping trip discover something sinister is lurking beyond the trees. Escalating climate change is turning the world economy upside down. With crops dying and food price spiking, FOOD has replaced oil as the world's most valuable commodity.  Among the very few lands still left fertile, Indonesia is quickly rising as the next economic superpower, when its government is suddenly and ruthlessly overtaken by a popular rogue political party.  In just three days, six former Marines must work together, find their long-lost brotherhood, stop a nationwide government- sanctioned genocide, and save millions of lives, for one last shot at redemption. Or die trying. Cary, Shep, Bill, and Francis are pilots during World War I. The four friends, haunted by the devastation of the war, head to Paris instead of home, where they meet Nikki, an eccentric and wealthy young woman. Nikki is drawn to Cary, and the five friends, tagged by the boorish reporter, Frink, drink their way from Paris to Lisbon. Few of these members of the "Lost Generation" make it out of their travels intact. A single mother and her daughter are forced to stop by a black car on the way home. When they regain consciousness, they are in a Karst cave with seven strangers. The game is to find out a killer among the nine. A group of young men try to interpret their friends art, so they can save face and show support. The Queen is an intimate behind the scenes glimpse at the interaction between HM Elizabeth II and Prime Minister Tony Blair during their struggle, following the death of Diana, to reach a compromise between what was a private tragedy for the Royal family and the public's demand for an overt display of mourning. Faces pass by in - initially-quickly edited, split-screen recordings. A 'Structuralist' inspired film in which the film material itself plays an important role. Grain, scratches and flickering give the film texture. The music is by Steve Reich. If you had the power to grant dignity in a desolate world - but it meant sacrificing yourself - would you? The Comet follows 20-year-old Gustav and his search to find his father who mysteriously disappeared 12 years ago when a comet passed close to earth. A teen must resort to extreme measures to protect her family from a supernatural entity. The inside story of Alexander Litvinenko's murder in London and the subsequent international manhunt that led to the Kremlin, told in full for the first time, with exclusive access to key individuals. A fragile young man suffers a mental breakdown following the mysterious robbery of his apartment and, at the behest of his doting mother, finds himself the unwanted houseguest of his estranged sister. A young boy ventures into the forest in search of mysterious creatures that eat sheep, in this delightfully creepy Scandinavian Gothic fable from Jonas Matzow Gulbrandsen. In this hilarious Indian tale of comedy and intrigue, an eclectic group of claimants turns up -- and pulls out all the stops -- to prove that they're the rightful heirs to an estate worth a fortune. But which one of them is the bona fide legatee to the property? Mukesh Rawal, Naresh Shah, Dinyar Contractor, Anjana Desai, Sachi Joshi and Suresh Jairam head the cast. 8:30 follows an unsuspecting door-to-door salesman, who finds himself stranded in a desert-like suburb as his train returns to the same train station over and over again in what seems to be an infinite loop. Kuttan PIllai has decided to spend his Sivarathri (night of the Lord Shiva) with some good time with his family, only to be hampered by the news that some guests will be arriving that day. After 25 years of imprisonment for familicide, a mother comes back home where her son disappeared. A clever king of Joseon and his brilliant chronicler hunt for the truth behind a crime that threatens the throne and the stability of the country. A journey into the dark visions of a small coastal town. Memories of the inhabitants or memories created by the place itself. A man investigates a memory of places and people. The evidence drifts deeper and deeper into an unforgivable jungle; he might not be the true owner of his memories, his thoughts may not be of his own, it may not even be his body. (IMDb) In many ways the plot is a primary ingredient in this Shanghai film about the tragedy of a life misspent in hiding the truth due to noble, if misguided, intentions. The story begins with two married Chinese medical students who are studying abroad in the 1950s, only to have their relationship torn apart when the wife is deported to Mongolia for some unwise political views she expressed. She leaves, and rather than tell her husband that she has discovered she is pregnant, she gets a divorce and gives birth to a baby girl. Two decades later, the mother is rehabilitated, and the daughter is grown up and has become a professional dancer. Her mother comes to one of her performances, at which the daughter falls and injures her foot - an injury that adds to the mother's personal tragedy when the daughter is treated by a doctor who is actually her father. Early short film by director Michael Reeves, where two young men break into a house and terrorise the woman who ives there. Ram is a photographer and nature lover who travels all around India capturing moments. On a chance visit to his hometown Tanjavur, he goes into his school and begins to walk down memory lane to 1994 when he was a student harboring feelings for his classmate Janu. She, leader of a religious sect, leads a group of people. All live together in a claustrophobic place. The arrival of a mysterious character changes everything. An American artist's obsession with a disturbing urban legend leads her to an investigation of the story's origins at the crumbling estate of a reclusive painter in Ireland. After the international success with Fotbollens sista proletarer Carl Pontus Hjorthen and Martin Jonsson are back with a new story about Gothenburg. This time it is about the artists in Gothenburg in the beginning of the 20th century. As the real estate market is in a downward spiral, beautiful young realtor Lauren Baker gets the listing of a lifetime: a mansion on Chicago's exclusive Gold Coast has fallen into her lap and she is able to quickly find a cash buyer for the brother and sister who are selling their parents' estate. When the vendors turn out to be imposters and the real owners turn up murdered, Lauren realizes that she has fallen victim to a scam as well as a cover up to a murder. Lauren is determined to find out who deceived her and why. A pair of embroidered shoes, hidden a death curse, anyone who passed through the embroidered shoes were accidentally killed, no one was spared. An Wen (He Yixuan) was seriously ill and got rid of her husband Pan Hang (Hui Can) and the doctor's care, and fled back to her hometown. An Wen found a pair of embroidered shoes that were circulated and succumbed to death in the old house. The embroidered shoes were worn on her feet, and the death curse on the embroidered shoes was accidentally opened. The curse takes effect and the soul is screaming. The shadows in the old house are everywhere. The evil spirits that can't be riddled go hand in hand, forcing An Wen, who is on the verge of collapse, to make crazy moves and fall into a crisis of sorrow.. A series of mysterious murders happened in a haunted barber house. Was it really supernatural forces or was it actually people behind the murders? Young public prosecutor Keiichiro Okino is assigned to the department of the Tokyo Public Prosecutors Office that deals with violent cases, where he will work with Takeshi Mogami, whom he admires. When a money lender is killed and it is suspected that someone from Mogami's past is the perpetrator, the team prepares to do his best in order to prove the alleged criminal's guilt. In a dusty post-war summer in rural Warwickshire, a doctor is called to a patient at lonely Hundreds Hall. Home to the Ayres family for over two centuries, the Georgian house is now in decline. But are the Ayreses haunted by something more sinister than a dying way of life?  Logan, a cynic with a photographic memory, follows his sister's killer onto a night-rider bus. As the line between past and present begins to blur on the journey, Logan uncovers he has a complex past with much more than one passenger. Bound by a silent pact, five students make a secret trip to the country for what seems to be an initiation ceremony. In threatening landscapes and abandoned ruins, they submit to the strange rituals of their leader, the Dux. Conrad and Sally Walden are home alone with their pet fish. It is raining outside, and there is nothing to do. Until The Cat in the Hat walks in the front door. He introduces them to their imagination, and at first it's all fun and games, until things get out of hand, and The Cat must go, go, go, before their parents get back. The suicide of a prominent wine producer unleashes a series of mysterious murders. The hunt for a killer draws a detective into an even larger mystery: the nature of the universe itself. Mike Hoolihan is an unconventional New Orleans cop investigating the murder of renowned astrophysicist Jennifer Rockwell, a black hole expert found shot to death in her observatory.  As Mike tumbles down the rabbit hole of the disturbing, labyrinthine case, she finds herself grappling with increasingly existential questions of quantum mechanics, parallel universes, and exploding stars - cosmic secrets that may hold the key to unraveling the crime, while throwing into doubt her very understanding of reality.  Awash in dreamlike, neo-noir atmosphere, this one-of-a-kind thriller is both a tantalizing whodunnit and a rich, metaphysical mind-bender. A private investigator is hired to track down a missing girl on the run from a mysterious Silicon Valley corporation. An aspiring documentary filmmaker records the post-college struggles of her best friend. The sexual rivalries over a new, potentially great rock'n'roll singer between a nightclub owner and a local gangster cause unrest and eventually lead to murder. Hundreds of years after humans have settled on Mars, Regulator Rogul and Lord Jens Maul, lead a force of Martians to Earth in order to conquer the planet. Queen Metaphor looks to the gay heroes aboard the spaceship Surprise -- Captain Kork, Mr. Spuck, and first engineer Schrotty After being released from jail, the son of a con man joins his father on the road.  In a Naples suspended between magic and superstition, madness and rationality, a mystery envelops the existence of Adriana (Giovanna Mezzogiorno), overwhelmed by a sudden love and a violent crime. Based on the bestselling novel by Donato Carrisi, THE GIRL IN THE FOG is a gripping and chilling thriller that brings us to a hazy mountain village where enigmatic Detective Vogel is investigating on the sudden disappearance of fifteen-year-old Anna Lou. But with the case at the heart of a media storm, the fine line between the police and criminals begins to blur and soon everyone becomes a suspect. A seemingly ordinary dinner party turns from creepy to bloodbath after a demonic beer is opened on the centennial anniversary of the gruesome murders. New York City. David Stillwell struggles to recover his memory before the people who are trying to kill him succeed. Who is he, who are they, and why is he surrounded by murder? Samir is the head of a small family and a bank employee and stable in his work, but separated after the decision to reduce the employment and then surprise that his bank balance zero and after days find a box with a mobile phone to meet a call changed his life by recruiting him  to spy on people through an organization called The Originals. Anthology of horror shorts. Copenhagen, Denmark, 2018. A frightening discovery is made in an old apartment. The subsequent investigation of Department Q members leads them to an infamous institution for girls that was suddenly closed in the early sixties. Northern England, 1912. The dinner of a wealthy family is interrupted by Inspector Goole, who only announces that a young woman has committed suicide. Then, he simply asks everyone present, one by one, if they knew her. New York detective Ichabod Crane is sent to Sleepy Hollow to investigate a series of mysterious deaths in which the victims are found beheaded. But the locals believe the culprit to be none other than the ghost of the legendary Headless Horseman. Yoon-young has been harboring feelings for Song-hyun, a friend's wife. When he finds out that she is divorced, Yoon-young and Songhyun take a trip to Gunsan on a whim. They find lodging at an inn where the middle-aged owner lives with his autistic daughter who does not leave her room. The four become star crossed lovers in the city of Gunsan. A wild animal attacks six medical students on a weekend hike in the woods. One by one, they become infected with a "feral disease," turning them into rabid, bloodthirsty creatures, and the vacation becomes a nightmare as they fight to survive each other. Three Nepalese children rely on each other for survival after they become separated from their parents while entering India. A young woman becomes filled with a horrible dread when she discovers that her brother may actually be something other than he appears. Explore the mysterious and dangerous home of the king of the apes as a team of explorers ventures deep inside the treacherous, primordial island. When a diabolical English lord is murdered, Sherlock Holmes and Watson must unexpectedly exchange roles in order to solve "the perfect locked room mystery. When Ayush arrives in England to learn music, he is shocked and scared when the manor he is living in becomes haunted by spirits. To exorcise them, he seeks the help of Rose, a woman who can see and speak with them. A woman spends her days editing the film of an absent lover. Kyuketsu Onsen e Yokoso (Xi Xie Wen Quan heyoukoso kyuuketsu onsen e youkoso, translated as Welcome to the blood-sucking hot spring) alternatively known as Kyuketsu Onsen ni Yokoso (Xi Xie Wen Quan niyoukoso kyuuketsu onsen ni youkoso) is a Japanese direct-to-video horror-erotic film released in 1997 by the Japanese studio known as Museum. It is based in an original story by Go Nagai. A little after the release of the film, a manga version was also released in the magazine Comic Bazooka by Tatsumishuppan, from May 1997 to August 1997, and later released in a single tankobon in 1997-10-25 by Mediax in the line MD Comics. The manga was later published in the compilation tankobon Kireta Ito: Nagai Go Jisen Sakuhin shu published by Kadokawa Shoten in 2001.  The film features famous Japanese celebrity Aya Sugimoto in the role of the landlady of the onsen and the main vampire woman, ex-idol singer Yuka Onishi of Sukeban Deka III fame, and AV idol Ryo Hitomi. A young man finds out that he holds the key to restoring hope and ensuring survival for the human race, while an alien species called the Drej are bent on mankind's destruction. A damaged young woman is looking forward to moving to a beautiful new home, but the spirit of a deranged nun wants her to stay right where she is. 2 Lanes 2017 Movie Graduation film from Kingston University.  A second generation Pakistani-American arrives in his family's ancestral town, to discover his place in the world and confronts a beautiful historic culture rife with deeply ingrained gender inequality and subjugation of women. An intimate documentary that intends to unveil the mystery of a spectacular close encounter case witnessed by a lonely gaucho. With telecom fraud cases going increasingly rampant, it's a war in the air against invisible enemy in digital network era. The Ministry of Public Security has established a special center focusing on telecom fraud crimes, criminal mastermind Ah-hai and his gang become the key target. Female SWAT team member Xu Xiaotu is sent as an undercover agent to penetrate into Ah-hai's den in Thailand. They has also recruited Ding Xiaotian, a town policeman who has come to Beijing alone for catching criminals. The center is led by Captain Tan Sirong, an experienced police officer who has cracked many telecom fraud cases before. A story of the Jangsan Tiger, who mimics human voices to lure them close, and a family affected by the creature. When Min-soo's birthday comes, he visits Hui-ja's house with a feeling of uneasiness. Gladly welcomed by her family, he stares fixedly at the prepared memorial table in the living room. The table was for her son, Jin-woo, who died 8 years ago saving Min-soo's life when he tried to kill himself. Hui-ja greets Min-soo with warmth thinking about her dead son, but he regards everything as a discomfort and a pain. Is it possible to keep each Min-soo and Hui-ja's happiness? A work of visual art that borrows from music the principles of the fugue, with the sudden flight of a man to his hotel room as its main theme. Where he dreams. In New York City for their annual tradition of Christmas Eve debauchery, three lifelong best friends set out to find the Holy Grail of Christmas parties since their yearly reunion might be coming to an end. Telly Paretta is a grieving mother struggling to cope with the loss of her 8-year-old son. She is stunned when her psychiatrist reveals that she has created eight years of memories about a son she never had. But when she meets a man who has had a similar experience, Telly embarks on a search to prove her son's existence, and her sanity. Hamid's brother has been missing in action, presumed dead, for twenty-two years. Coming to terms with the loss, Hamid has now moved on and, as custom dictates, married his brother's widow. The fates of an apparently random group of strangers who each come into contact with a mysterious figure who they believe possesses the power to grant any wish, in return for which they must carry out a task he assigns them. A lady cop who moves into a small town gets drawn to a case that involves a girl that's possessed by an evil spirit. After the death of Rini's mother, something is disturbing her family. Michiko Oshitani, who lived in Shiga Prefecture, is found dead at an apartment in Tokyo. She was strangled to death. Mutsuo Koshikawa is the owner of the apartment and he goes missing. Detectives including Yuhei Matsumiya who is a cousin of Detective Kyoichiro Kaga , have difficulties in solving the case. They can't find a connection between Michiko Oshitani and Mutsuo Koshikawa.  They soon learn that Michiko Oshitani came to Tokyo to visit Hiromi Asai . They graduated from the same school, but there isn't a connection between Hiromi Asai and Mutsuo Koshikawa. Detective Yuhei Matsumiya finds something near Michiko Oshitani's body. That something has the names of 12 bridges surrounding the Nihonbashi area of Tokyo. Detective Kyoichiro Kaga learns of the clue and becomes agitated. There's a connection with his late mother Rap pioneer Kurtis Blow shows fans that he's still got what it takes to command an audience in this performance from 2008's "Hip Hop Anniversary" tour of Germany, in which he delights the crowd with a long list of his hits. The first rapper to sign with a major label and to record a national commercial is the last rapper standing here as he delivers such popular tracks as "Party Time," "Under Fire," "If I Ruled the World," "The Breaks" and more.  In 1919, in a small town under the crushing heat of summer, a war hero is held prisoner in an abandoned barracks. Outside, his mangy dog barks night and day. Not far off in the countryside, an extraordinarily intelligent young woman works the land, waiting and hoping. A judge whose principles have been sorely shaken by the war is coming to sort out this case of which it is better not to speak. American college students head to the jungles of Vietnam to search for lost gold. They become hopelessly lost, and they may not be alone. Movie starred by Nino Muhlach. A young woman uses her body and her sexuality to help her climb the social ladder, but soon begins to wonder if her new status will ever bring her happiness. Set during the Spanish civil war, the story of a commander of a fort Alcazar in Toledo, faithful to general Franco. A weekend camping trip among six old friends in Northern Minnesota's "Boundary Waters" turns tragic after one dies under mysterious circumstances, triggering further turmoil as they attempt to unmask the killer within their own group. The aging Eszter clarify outstanding relationship. A group of friends sneak into an abandoned prison with the intention of making a ghost hunting video, until they start to go missing one by one. A reckless night of indiscretion and lust leads a woman into the dark world of blackmail and murder. When revealing photos of her sexual tryst unexpectedly surface, Katy is forced to submit to whatever her tormentors desire. A young violinist unravels her long lost father's past, triggering dark forces that reach beyond her imagination. A woman is involuntarily committed to a mental institution where she is confronted by her greatest fear. The affaire of a married Palestinian man and a married Israeli woman in Jerusalem takes a dangerous political dimension when they are spotted in the wrong place at the wrong time leaving them to deal with more than their broken marriages. In an abandoned psychiatric hospital, a theatre group experiments with insomnia for the preparation of a stage play. With the passage of days without sleep, they reach new thresholds of perception that expose them to the secrets of the place and the energies that inhabit it. When Bianca, a young, promising actress, joins the cast, competing for the lead role, she must survive not only the intensity of the work and her cast mates, but the unknown force that is pulling them towards a tragic outcome. A random group of people wake up on an Island where they are being hunted down in a sinister plot to harvest their organs. Walter and Benita have separated due to growing tension within their marriage. After Walter isn't heard from for an extended period of time, Benita discovers a terrifying occurrence. A commoner is thrown into a jail cell on suspicion of murder of a local politician. Can he survive the State entrapment, or did he actually do it? It's the most exciting time of year at Third Street Elementary-- the end of the School Year! But boredom quickly sets in for protagonist TJ Detweiler, as his friends are headed for Summer Camp. One day, while passing by the school on his bike, he notices a green glow coming from the school's auditorium. This is the work of the insidious ex-principal of Third Street, Phillium Benedict and his gang of ninjas and secret service look-alikes! Benedict is planning to get rid of Summer Vacation using his newly-acquired Tractor Beam, which he stole from the US Military Base in an effort to raise US Test Scores, and it's up to the Recess Gang to stop him! Richard, an uninspired novelist suffering from paranoid delusions, suspects his young and beautiful wife, Haley, of having an affair. He hires Matt to confirm his suspicions but the plan goes terribly wrong. As the twisting plot unfolds, the line between reality and dream begins to blur; only Nick, Richard's old friend and agent, is there to hold him back from the brink of insanity. A morally bent detective  has one of the worst days of his life after he tries to cover up an accidental crime. Alice's boyfriend Frank is a Scotland Yard detective who seems more interested in police work than in her. When she agrees to go out with another man, he attacks her and she defends herself and kills him. When the body is discovered, Frank is assigned to the case. He quickly discovers that Alice is the killer, but so has someone else, and they are threatening blackmail. The Hong Kong police is hunting a counterfeiting gang led by a mastermind code-named "Painter" . The gang possesses exceptional counterfeiting skills which makes it difficult to distinguish the authenticity of its counterfeit currency. The scope of their criminal activities extends globally and greatly attracts the attention of the police. In order to crack the true identity of "Painter", the police recruits a painter named Lee Man to assist in solving the case. Ray is a loner until he meets the mysterious Paul whilst exploring the woods, a place he can see in his dreams. As their love deepens Ray begins to suspect that Paul may not be who he seems and that the sinister figures that haunt the woods may be coming for them both. After his best friend Mikey goes missing, Karl goes on a search mission to find him in the supposed woodlands he was last seen in. During his search, things take an unexpected turn and Karl finds himself up against not only mother natures fury but a hidden secret that the woods harvest. A campus urban legend myth comes true when fraternity brothers start to get killed off one by one by the infamous serial killer who used to live in the fraternity house 25 years ago. A series of murders are happening in the city, and a cop realises that they are all eerily similar. Can he find out the link and capture the murderer before it is too late? In the winter of 2117, a runaway vehicle crashes into the Public Safety Bureau Building. The driver is identified as Izumi Yasaka, a psychological counselor at the Sanctuary, a Latent Criminal Isolation Facility in Aomori Prefecture. But right before her interrogation, Enforcer Mika Shimotsuki and Inspector Nobuchika Ginoza are tasked with promptly escorting Yasaka back to Aomori. What awaits them there is a False Paradise. Esther Harrison has it good and got exactly what she wanted in life; steady income two kids and a loving husband but, when a dark figure from her past comes calling, it reveals a secret that will change everything. The friends Emmett, Freddy, Marie, Kevin and his reluctant girlfriend Jessie decide to spend the Halloween night in an abandoned hospital. Meanwhile, the younger Allan meets the old friend of his father Arlo Ray Baines and asks him to help to find his vanished sister Meg in the same spot. The two groups meet each other in the mental institution section on the haunted third floor. Dora, a girl who has spent most of her life exploring the jungle with her parents, now must navigate her most dangerous adventure yet: high school. Always the explorer, Dora quickly finds herself leading Boots (her best friend, a monkey), Diego, and a rag tag group of teens on an adventure to save her parents and solve the impossible mystery behind a lost Inca civilization.  How do these objects differ from one another, if at all? Nick Moskovitz, an astronomer at the Lowell Observatory, compares these two space solar system bodies. - VRV Based on the Resurrected Victims Phenomenon where murder victims come back to life to avenge the murderer, a prosecutor is suspected of his mother's murder. A rare astronomical event causes a permanent worldwide black out, forcing residents of a middle-class suburb to get by with no modern conveniences. The community pulls together and adapts to a simpler way of life, but their success draws the attention of the less resourceful residents in the area and soon results in a war between subdivisions. This is their story. Written by Anonymous  A catastrophic solar flare plunges Earth into global darkness. As society teeters on the edge of total anarchy the President and top government officials are swept away to a Cold War bunker in search of a solution. While the politicians fight insanity and each other, a group of middle-class suburbanites take survival into their own hands. With bullets and seeds, this neighborhood of schoolteachers and businessmen transform themselves into a village of self-sustaining warriors. Can they hold on until power is restored, or will they fall to the starving masses? Called in to recover evidence in the aftermath of a horrific explosion on a New Orleans ferry, Federal agent Doug Carlin gets pulled away from the scene and taken to a top-secret government lab that uses a time-shifting surveillance device to help prevent crime. The murder of a group of people is linked to the ghost of Carlos Gardel. A group of friends must face the tango to stop him and survive. A Chicago cop goes to Poland to get the hoods who killed his brother. When he finds out they belong to the local outfit of the Russian mob, he takes on the outfit's boss, as well as Dr. Lem, who handles illegal organ trade for the mob. An air-traffic controller quits after a plane crash but, years later, goes to help an airport that is in the path of a terrible storm. Carla and Marco are manic-depressive poets whose art is fueled by their emotional extremes. When they go off their meds, they end up in the same psychiatric hospital. As the chemistry between them stirs up their emotions, it intensifies their mania. Despite doctors' and parents' attempts to separate them, they pursue their beautiful but destructive romance which swings them from fantastical manic highs to suicidal depressive lows, until they have to choose between sanity and love. An apocalyptic survivor searches for his daughter in the Terlingua desert while two caseworkers, holed up in a bunker, watch and record his every move.  In the Korean Classic Horror Movie, A Public Cemetery of Wolha 1967, the tombstone of the kisaeng (Korean geisha) Wol-ha, who dies under a false accusation, is found! Set in the 1930s when Korea was under Japanese rule, a story was told about a girl, Wolhyang. She goes from a student to a kisaeng (Korean geisha) to a wife of a bourgeois man and is finally killed under a false accusation. This is a well-known story in Korea from the Korean classic horror movie, A Public Cemetery of Wolha. The movie, Wol-ha 2017, starts with a setting, where the tombstone of Wol-ha is found by an international collector and the whole process of finding the tomb of Kisaeng Wolhyang is recorded by video. The footages are fully of the mysterious and the grotesque...! When Seth receives a mysterious letter inviting him to spend the weekend at a secluded mansion in the country, he soon realizes the people inside the house may know him better than he knows himself. The Seventh Doctor becomes the Eighth. And on the streets of San Francisco - alongside new ally Grace Holloway - he battles the Master. Two FBI agents investigating the murder of civil rights workers during the 60s seek to breach the conspiracy of silence in a small Southern town where segregation divides black and white. The younger agent trained in FBI school runs up against the small town ways of his partner, a former sheriff.  When a charming fare named Penny climbs into his taxi cab, Harris, her world-weary driver, finds himself engaged in the only kind of courtship he can have with a passenger -- one that lasts as long as her trip. That is, right up until she disappears from the back seat without a trace. When confusion gives way to reality, he resets his meter and is instantaneously transported back to the moment when she climbed into his cab. As he and Penny find themselves trapped in an endless nighttime cab ride, with only each other for company, secrets will be revealed, truths will come to light, and Harris' entire life will be changed forever. Kris is a homicide cop with psychic abilities. She works to prove that the prime suspect in her latest case (the much younger husband of the millionaire victim) is innocent. But are her visions true, or planned by someone who knows what she can see? Desperate to find a subject for his next novel, Ernesto Navarro follows the tracks of a mysterious killer, a man obsessed with drinking human blood and becoming immortal. A story about Portuguese in Canada from 1953 to 2003. Fictionalized portrait of one of history's great literary couples: Stein &amp; Toklas. Summer 1930s France, Alice tends to ailing Gertrude; they visit Fernande Olivier, Guillaume Apollinaire, others; and Hemingway pops in. In the spirit of the jaw- droppingly outrageous KILINK ISTANBUL'DA, DEMIR PENCE concerns itself with two masked adversaries -- one fighting for justice, the other a nefarious criminal -- who do battle with the fate of Turkey & the entire world at stake. A young man disappears amid talk of violence and demagoguery, leaving behind an obscure cache of letters, postcards, and notebooks. The Black Death is ravaging Spain. As Camille Saint-Saens's "Danse Macabre" plays on the soundtrack, a mix of animation and acted scenes tells the story of Youth and Love meeting one night. They dance, embrace, and kiss. As the night wears on, exuberant Death, a skeletal figure with a violin, pursues the couple. They try to elude him. Eventually, Love swoons. Youth is powerless to protect her. Is she doomed? Ten-year-old Justin finds himself hitching a ride with two kidnappers when he climbs aboard the wrong van -- thinking it's his family's vehicle -- and gets separated from his parents. When the bumbling crooks hatch a plan to nab a business tycoon's daughter, Justin finds his only recourse is to save the girl while making his escape. Once upon a time, in a far away, across the dark jungle, a castle in the sky, there lived a king of Evils with his evil guards. One day, one of his magicians showed the magic mirror and shows a beautiful human girl in this mirror, and told that if he wants to continue to be a king he must marry this girl. The story of "The Evil Marriage movie" revolves around the character of "Nur" (a human girl) who was kidnapped by the Evil's king guards and took her to unfamiliar world where she will have to marry the evil in order for others to live. But, there is someone who sneaks into the dark jungle to reach the evil castle and rescues her. Pritha, a middle aged housewife stays with her husband Alokesh and her 8 year old son Riju in a house in the outskirts of Kolkata. Her life changes all of a sudden when a stranger enters Pritha's house at night and takes Pritha and her son Riju as hostage within few moments. Riju, the 8 years old son, however without any apprehension starts getting fond of this unwanted guest. Pritha also surprisingly strikes a friendly chord with the stranger in the house..There is something weirdly charming about the stranger which draws Pritha's attention. As time passes Pritha goes through a range of emotions of eminent fear, astonishment and eventually develops a connection with the apparent terrorist. Is there something more to it? Watch out ZBCO, Raater Atithi on 16th October only on Zee Bangla Cinema Originals. Adapted from a popular Chinese Crime Fiction Campus novel.  After receiving a heart transplant, Xia, who is a mathematical genius and studies in Nanyang University, is wrapped in the mist of a murder. With the help from University colleague Qin, she gradually realises that this is an insane scheme of organ trafficking manipulated by subtle mathematical calculations. What is more, a terrifying secret is also hidden inside Xia's new heart. Two rival "brothers-in-law" make a bet that they can stop smoking for 2 weeks. But, it's just not that easy... The plot concerns a spiritual battle being waged within the capital of Tokyo during the turn of the 20th century. In 1908, Japan is undergoing an enormous process of industrial renovation due the influence of radical western ideals. Technology and politics shift the country's emphasis more and more away from the traditions of the past, with Tokyo being the main center of this radical movement. At the same time, Yasumasa Hirai, an Onmyoji of the Tsuchimikado Family, has been called from Kyoto to Tokyo in order to participate in a secret meeting concerning plans to turn Tokyo into the most commercial and blessed city in all of Japan. Opposing Hirai is Yasunori Kato, an evil Onmyoji whose only desire is the complete destruction of Tokyo. Yasumasa Hirai and Kato Yasunori meet and fight for the future of Tokyo and the Japanese Empire. A group of misfit filmmakers document their experiments with remote viewing; the alleged paranormal ability to perceive remote or hidden targets by using extrasensory perception. The Inner and Outer World of Shahrukh Khan is the release title for a pair of documentaries about Bollywood superstar Shahrukh Khan, both directed by the London-based writer and producer/director Nasreen Munni Kabir, an authority on Hindi cinema. A Manny Velazquez underground slasher tribute about a number of serial killers on the loose in Chicago and begins a murder spree. Meanwhile,, a young man watches over his friends house over the weekend until he realizes that something is wrong. During a weekend getaway to Joshua Tree, a group of teenagers find themselves under mental and physical assault from a supernatural entity that mimics their appearances as it completes an ancient ritual. This excerpt from A Pale Blue Dot was inspired by an image taken, at Carl Sagan's suggestion, by Voyager 1 on February 14, 1990. The sudden reappearance of the young Vera in a coastal village makes Jordi decide to undertake the search for his father, who has been presumed dead for over twenty years. A killer is released from prison and breaks into a remote home to kill a woman, her handicapped son and her pretty daughter. When an entire village is terrorised by the news of a tiger on the loose, they turn to Peeli and his jolly gang of friends for help. but has he got it in him to stop the dreaded predator from wreaking more havoc? After his best friend Mikey goes missing, Karl goes on a search mission to find him in the supposed woodlands he was last seen in. During his search, things take an unexpected turn and Karl finds himself up against not only mother natures fury but a hidden secret that the woods harvest. Johnny is a successful banker with great respect for and dedication to the people in his life, especially his future wife Lisa. The happy-go-lucky guy sees his world fall apart when his friends begin to betray him one-by-one. The story of Stan, an orphaned teenager stuck living with his abusive grandfather and tasked with routinely protecting his best friend from high school bullies. When Stan discovers a murderous creature has taken refuge inside the tool shed in his backyard, he tries to secretly battle the demon alone until his bullied friend discovers the creature and has a far more sinister plan in mind. After a violent altercation, a runaway youth goes on the lam with a charming beach dweller offering an easy way out, but once they skip town, she quickly realizes that the harrowing past she's running from is one she may never escape. An unedited memory card from a camera shows Leah Sullivan's school project about a cold case murder that doesn't seem to be so cold after all. When a menacing smuggler coolly insists that best-selling author Wes Wilson take a chauffeured backseat ride with him, Wilson's charmed life explodes into a world of violence and espionage, and he learns shocking truths about two women in his life. In this rousing sequel to Kickboxer, Tong Po broods about his defeat at the hands of Kurt Sloan. Po and his managers resort to drastic measures to goad Kurt into the ring for a rematch. Gwen is a reclusive loner with an obsession with stalking and studying strangers, always at a distance. When one of her subjects enters her life in an unexpected way, Gwen sees it as an opportunity to find out more about them, but it may change her life in ways she could never anticipate. Mula lives with her husband, sick mother and daughter Nina in a countryside house. At the weekend before Nina's First Holy Communion, her brother with his family come for a visit together with Kaja - Mula's younger sister, who disappeared suddenly 6 years earlier. Kaja is Nina's biological mother. Mula is afraid that unstable Kaja might want to take her daughter away. Welcome to the city of gods and monsters. Crescent City is a melting pot for both. Dealing with both human cases and special cases Detective Joseph Chapel along with his partner Detective Severina Sinclair, his god daughter Kayla Perkins and the police force of C.C.P.D. do there best to clean up the city of natural and supernatural things. Chains in the Attic is the first film in a 4 part film series. A series of murders is happening in Crescent City. It's up to Detective Joseph Chapel and the officers of Crescent City P.D. to solve these mysterious murders while various things are set in motion for the future of Crescent City. Written and Directed by Kelly D. Weaver. Produced by Terminal 52 Films. An Armenian-American journalist turns into an unwilling ghost hunter while researching the sudden deaths in her family and their connection to a paranormal mystery. Pojar's wickedly humourous satire pokes gentle fun at a speechmaker so enamoured with the sound of his own voice, he is oblivious to the effect he is having on his audience. Pojar details their bafflement, fidgets, whispers and snores with great imagination. Banesh Fene, a charming, witty and extremely sharp guy with daring nature and an uncanny knack for investigation who comes to Pune for a medical exam, witnesses a shocking incident. He suspects foul play and with the help of his friends Aajoba, Aboli, and Bhubhu, Banesh decides to investigate more about the incident. Soon, he realizes that he has walked himself into trouble as he has to face off against Appa, a cruel criminal. Buster's handmade boat, The Damfino, is finished and is, of course, too large to get through the basement door. When he drives off with it in tow, the side of his house, then the whole thing, collapses. At the harbor he rides the boat out only to have it sink beneath him. The rest is a series of adventures he and his family have with the restored boat. In order to save her son's life, Ana embarks on a quest to find a powerful stone from the Zone of Silence in Mexico. Someone finds out the power the stone possesses and believes it is a power worth killing for. Madame Tang colludes and mediates between the government and the private businesses for the benefits of her all-female family. One case does not go according to plan, and an entire family close to Madame Tang fall victim to a gruesome murder. Ambition, desire and lust eventually change Tang's relationships with her own family forever. Master Szeto is back and, with his mostly fearless crew in tow, he traipses across Asia in search of the supernatural. What he finds will either amuse or insult you, or perhaps both.  But will it entertain you?  That indeed is a mystery for us all.  To find out how this reviewer fared, read on...if you dare. A feature film about Thai gangsters, ghosts and betrayal. Berenice is a dedicated female taxi driver in Rio de Janeiro. She is consumed by her job and the little free time she has needs to be divided between raising her son Thiago, a teenager exploring his sexuality, and her troubled relationship with her husband Domingos, a police reporter. The scars of the worn-out relationship, ruined by her husband's violent outbursts, have erased her femininity and led her into a great existential emptiness. The murder of Isabelle, a beautiful transgender woman, on Copacabana Beach, ignites her investigative side and transforms her life. A documentary on Alfred Hitchcock's 1941 film, "Suspicion". When Dr. Anthony Edwardes arrives at a Vermont mental hospital to replace the outgoing hospital director, Dr. Constance Peterson, a psychoanalyst, discovers Edwardes is actually an impostor. The man confesses that the real Dr. Edwardes is dead and fears he may have killed him, but cannot recall anything. Dr. Peterson, however is convinced his impostor is innocent of the man's murder, and joins him on a quest to unravel his amnesia through psychoanalysis.  Dreams entangle in fiction for Eko, 31, a Japanese who enters a dark world of dreams after publishing an ad to re enact and freely interpret dreams in Tokyo while a parallel investigation of a crime in Tel Aviv in relation to a dream is occupying an israeli detective by the name of Ruven. Julia moves with her family to the remote courtyard of her deceased sister. Despite the gruesome memory, she hopes for a reconciliation with her traumatic past. But for Julia her sister Jette remains omnipresent. She soon believes she hears her voice and increasingly has doubts about the alleged suicide. Julia tries to figure out what happened in the last days before Jette's death and identifies more and more with her. She believes that only one last desperate act can save them all. But evil has many faces. Meet Nikola Tesla, the genius engineer and tireless inventor whose technology revolutionized the electrical age of the 20th century. Although eclipsed in fame by Edison and Marconi, it was Tesla's vision that paved the way for today's wireless world. His fertile but undisciplined imagination was the source of his genius but also his downfall, as the image of Tesla as a mad scientist came to overshadow his reputation as a brilliant innovator. Japanese romance film. Jack Hammond is sentenced to life in prison, but manages to escape. To get away from the police he takes a girl as hostage and drives off in her car. The girl happens to be the only daughter of one of the richest men in the state. In a while the car chase is being broadcast live on every TV-channel. One year after Pohjola Manor incident the Masked Man is back again. As they celebrate their high school graduation, four friends are involved in a hit-and-run accident when their car hits and apparently kills a pedestrian on an isolated roadway. They dispose of the body and vow to keep the incident a secret, a year later somebody starts sending them letters bearing the warning "I Know What You Did Last Summer". Someone is murdering all of the Ben Lyks in London! Youtuber, Ben Lyk, decides to gather all of the remaining Ben Lyks to try and figure out exactly what is happening to London's Ben Lyks. Molly is a girl living in the year 1944 and WWII has brought many changes to Molly's life. An English girl comes to live with Molly's family to escape the bombings. They slowly become good friends.  The tentative romance between a gentle Madrid labourer and a working single mother becomes a struggle for survival when the woman's violent boyfriend returns from prison, in the gritty, suspenseful debut feature from Spanish actor Raul Arevalo. 'Assassin Behind The Glass' question whether 'snitching' is an honorable virtue, or a death sentence... Alice tries to live a normal life known as "the girl who blows things up," and is haunted by dark dreams of an epic medieval battle and the armored specter of her deceased father. An upright priest, disliked the corrupt upper echelons of V.A.T.I.C.A.N.O., is imprisoned, tortured and sentenced to certain death. But by divine intercession he'd be able to save himself: once put back on track, and trained in the martial arts by an eccentric monk, he will take revenge in a crescendo of disproportionate violence. At the beginning of the 20th century, a series of Gnostic spells perpetrated in India affected a Spanish priest, ending his honor and his life and cursing his offspring forever. Harassed by this spell, his great-great grandson, also a priest, is forced to flee from the town to the capital and from there to a cathedral submerged in the depths of the ocean. Black magicians, delinquents, insects, archons and even Satan himself will be some of the sinister characters he will have to face in order to succeed in his evangelizing adventure. Set against the backdrop of the succession of Queen Elizabeth I, and the Essex Rebellion against her, the story advances the theory that it was in fact Edward De Vere, Earl of Oxford who penned Shakespeare's plays. In the summer of 1947, various men and women gather at a mansion in the countryside at the invitation of Kazuma Utagawa.  They are artists, novelists, poets, painters, playwrights, actresses, etc.  Then the murders begin, one after another.  The incident seemed to have no continuity... Having developed an uncontrollable obsession with the beautiful young Rudy (Michelle Tomlinson), crazed serial killer Herman (James DuMont) kidnaps her and locks her in a cage in his basement. The only way for Rudy to survive this nightmare is to outsmart her psychopathic tormentor. But Herman has experience on his side: He's entrapped and tortured other women before, playing sick and twisted mind games with his frightened victims. What has Nasa been hiding from us beyond the visual spectrum? Three soldiers in Korea go through inner torment when they're ordered to execute an enemy soldier. Sarovaram is the story of the life of a musician Devadathan, played by Mammootty. Devadathan returns back to India after a long stay in France. Devadathan plans on staying with his family but is met with hostility from his siblings. Sony Pictures Entertainment and The Walt Disney Company jointly announced that Marvel Studios and its President Kevin Feige will produce the third film in the "Spider-Man: Homecoming" series, starring Tom Holland. The film is scheduled to release on July 16, 2021. Following a mysterious car accident in the desert, Dafne suffers from post-traumatic amnesia. Jake, the first person she sees when she regains consciousness, tells her he's her husband. After David Kim's 16-year-old daughter goes missing, a local investigation is opened and a detective is assigned to the case. But 37 hours later and without a single lead, David decides to search the one place no one has looked yet, where all secrets are kept today: his daughter's laptop. A work of visual art that borrows from music the principles of the fugue, with the sudden flight of a man to his hotel room as its main theme. Where he dreams. Mary (Kate Lyn Sheil) lives alone. She is waiting for something to happen in her life. Riding the elevator to work, a strange man, Hayward, grabs her shoulder and speaks to her telepathically. "Do you believe in magic?" This triggers a nervous breakdown. After a visit to the emergency room, Mary goes to stay at her sister's house, and goes into therapy. Mary can now hear people's thoughts, and she starts hearing music that seems to be broadcast from her mind. Adapted by Gary Walkow from his novel of the same name. It is a murder mystery which draws its inspiration from the real-life murders in Kerala and explores how a person can be framed and labelled a criminal, even if there is no solid proof of their guilt. Ash Wednesday is set in the Manhattan of the early 1980's and is about a pair of Irish-American brothers who become embroiled in a conflict with the Irish Mob. A homeless teen answers the voice of a child calling out for help and is sent on a journey to find a human trafficking network run by the child's killer. After having visions of a member of her support group who killed herself, a woman who also suffers with chronic pain seeks out the widower of the suicide. Nirdosh overview. A mix-up with a security card causes a malevolent building to try and kill an employee on his first day at work. 'Cocuklar Sana Emanet' meaning 'Children's Safety to you" The story about an interior architect Kerem (Engin Akyurek) recovering from traumatic car accident then spends time with healer woman and people of a village. But It is full of mysteries, suspense & hope. Driven by the desire for the huge reward, Tang Ren (by Wang Baoqiang) tricked Qin Feng (by Liu Haoran) to New York, to attend the World Detective Contest,. Later on, behind the crazy competition, Qin and Tang discovered the real hidden facts of this contest. A man, who is repaying a 30 million yen debt left by his brother, wins the 300 million yen lottery. He grapples with the question of whether money can buy him happiness. After his best friend Mikey goes missing, Karl goes on a search mission to find him in the supposed woodlands he was last seen in. During his search, things take an unexpected turn and Karl finds himself up against not only mother natures fury but a hidden secret that the woods harvest.  When Ellen, the matriarch of the Graham family, passes away, her daughter's family begins to unravel cryptic and increasingly terrifying secrets about their ancestry. Ethan is suffering enormous guilt after his parents are killed in a car accident. He quits a promising future at MIT and work on a revolutionary experiment in order to care for his younger siblings. Looking to investigate recruitment techniques of ISIS to lure women into Syria, Amy Whitaker, a journalist, creates a Facebook profile of a Muslim convert. When an ISIS recruiter contacts her online character, she experiences the process first hand. Renos is an old-time waiter with a meticulous routine. He is a loner and an avid collector of information. His repetitive daily routine liberates him from the agony of pursuing the unknown. The unexpected events that invade his life hide many surprises. A policewoman whose childhood friend disappeared in Patagonia years ago starts a new search to find answers, and soon finds her own life in danger. A young writer and the fictional detective from his stories attempt to solve a mystery while on a writers' retreat. A low budget but slick "who done it" involving the murder of a wealthy businessman. The long list of suspects includes the family butler, their shady attorney, and an assortment of greedy business partners who have all been called together for the reading of the will. But first there is a seance to communicate with the dead man. From the producers of "Tattletale Corpse" and "Burial Island". A rainy night. Dazed and numb, Luz, a young cabdriver, drags herself into the brightly lit entrance of a run-down police station. In a nightspot, Nora seductively engages police psychiatrist Dr. Rossini in a conversation. Nora tells the Doctor about her old schoolmate Luz' rebellious past at a Chilean school for girls. Nora is possessed by a demonic entity, longing for the woman it loves - Luz. Despite the fact that he has a beautiful wife who loves him and a good home, gold-digger Lillian Loring discovers that Ralph Hedman is a pushover for her winsome wiles and ways. Ralph's wife, Alice, becomes suspicious when she sees them together at lunch one day. He asks for a divorce but Alice says she wants to keep the marriage going for at least a year, for appearances sake, and says she will agree to a divorce then if he still wants it. Alive stays home alone for three months while Ralph is living it up as a full member of the Jazz Age. He gets sick and Alice invites Lillian to come over and help get him well. Lillian decides that lots of saxophone playing and wild dancing is the best cure. Alice takes all she can stand, leaves a note for Ralph and departs the premises. Ralph also takes his own departure, after leaving a note for Alice. Lillian keeps on partying. Alice and Ralph, driving their respective cars into an intersection, have a collision.  The film is about the difficulty of maintaining a solid relationship in modern times. Eight married college friends plus one other non-friend (all of whom have achieved middle to upper class economic status) go to Colorado for their annual week-long reunion, but the mood shifts when one couple's infidelity comes to light. Secrets are revealed and each couple begins to question their own marriage An indefatigable district nurse crisscrosses her rural patch to tend to the sick at home and on the farm An imaginative boy who frequently makes things up witnesses a murder, but can't get his parents or the police to believe him. The only people taking him seriously are the killers - who live upstairs, know that he saw what they did, and are out to permanently silence him. Devising a fantastic universe, in which ancient make-up and costumes share the screen with contemporary elements such as limousines, helicopters and mobile phones, 'Philosophy in the Boudoir' intends to blur the borders of realism and make the spectator get closer to timeless issues. The boudoir inside an industrial plant brings an aggressive aesthetics to the teachings and orgies. The takes are developed in different ways. The franzy of orgies has a fast editing, whilst philosophical moments are long sequence shots. By bringing to the contemporary world a 200-year-old romance, we intend to trigger questions about the real moral changes in Western society. It is also interesting to highlight Sade's feminism. His female heroes are independent women, masters of their own sexual drive. At last, due to the solid theatrical background of the artists, the film was inevitably contaminated by unusual procedures, contributing to new possibilities of exchange between arts. Complex and intriguing Turkish drama about revenge killing. A young woman who went into hiding from her family talks about her life in a documentary. An uncle who sees the film in Germany won't let it rest . A conservative lawyer named Diane takes her two teenage children Jake and Zoe to meet their estranged, hippie grandmother in Woodstock after her husband asks for a divorce. In hospital, photographer Jinx Kingsley wakes from a coma after a car crash - a failed suicide attempt, prompted by her fiance Leo jilting her to elope with Jinx's lifelong best friend, Meg. The discovery of Leo and Meg's bodies - brutally murdered in the same manner as Jinx's first husband - makes Jinx the prime suspect. Then, with the help of eminent neuroscientist Dr.Alan Protheroe, some memories begin to surface. Memories of desperation and paralysing terror. Today is the day of truth. 12-year-old Tomas has listened to the grown-ups' excuses and delaying tactics for long enough. His mother, his grandpa, the so-called friends of his dad have all conspired to weave a web of silence, excuses and contradictions. But now he's had enough, because today is the day when the man who killed his father is being released from prison. And Tomas is ready. He has a loaded pistol in his rucksack. Fired up and determined to cut through the grown-ups' lies, Tomas sets off though his home town. Maurizio, tiny, reckless and full of energy, grew up in the poorest outskirts of Reggio Calabria, he argues with spiteful hens, speaks to wise donkeys and fights for his dream: to play the snare drum in the neighbourhood band. A mysterious Dark Horseman slays young girls near the village of Dikanka, and he has already butchered 11 ladies. Nikolai Gogol, a scribe from Saint Petersburg has to take charge of the investigation, but the closer he gets to solving the case, the more fits he has, causing macabre visions. When he learns the next victim is his beloved, Liza, he doubts that he can protect her and resist the murderer. Fortunately, he meets somebody who can help him: Khoma Brut, the witch hunter, martial artist and philosopher. Together they spend three dreadful nights in an old chapel reading the funeral service for Ulyana, the witch, and calling upon the ghastly evil spirit Viy. Miyu went to Seoul, Korea to study and look for her older sister who went missing two years ago. One day Miyu got to know Hana who was a famous plastic surgeon and she reminded of her missing sister. Hana lives with her lover Hyoshin, but she got attracted by Miyu. And Nyoshin felt jealous of Miyu. Miyu thought that Hana is actually her older sister and asked her to tell the truth. Hyoshin saw two of them talking and killed Hana because of jealous. Hyoshin tried to kill Miyu next and Miyu realized Hyoshin is her sister who had plastic surgery and changed her face. Finally Hana stuck a knife into herself because she knew Miyu always values her sister. Miyu survived, but lost her precious sister. Marina is a 37-year-old divorcee who raises her 12-year-old daughter alone and works as a teacher at an art school. It seems to Marina that her ordinary life is already over until she accidentally meets Nikita. The young man falls instantly in love with Marina and will do anything to be with her. Marina loves Nikita too but is more than aware of the 17-year age gap between them.  Nikita does not see their difference in age as an obstacle and is ready to marry Marina immediately. But Marina is afraid for their future and worried that people will disapprove. She hesitates and runs back to her hometown where her parents introduce her to their new neighbour Igor, a decent and responsible man, who is the same age as Marina. He too falls in love with her, and she agrees to marry him, but will Nikita let go of the woman he loves so easily? A mother and her young daughter move into a new house looking for a fresh start. But they soon realize they've just become part of a dark history. A man's life is altered unexpectedly after telling a lie to get out of work. A newly married couple's vacation retreat is suddenly derailed when the husband, ultra successful business tycoon David Dolan, is suddenly kidnapped and held for ransom. It's up to David's trusty assistant Portia to negotiate the terms and figure out who is behind the abduction. A young couple gets kidnapped and treated like farm animals after stopping at a roadside diner to eat meat. Amid acrimonious divorce proceedings, Louise (Blythe Danner) unwittingly puts her life in danger when she contests the prenuptial agreement she signed before marrying attorney Arthur Jamison (Anthony Hopkins). He plans to kill her to resolve the situation. Armed with information on how her cheating husband conducts his business and personal affairs, she demands more money from him -- but will Arthur have the final word? Jessy wakes up one morning with a splitting headache and a vague memory of the bygone week to realize that his partner, Maanu, is missing. A frantic search follows. Jessy and Maanu, an eccentric couple, had decided to experiment on sleep deprivation in an attempt to liven up their relationship. What began as a joke turned serious in a couple of days. Their initial phases of creativity, fun, and frolic slowly gave way to lack of judgment, agitation, and temperamental issues. At the end of 4 days of turmoil, they crack and have an altercation about the state of their relationship. Things turn violent and soon Jessy passes out. The movie, structured in a non-linear narrative, is an attempt by Jessy to recollect what went down in the last four days. We go back and forth between his present search for her and the bursts of memories that he has about her. With the help of his friend Venu, he attempts to discover her past that she'd refused to ever reveal. A young man who once dreamed of joining the police force becomes the leader of a gang of thieves. The award-winning Black Comedy series takes to the stage of London's Theatre Royal Drury Lane. Oscar-winning screen icon Susan Sarandon and Armenian painter Tigran Tsitoghdzyan discuss time and identity, and how the apparently in conflict values of beauty and aging are perceived in our modern society dominated by social media, as he limns her portrait during a timeless sitting session. With this film the director sets in motion his film theory on poetics of cinematic art, by re-creating a set of sense memories of an artist in a non-linear, challenging, yet intriguing story-telling scheme. Recently divorced Carl and Julie are not on good terms. When their 19-year-old daughter goes missing in India, they must journey into the Himalayas in search for her. Stenio, the nightshifter of a morgue, has the ability to communicate with the cadavers that are brought to him every night. A film about the tormenting presence of absence. A young shop girl named Xiao Mei suddenly vanishes from her usual existence, without explanation or trace. Has she dissolved, or perhaps redeemed herself somehow? Nine people from her immediate surroundings try to fill the empty space left behind by this supposedly insignificant young woman. In a kaleidoscope of meandering memories, projections, confessions, interpretations, incantations and helpless speculations through which the young escapee wanders aimlessly, they attempt to solve the mystery of her disappearance. Secure within a desolate home as an unnatural threat terrorizes the world, a man has established a tenuous domestic order with his wife and son, but this will soon be put to test when a desperate young family arrives seeking refuge. Page 16 is a Supernatural thriller. It's a story about an ambitious builder Ajay, whose life turned upside down when he bought a book for his son Harsh. It all started with page 16 of that book where his past and present life gets entangled. An aging lawman is convinced a mysterious stranger arrested in his small town is innocent. His investigation stirs up a hornet's nest that will change the town forever. Mohey is separated from her twin sister and abused after she is plucked from an orphanage as a girl. She becomes trapped in a life of underhand dealings and illegal trading, where her intellect and beauty are used as commodities. When she is coerced into a temporary marriage to secure a deal... Amalia finds a deaf young man living in the woods behind her house. Another man comes looking for him, she gets the instinct to hide him. Could he be in danger? Who is that man she let into her home? A detective whose own son was abducted grapples with strange experiences and missing children in NW Montana Marsha P. Johnson was a drag queen, sex worker, and LGBT activist who fought at Stonewall and knew Andy Warhol.  She was a New York fixture who made her motto her middle name: "Pay it no mind". This documentary about her life includes the last interview she gave before the suspicious circumstances of her death in 1992. Didac spent a long time preparing his new trick and he is finally showing it to Miguel. Two drifters bum around, visit earthy women and discuss opening a car wash in Pittsburgh.  FBI agent Joel Campbell, burnt-out and shell-shocked after years spent chasing serial killers, flees L.A. to begin a new life for himself in Chicago. But five months later, Joel's best laid plans are abruptly cut short when his new hometown becomes the setting for some particularly gruesome murders--murders that could only have been committed by one man: David Allen Griffin. One of Joel's most elusive and cunning nemeses, Griffin has followed his former pursuer to Chicago in order to play a sadistic game of cat and mouse. Taunting Joel with photographs of his intended victims and leaving his crime scenes meticulously free of clues in order to keep the police at bay, Griffin derives as much pleasure out of watching Joel react to every movement as watching his victims die. But when Griffin moves into Joel's inner circle, Joel must quickly find some way to stop him before someone close to him becomes the next one to die. A writer for a greeting card company learns the true meaning of loneliness when he comes home to find his girlfriend in bed with another man. After being part of a ritual, a nun will discover a secret that can endanger all those around her. A listless and alienated teenager decides to help his new friend win the class presidency in their small western high school, while he must deal with his bizarre family life back home. Filmmaker Barbet Schroeder shows the Ugandan dictator meeting his Cabinet, reviewing his troops, explaining his ideology. When police couldn't tackle a mysterious incident involving his girlfriend, Sanjay decides to fight his own battle and get the truth out. What follows next? Four stories. One mystery. Ever since Vivek got married to college sweetheart Ann, he hasn't been in touch with his childhood friends. Four years later, Ann invites his friends for a surprise reunion to their pre-independence era bungalow which is rumoured to be haunted. With its interplay of shadow and light, of paint in movement, BLUE LIKE A GUNSHOT is a work of great visual power. It is also a reflection on our world. In its evocation of the conflict between civilization and nature, the absurd vanity of human warfare contrasts with the harmony of the natural world. Ratanpur is a nail-biting Gujarati thriller where the protagonist, an IPS officer recently posted in the village of Ratanpur, is faced with his life's toughest challenge - a murder that will change his life forever. 'Wandering Star' starts with a text about the punk band Los Fiambres, which made just one cult record in 1984: El lado oscuro del R & R (The Dark Side of Rock & Roll). Gracia follows Los Fiambres vocalist Rober Perdut more than thirty years later. He meets a photographer for a photo session in a bus station, is looking for drugs and loses someone named Roni (Rober's surname does not coincidentally mean 'disappeared, lost'). Rober sniffs coke from a Johnny Cash CD and is sailed to an island. In other scenes, we follow the photographer, who sometimes disappears mysteriously. On the night of the Hong Kong 1967 Leftist Riots, Butterfly Yiu was given an accidental chance to perform the final show when the original and star performer, Pak Long, was stranded at another venue. This started a chain of events that will change the four character's lives forever.  A muggy summer of 2009, reality and memory tangled together, water from the canal soaked everyone in those vanishing days. Satsuki Takashima's father Rokuro Shinonome has been missing for twenty five years. She obtains information and a lead and travels to a village to find the missing man. She finds her father and finds out he has a new family now. The film follows one day in the lives of the Tyrone family, each member is troubled and has been damaged by alcohol and/or drugs. In addition, they have issues with each other that lead to fights and an inability to reconcile completely with one another. After a conflict with his boss, Economics analyst Igor is sent to a journalist business trip. Location is chosen randomly: it is a small Far Eastern Kuril island, Russia. There he meets with a charming and beautiful young woman who is a leader of a mysterious community consisted of 12 people. They do not remember how they have appeared on the island and do not know about Moscow and where Russia is. Enchanted by a woman and the local nature the character got lost more and more deeply into a life of the community. In a time he realizes that the island and its residents have a well-kept secret and that his arrival to the island was not an accident. The true story of fraudulent Washington, D.C. journalist Stephen Glass, who rose to meteoric heights as a young writer in his 20s, becoming a staff writer at The New Republic for three years. Looking for a short cut to fame, Glass concocted sources, quotes and even entire stories, but his deception did not go unnoticed forever, and eventually, his world came crumbling down. Forlorn heiress Penelope Wilhern is cursed, and the only way out is to fall in love with someone of suitable stock. But how can she find her soul mate when she's sequestered inside her family's estate with only her parents to keep her company. This untraditional fairy tale about a girl who bucks convention to create her own happy ending. This new medium of expression is the Absolute Film. Here the artist creates a world of color, form, movement and sound in which the elements are in a state of controllable flux, the two materials (visual and aural) being subject to any conceivable interrelation and modification. Six strangers find themselves in circumstances beyond their control, and must use their wits to survive. Set in a 19th-century european village, this stop-motion animation feature follows the story of Victor, a young man whisked away to the underworld and wed to a mysterious corpse bride, while his real bride Victoria waits bereft in the land of the living. Driving cross-country, Ray and his wife and daughter stop at a highway rest area where his daughter falls and breaks her arm. After a frantic rush to the hospital and a clash with the check-in nurse, Ray is finally able to get her to a doctor. While the wife and daughter go downstairs for an MRI, Ray, exhausted, passes out in a chair in the lobby. Upon waking up, they have no record or knowledge of Ray's family ever being checked in. Made at the time of the opening of the Gotthard Tunnel--the longest underground rail section, the self-proclaimed "safest tunnel in the world"--the film was shot in a segment designed for evacuation exercises, and for tourist visits. A chance for safety experts, a therapist who uses hypnosis to overcome tunnel phobia, an actor who suffers from this phobia herself, or even an entrepreneur convinced of the future of underground transport to meet. Chandra Mukhi is an angel who lands on earth in search of her magic wand. She must get it before a devil named Dhola lays his hands on it. A young camgirl discovers that she's inexplicably been replaced on her site with an exact replica of herself. During 1960-90s, several theaters and public spaces in Seoul and other cities, such as Pagoda theater, Keukdong theater, and Seongdong theater, had been appropriated as the crucial 'cruising spot' by male sexual minorities. Now the main stage of cruising has moved from the physical spaces to the virtual fields. It seems there is no spatial validity as the Cruising Spot any longer. A young business elite Xiaonian Zhong, was imprisoned in a house! Everyday, a mysterious man will reveal one of his darkest secrets to the world. At the same time, his wife, friends and business partners were all been dragged into this incident one after another. Being imprisoned, how will Zhong combat this challenging situation? How will he escape from the house and fight the mysterious man and complete the salvation? A talented theatre director has been expelled from the capital for two years. And he has been sent to a small provincial theatre where he wants to put a play that his thoughts are obsessed with. This play talks about people who are being constantly watched and are living in constant fear of punishment. Gradually, the nightmares of the play begin to move into the life of the troupe... Kevin Carson is a young man living in the projects who has to survive a three-day weekend after his opportunistic neighbors find out he's holding a winning lottery ticket worth $370 million The mystical and thrilling drama asks what sort of reality can give our life meaning. The film tells the story of Pia (38), an ophthalmologist, whose marriage has recently ended because she was not able to have children. As she strives to move forward with her life, Pia learns the unknown but also finds her inner strength. Unexpectedly, her deepest wish to become a mother materializes, but not quite in the way she imagined it. Middle-aged widower Tetsuro finds an unconscious, homeless young man on the riverbank in his small seaside town. Offering him room in his home, Tetsuro and the man who calls himself Shinichi develop a father-son dynamic, despite the secrets that linger between them. The Great Dante, a prestigious magician, accidentally dies during a risky magic trick. Thirty-five years later, his son Lorenzo, also a magician, presents a show at one of the city's most important theaters. From this point on, a series of murders will begin to occur that someone tries to pin on him. Lorenzo will have to find out who it is and why this person wants to implicate him Michael has a routine. Every day at noon, he heads to his favorite local park where he sits and enjoys the sun on the same bench. However, this time is slightly different, he is greeted by a mysterious woman who soon seems to know everything about him. However, he doesn't recall ever meeting her. A screenwriter recruits a group of eccentric characters to go and find a missing teenage girl, with the intention of turning the search into a true story script. After the events in the previous film, Secret Service agent Mike Banning finds himself framed for an assassination attempt on the President. Pursued by his own agency and the FBI, Banning races to clear his name and uncover the real terrorist threat which has set its sights on Air Force One. After thirty years of marriage, a middle-aged couple attends an intense, week-long counseling session to work on their relationship. Set against the real-life contemporary art world, Female Human Animal is a psycho-thriller about a creative woman disenchanted with what modern life has to offer her. When her husband keels over from a stroke, Raynelle Slocumb calls the entire clan together to remember their dearly departed. Family tensions reach a comedic boil as the wildly dysfunctional Slocumbs squabble and fight their way to the funeral. After stealing a gangster's money and his girlfriend, a doctor heads for a small village in Mexico to hide out. A Nightmare Pierrot escapes his boring society and travels from Paris to the Mediterranean Sea with Marianne, a girl chased by hit-men from Algeria. They lead an unorthodox life, always on the run. A random invitation to a Halloween party leads a man into the hands of a rogue collective intent on murdering him for the sake of their art, sparking a bloodbath of mishap, mayhem and hilarity. A jealous musician kills his wife and frames a cab driver. Makiko Hayami (Masami Hisamoto) works hard at a large company and she is single. She has a secret that she can't tell anyone. Her secret is that she is known as a charismatic goddess on a website where underwear are hidden on the street and hints are given about its location. One day, she meets Aoi (Tomomi Itano) who sleeps in the park. Aoi runs the blog "Husband Revenge Site." Ja-yoon is a high school student who struggles with memory loss after she endured some unknown trauma during her childhood. While trying to uncover the truth, she is unwittingly dragged into a world of crime and finds herself on a journey that will awaken many secrets hidden deep within. Beautiful, mysterious - the occult history Jack Angel uncovers in the city of Bath is astonishing. But the discoveries become increasingly creepy and disturbing - and the 'final revelation... The movie is directed by Santhossh Jagarlapudi and produced by Dheeraj Boggaram and Beeram Sudhakar Reddy under the banner Taurus Cinecorp.https://www.themoviedb.org/movie/new?language=en-US#next After self righteous rockstar Jonny Splatter puts a bullet in his own head, only five people are chosen to attend the reading of Splatter's will. The manager, the shrink, the guitarist, the lover, and the groupie. Will they get what they came for or what Splatter thinks they deserve?  Convinced that his life is in jeopardy, Satyakam, the son of a business magnate hailing from Mussoorie, approaches Byomkesh with a plea for help. The legendary detective soon heads to Mussoorie, where he finds out that the youngsters worst fears have come true. Can Byomkesh unravel the mystery shrouding Satyakam's murder before it is too late? Five stories center on a werewolf, a feudal landlord, peasants, a ghost, and a mother and her sons. Elizabeth is an orphan, raised in a convent, who is loved by all. Yet, one night, the good-natured teenager is found dead under mysterious circumstances. Her death throws the students of her college into the throes of a protest lead by her best friend and confidante Mikki. Elizabeth's life is then opened up threadbare to find what killed her. During the last two years of her life, Princess Diana (Naomi Watts) campaigns against the use of land mines and has a secret love affair with a Pakistani heart surgeon (Naveen Andrews). Five strangers who met online decide to shoot a short film in an old mansion but instead experience paranormal activity during their activities. A lonely construction worker from China goes missing at a Singapore land reclamation site, and a sleepless police investigator must put himself in the mind of the migrant to uncover the truth beneath all that sand. When Bobby's car breaks down in the desert while on the run from some of the bookies who have already taken two of his fingers, he becomes trapped in the nearby small town where the people are stranger than anyone he's encountered. After becoming involved with a young married woman, her husband hires Bobby to kill her. Later, she hires Bobby to kill the husband. Soon after Gogol's death, Binh names him guilty for the deaths of the Cossacks and the young women at the hands of the Dark Horseman, since he was the one who ordered them to be hidden in the barn. Bomgart is unable to perform a post-mortem analysis on the Gogol's body, while Vakula's daughter Vasilina (who secretly has magic abilities) proclaims denial about Gogol's demise. Two young lovers learn that a small group of child-like space aliens are marooned on Earth and are being held prisoner at a top secret military facility. The couple then decide to liberate the extraterrestrial castaways and help them make a rendezvous with a rescue ship sent from the alien home planet. A cop, who is on leave, is asked to re-open an old case that deals with the death of a young boy and girl. As his probe hits a brick wall, he reads his wife's short story that curiously resembles the lives of those he has been investigating. M is a work of art that explores the relationship between sexuality and death. These two appear to be at opposite poles, but in fact they merge in all of us, disguising the fear of death or the desire to die, the world of Eros. In M the character of Marilyn Monroe should be seen as a symbol of this interpenetration. The actress's death is as famous as her sexuality and thus sets a perfect example of how the ancient bond between sex and death is being forever mystified and exploited by the popular culture. M attempts to explore this phenomenon in a much more personal level. A man obsessed with conspiracy theories becomes a target after one of his theories turns out to be true. Unfortunately, in order to save himself, he has to figure out which theory it is. Hallie Parker and Annie James are identical twins separated at a young age because of their parents' divorce. unknowingly to their parents, the girls are sent to the same summer camp where they meet, discover the truth about themselves, and then plot with each other to switch places. Hallie meets her mother, and Annie meets her father for the first time in years. When a mysterious "John Doe" wakes up in a morgue and wanders into a psychiatric ward, a devoted doctor and curious medical examiner must slowly uncover dark and sinister secrets about the man that reveal a more horrifying truth than they could have ever imagined. On August 5, 1947 an astounding announcement was made: Dr. F. Bruce Russell, a retired doctor from Cincinnati, had found a cave with giant mummified remains and artifacts from a lost civilization. Fifteen years earlier a miner broke through a mine shaft and into a tunnel of caverns, which he claimed led to the remains of an ancient people. And before that, one of the men who hauled borax in the big wagons also stumbled upon a cavern with remnants of a forgotten and lost race. All of these accounts take place in Death Valley, the deepest, driest, hottest place in America's Mojave Desert. Filmmaker and Historian Ted Faye takes you on a journey to discover whether there really are caverns of gold and mummies in this most famous desert valley. Included is spectacular scenery, aerial photography, archival footage and photographs, historical reenactments and interviews. Joaquin likes to hang around with friends, smoke pot and watch films. One night, Josefine stays with him and they have sex. The next day she is gone, leaving blood in the bathtub. After that, strange things start to happen to Joaquin. A fortune teller tells him the shocking truth. A daring, scary and disorienting debut with a fresh voice and a stoner sense of humour. In the quaint little village of Qala, Gozo, Emily Edevane was abandoned with her three little children by her husband. Four decades later, a Maltese documentary crew agrees to spend a day at their now desolate and decaying House to find out why nobody seems to have heard of them since. "All I'll share about A SELF-INDUCED HALLUCINATION is this: it's about the internet, and it's quite strange." -Dir. Dan Schoenbrun Expectante is a fiction that emulates some apparently dangerous situations evoking the constant paranoia of an insecurity city's people. A movie about a young honors student-turned-anarchist, Puck, and his group of anarchist friends living peacefully in a Dallas commune until a nihilist, Johnny Black, appears with The Anarchist Cookbook and completely destroys their way of life. Felicia, a woman who is feeling uninspired by her filmmaking career and spiraling into a comedic depression, starts seeing a therapist, at her best friend Max's recommendation. Soon, she becomes enamored with this new woman in her life, but when things eventually start to feel off, she wonders who this woman really is Jimi, a young man living in the Brussels' neighbourhood Cite Modele, tries to pass on a parcel to a local woman that was delivered to his apartment by mistake. When Jimi can't locate her, finding her becomes an obsession.  Seven years after their first infatuated encounter, Abril and Manuel meet again. Despite the fact that they are both married, it is soon apparent that their attraction has only grown. Rootwood follows two students who host 'The Spooky Hour', a podcast about paranormal phenomena and urban legends. When they are hired by a Hollywood film producer to shoot a horror documentary about the curse of The Wooden Devil, they smell their chance to become famous. Together, with their friend, they enter Rootwood Forest and investigate the area to find out the truth about The Wooden Devil and his victims. A 25 years old homeless girl, Shiho, living in an internet cafe, runs into a blind fortune teller, who insists that they had met 25 years ago. Figuring out who that actually was, turns out to be a journey in search for her identity. Counselors are being killed off at summer camp, and Sam (Fran Kranz) is stuck in the middle of it. Instead of contacting the cops, he calls his friend and slasher-film expert (Alyson Hannigan) to discuss his options. A novelist's wife and son see him changed by an apparent encounter with aliens in the mountains. The Freeling family move in with Diane's mother in an effort to escape the trauma and aftermath of Carol Anne's abduction by the Beast. But the Beast is not to be put off so easily and appears in a ghostly apparition as the Reverend Kane, a religeous zealot responsible for the deaths of his many followers. His goal is simple - he wants the angelic Carol Anne. Based on true events. On the edges of Las Vegas, 17-year-old Andrew's life is spiraling out of control. Unable to cope with the loss of his father, Andrew's descent into drugs and violence is gaining momentum, and the once promising young man is now headed for self-destruction. Andrew's mother, helpless to control her son and fighting an addiction of her own, refuses to watch idly as her only child destroys himself. As a last resort, she hires a private company to forcibly kidnap and confine him in a locked-down and corrupt psychiatric hospital. As Andrew is subjected to the secret physical and emotional abuses of the program something inside him is re-awakened. He must somehow get free to save what's left of his life, but to do that, he knows he must first face his own demons head-on. A group of drunk students kills a person in road accident and disposes the body. The ghost of deceased starts to get revenge. In order to impress his beautiful French neighbor, Dylan Ramsey dognaps her pet pooch so he can return him and become a hero. How do you wake up a sleeping puppet? Made by Trnka in collaboration with actor and puppeteer Josef Pehr, this winsome mix of live action and puppet play is enchanting entertainment for the youngest of viewers. Emmy who lives in the UK, comes to India to organised a real life game. The game is launched in India. 5 players from 5 states participate in it to win Rs. 2 Crore. Three young boys and two beautiful girls become the part of the game. Mystical thriller about an investigation carried out by three characters into the disappearance of the residents of a small town. The film is characterized by a twisted plot and alternating main suspects until, at the end of the film, the viewers are presented with a strikingly different version of the story. It is the second film by Marius Pocevicius, in which an ironic and absurd world is created and complex narrative wings that involve the viewer throughout the film's time. When Claire Spencer starts hearing ghostly voices and seeing spooky images, she wonders if an otherworldly spirit is trying to contact her. All the while, her husband tries to reassure her by telling her it's all in her head. But as Claire investigates, she discovers that the man she loves might know more than he's letting on. Christmas Eve. On his way to his in-laws with his family, Frank Harrington decides to try a shortcut, for the first time in 20 years. It turns out to be the biggest mistake of his life. Troubled artist Cassie suffers with reoccurring visions of murder, which she copes with by committing the violent acts to canvas. But when her visions begin to manifest in real life, her friends and family begin to turn up dead. Realizing her visions actually provide a direct link to the killer, Cassie must now confront her own past in order to stop the murders and save herself. Admiral James T. Kirk is feeling old; the prospect of accompanying his old ship the Enterprise on a two week cadet cruise is not making him feel any younger. But the training cruise becomes a life or death struggle when Khan escapes from years of exile and captures the power of creation itself. In order to forget the death of Paul, the man of her life, Korine leaves Paris for a few weeks, to direct a report in Mongolia. Her meeting with the shaman Oyun will change her life: Korine has a rare gift that Oyun intends to unveil. Korine will agree to start a journey of discovery, which will lead her to discover a new culture, ancestral and forgotten ways, but most importantly herself. The inside story of the 1998 HIV outbreak that tore through the San Fernando Valley adult film industry told by the people who experienced it. Using archival footage and exclusive, original interviews with such recognizable adult performers as Ron Jeremy, Ginger Lynn, Marc Wallice and Tricia Devereaux among other, the film goes behind the scenes of the porn industry as it confronted a deadly disease which was a threat to it's very existence. "In the center of a freezing, misty lake, a struggling writer's solitary fishing trip is disrupted by a strange creature from the bottom of a whiskey bottle."  The financial analysis of a Chinese IT firm has been stolen, and a senior executive at the investment bank that wrote it must pay a ransom before the confidential report is released to the public. However, eyebrows are raised when the thieves ask for a surprisingly low amount for the ransom. What are the thieves really after? This movie is about a group game and there is some new persons in game that will make them pay. A young Greek photographer boards and an elevator of a very very very very tall building and goes up. Plagued with guilt over the recent murder of his mother, Father Harris takes a desolate country road on his way home from a night of heavy drinking. Startled by a crippled woman in the middle of the street and with no help in sight, the priest follows her deep into the woods where a mysterious cult surrounds him but inexplicably lets him go. Haunted by visions, Father Harris further questions his faith and delves deeper into investigating the demonic cult to satisfy his own morbid curiosity. What he finds is a maelstrom of unmitigated chaos that sends him into insanity and slowly pushes him face to face with pure evil in this chilling horror thriller. Documentary on the experiences of the hostages and captors when the American embassy in Iran was captured for 14 months in 1979. Zhou Yue  and her boyfriend Shi Li Song  came to the villa for a holiday at the beach. However, the behavior of the female landlord is extremely weird. The room where the room is staying is full of strange decorations, which makes her fall into the trap. Inexplicable fear. Soon, strange things happened one after another. Zhou Yue discovered the hidden secret space in the villa and was forced to fall into an infinite loop. As the vague memory becomes clearer, the unresolved demons will drive her to make new choices. Roommates Yoo-jin, Eun-soo, Bo-ram, and Da-young are cramming for a college entrance exam. It's difficult for them to adapt to the stifling atmosphere of the women's lodging institute - and to get along with each other due to their differing personalities. Yoo-jin has the most difficulty with the stuffy institute life. she begins to have visions of events that took place at the institute in the past - like the tragic fire that occurred years ago. Yoo-jin gradually becomes consumed with fear, and the relationship among the four intimate friends begins to suffer. A sheriff's son is falsely accused of murder, and a friend determines to clear his name and find the real killer. After marrying a successful Parisian writer known commonly as Willy, Sidonie-Gabrielle Colette is transplanted from her childhood home in rural France to the intellectual and artistic splendor of Paris. Soon after, Willy convinces Colette to ghostwrite for him. She pens a semi-autobiographical novel about a witty and brazen country girl named Claudine, sparking a bestseller and a cultural sensation. After its success, Colette and Willy become the talk of Paris and their adventures inspire additional Claudine novels. Harry, a famous scientist, is mistaken for an escaped lunatic. The story starts because of one journey. Seven people who have never met before climb aboard the same ride that goes into a seemingly endless tunnel. Despite the countless trials, corpses that mysteriously appear, past acquaintances that returned from the dead and an unseen danger threatening to swallow them whole, it's as if they are trapped in an enclosed space where there is no escape. In 1984, a young programmer begins to question reality as he adapts a dark fantasy novel into a video game. A mind-bending tale with multiple endings. Young and active nationalist Aleksander Keskula makes up his mind to use Lenin, the Bolsheviks' leader, in order to start a revolution in Russia with German money and create a new national state of Estonia in the north-east of Russia. For security reasons, five counterparts will be found and trained for Lenin; all of them are finally sent to Russia for participating in the revolution. How will the real Lenin put up with all this? How will the surrounding women and fellow fighters react? These are the questions clever Keskula is asking - and the answers will be born even before those involved start thinking of the matter. A beautiful young spy moves back to her rural home and solves mysteries with the help of her home-schooled childhood friends. This is Litost, a Taxi Driver inspired dark drama psychological horror that focuses a lot on the social alienation/isolation, tedium, frustration and problems people my age experience in the U.S. and how the everyday frustrations people in their 20s face can seem crushing in the moment. This comes to a head with the results of letting problems, tedium and frustrations pile up on a already unstable mind. For Pablo Escobar family is everything. When young surfer Nick falls for Escobar's niece, Maria, he finds his life on the line when he's pulled into the dangerous world of the family business. The actress Ming Yi (Xue Jianing) is a blind single mother who runs her own flower shop with her daughter Huanhuan. After being treated by ophthalmologist Gao Mu (Chen Haomin), Mingyi is able to see the light again. In order to make her and her daughter have a new beginning of bt4k.com, Mingyi moved into a centuries old house with the help of Takagi, but did not expect that the mother and daughter were also involved in a series of strange things. . Can not keep true love when blindness, eyes can not tell when true, this heavy door hidden behind what is what Juan (Roland ornaments) want to keep secret secretly? Thinking he can overshadow an unknown actress in the part, an egocentric actor unknowingly gets a witch cast in an upcoming television remake of the classic show "Bewitched". AJUWAYA - THE HAUNTED VILLAGE is a story of what happens when 6 corp members get posted to a remote village in Osun state and awaken an age long evil. - my9jatv.com Rachel Watson, devastated by her recent divorce, spends her daily commute fantasizing about the seemingly perfect couple who live in a house that her train passes every day, until one morning she sees something shocking happen there and becomes entangled in the mystery that unfolds. Musical based on SIKSA's album is a performative dream of making a movie come true, where both the dream and the movie are like chewing gum that has been tasteless for too long. A nostalgic invitation to a dancing story about a girl returning to her childhood, when she dressed up as different women using her mother's wardrobe, and all the roles she played were to please herself. This film is a tool for reconstructing the scenes from the youth, as well as a baroque farewell to all the glitter and unicorns. Stabat Mater Dolorosa is like a bayonet slashing through modern times. She gives us micro-performances with all her body, and at her own risk. SIKSA's music is the scenario rejected, grinded, spat out, negated and intensified by the characters. Piotr Macha's camera is one of the murder weapons that SIKSA would like to use to fuck up the modern reality. It's a language of art that SIKSA has been using almost unnoticed since 2014. 