Growing up as identical twin sisters, Lora and Ashley Gerritson always had a special psychic bond. When one would feel pain, sorrow or happiness, the other felt it too. Lora's life is suddenly changed when she begins to receive chilling visions from her sister, Ashley. Something is horribly wrong...she can feel it. An adventure film with Benshi performers. Sometimes considered the 'first Japanese feature film', it survives today as a compilation of scenes from various different 1910s adaptations totaling nearly three hours in length. The bulk of the content comes from the 1911 adaptation by legendary Japanese filmmaker Makino Shozo. Virginia is proud that she belongs to a clique. The best students at a private school. But before her 18th birthday, a grueling set of murders take place and her friends are the ones who are falling prey. Could it be her? She suffers from blackouts due to a freak accident one year earlier. We soon learn the truth behind her accident and what is going on... The world of a lonely deaf Parisian taxidermist is turned upside down and back to front when a dead pigeon arrives on his doorstep. A Czechoslovakian avant-garde film. A visual symphony of Prague by night. no movie overview Hollywood stuntman falls in love with a big name actress but still wants to pursue his risky career. The women gives him a choice-the stunts or her. He chooses the stunts and still manages to get her. Jean-Marie is the eldest son of a large family, of which the Dutch father bought a mountain in the French Pyrenees in 1948. Now he is a pastor for 25 villages located in the area. Jean-Marie speaks of the harsh rejection by the great love of his youth in the village of Olette, his subsequent taking of the cloth as well as his spiritual love for his neighbour later in life. With his simplicity, openness and humour he manages to move us all. At the age of 75, he makes a drastic decision that leaves everyone baffled. Recordings from 2004 until 2010 in the Eastern Pyrenees. A poem about grief and the artificial, a copy of a copy of a copy, a therapeutic slow cinema meditation on solitude and the psychoanalytic and healing aspects of karaoke and all it implies, its emotional mechanics, modern art as endless duplication, the Real within the "false". A love letter to Japan, channelling Marker and Benning into a spiritual reimagining of a Totoro hunt, a Shinto funeral rite for ghosts caught between worlds, and ideally, an antidote to Matsumoto's Atman.  Featuring the Steamroom compositions of Jim O'Rourke. Julie Taymor's dazzling production returns to select cinemas this holiday season in an encore presentation of the company's first-ever Live in HD transmission. James Levine conducts a winning ensemble including Matthew Polenzani, Nathan Gunn, and Rene Pape in this abridged, English-language version of Mozart's classic fable. In celebration of her upcoming new album Hymn, best-selling soprano Sarah Brightman is in cinemas with an incredible performance. HYMN: Sarah Brightman In Concert was captured live for the big screen from the Festspielhaus in the enchanted Bavarian Alps, known for the historic and captivating Neuschwanstein Castle.  Staged in two acts, the performance is a hybrid of a musical film, a classical-crossover program and a large-scale concert production. Brightman is accompanied by her band, the Munich orchestra, a 50-voice choir and the Ludwig Ensemble of dancers. The concert was conceived and created by Sarah Brightman, Anthony Von Laast (Mamma Mia, Beauty and the Beast), and Frank Peterson (Enigma, Andrea Bocelli).  Filmed using state-of-the-art video and audio technologies, cinema audiences will also enjoy an exclusive "making of" feature. Allegiance to Broadway follows Jay Kuo and Lorenzo Thione along with the Broadway musical Allegiance's creative team from page to stage as they grapple with the tough subject matter of this shameful period in American history, and their obligation to maintaining and furthering George Takei's legacy.  From rehearsals to marketing meetings and everywhere in between, this documentary sheds a light on the tough nature of show business and the creative decisions that all Broadway producers must face when trying to navigate the rough waters of the Great White Way. Added value to include a 3-5 minute trailer enticing people to come and see the film. It will interviews with George and the creative team. An ordinary man is called upon by God to do the impossible in this lovingly told production of the Old Testament story. When the Pharaoh of Egypt begins to tighten the noose on his Jewish slaves, Moses (Ben Kingsley) leads them to freedom. Philip Stone, Anthony Higgins, Anton Lesser and Anita Zagaria are featured in this award-winning installment from TNT's "greatest stories of the Bible" series directed by Roger Young.  After failing to get into the police academy, Chris Potamitis settles for a security guard job with an armoured truck company. After he makes the mistake of mentioning the company's lax security to his best friend, He's unwittingly drawn into an elaborate scheme to rob the abundant amounts of cash being stored on their premises--resulting in the largest cash heist in U.S.history. This nature/science documentary, showcases the vast and beautifully intricate planet on which we live. Produced in a fully cinematic style, the film presents a wide variety of ingeniously designed creatures from around the world in a way that will fascinate audiences of any age. Through a vividly powerful experience the audience is intended to develop a greater understanding of and appreciation for the Creator's workmanship and personality. The documentary focuses on some of the world's celebrity critters (mega fauna), but also draws attention to some of the often-overlooked inhabitants of the everyday. From slugs to sharks to vipers and elephants, Dr. Gordon Wilson will host well-known scientists and experts to open eyes to the glory of creation.  A stylish suspense thriller that confounds the audience while presenting them with an extraordinary and elusive mystery. Max is a former playboy who has decided to settle down by marrying his current love, Muriel. However, during a business trip, Max catches a glimpse of the great lost love of his life, reviving his wanderlust and sending him off on a chase of the elusive Lisa, whom he had overheard suggesting to a friend that her lover, Daniel, had killed someone for her. Soon, Max is trying to unravel the mystery behind the suspicious death of Daniel's wife, which he hopes will lead him closer to Lisa. The adventures of a group of Texas teens on their last day of school in 1976, centering on student Randall Floyd, who moves easily among stoners, jocks and geeks. Floyd is a star athlete, but he also likes smoking weed, which presents a conundrum when his football coach demands he sign a "no drugs" pledge.  Seer 6 is a Chinese animated fantasy adventure film based on the online game of the same name.  A low-ranking yakuza is given the mission to kill a high-ranking yakuza from a rival group. Wanting recognition, he accepts the assignment, only to meet an enthusiastic office lady. Caius Martius, aka Coriolanus, is an arrogant and fearsome general who has built a career on protecting Rome from its enemies. Pushed by his ambitious mother to seek the position of consul, Coriolanus is at odds with the masses and unpopular with certain colleagues. When a riot results in his expulsion from Rome, Coriolanus seeks out his sworn enemy, Tullus Aufidius. Together, the pair vow to destroy the great city. Cui Kai is a has-been writer and lives in his distressed apartment, unemployed. One day he receives an exciting job offer from an editor-to create a horror series. Kai has finally completed the horror series. The book becomes an immediate hit. However, fame does not make Kai any happier. Every story in his book is inextricably intertwined with his own life. He himself has a personality split and the obese man is in fact his other self that he is afraid of. Kai is able to eventually defeat his dark side and obtain a complete and wholesome personality. All the characters Cui Kai created are the split personalities of himself during his time in the asylum.  2014 marked the 40th Anniversary of KANSAS! The classic lineup reunited, for the first time in more than 30 years, to relive the incredible, untold story of one of the most successful American rock bands. The Feature film includes in-depth interviews with all 6 original members along with Brian May (Queen), David Wild (Rolling Stone), Garth Brooks, and many more! Here how "Dust in the Wind" was just a passing comment away from never being recorded and how "free beer" changed their lives forever! Dearth Voyd, the ruler of the dark side of the universe, wants to turn the human world into a place of violence and evil!! However, a huge meteor falls upon Flower-Fruit mountain giving birth to Kongo, a monkey made of stone! Kongo, now sets out on his quest to fight evil and restore order to a desperate land. Episodes 1-3  The events focus around a crisis hotline business on one crazy night during the Christmas holidays.  A British spy ship has sunk and on board was a hi-tech encryption device. James Bond is sent to find the device that holds British launching instructions before the enemy Soviets get to it first. Winnie, in her late twenties, certified as an old maid when she is dumped by her boyfriend and bullied by her colleagues. Koo is a rich womanizer tycoon ruthless in his business dealings. In his latest take over Koo's action led to death threats by a former employee. For security Koo and his assistant, Ryan to switch identity. Koo as a commoner met Winnie and falls for her as she is the first true person to like him not for his riches. What happens when Winnie release Koo's real identity? The two pigs building houses of hay and sticks scoff at their brother, building the brick house. But when the wolf comes around and blows their houses down (after trickery like dressing as a foundling sheep fails), they run to their brother's house. And throughout, they sing the classic song, "Who's Afraid of the Big Bad Wolf?". Eight drug addicts are waiting for their connection in a New York apartment belonging to Leach. Jim Dunn, a budding filmmaker, has agreed to pay for the fix if the addicts will allow him to film the connection scene. After the men get their shots, they talk Dunn into trying heroin in order to understand the subject "first hand." He becomes ill and while sleeping, Leach takes an overdose that puts him into a coma. Dunn recovers, with the aid of the connection, and writes off the film as a failure. Offbeat but endearing romantic comedy about unlikely match-up (by computer dating) of straitlaced Dooley, under the thumb of overbearing father, and singer Heflin, whose life is wrapped up with her familial rock group. Documentary about the life and career of Swedish film director Jan Troell.   As Ernest prepares to hibernate, Celestine goes in search of the perfect ingredients to make him a batch of yummy cookies Set against the stunning medieval backdrop of the town square in Andre's Dutch hometown, the spectacular Maastricht  concert features the maestro in his element, along with his 60-piece Johann Strauss Orchestra, sopranos, tenors and very special guests. Andre delivers an unforgettable musical experience full of humor, fun and emotion for all ages.  This year is a very special year because it is exactly 30 years ago that Andre Rieu started his Johann Strauss Orchestra in his home town of Maastricht. From a small group of musicians  rehearsing in the classroom of Andre's son's primary school to stadiums and concert halls around the world - what a journey it has been! Take a front row seat and experience this spectacular musical event on the big screen. Enjoy backstage access, interviews with Andre and his special guests, musical favourites and much, much more, exclusive to cinema.  The Joker is aided in his Halloween quest to render modern technology useless and take over Gotham City by Solomon Grundy, Silver Banshee, Clayface and Scarecrow.  In the beautiful Yunding Village, the young village chief, who is passionate about the people, encountered a series of thorny issues during the preparation of an international mountain marathon race in the village. He will make choices and insist on behalf of the collective and individual. Faced with the temptation of interest, the test of family ties, and the doubts in the ears, Fang will struggle to cross the thorns under his feet and run forward for his dreams.  Writer-director Kenny Blank centers this horrific festival of fright on the character of Dan Cain, a medical student with good grades and a great girl. But everything changes when Dan's creepy new roommate starts bringing dead animals back to life with a green-glowing serum. Chaz Lamar Shepherd (who later played a recurring role on the WB's family-friendly drama "7th Heaven") appears in a bit part as a college student. Four teens on the run from an orphanage spring a fellow orphan recently adopted by a rich family, then trash the whole house. This DVD features the Bruce Soord 5.1 channel surround sound remix of Katatonia's 'The Great Cold Distance' album. David is discharged from the army after serving for 27 years. He returns to his home and family after being distanced from them for years, and tries to find himself in his new civilian life. He believes that, like his friends who retired from the military before him, he too will find his way in some managerial position in the private sector, but he has difficulties adapting to the pace of the "new Israel", a competitive culture obsessed with success and money. American nurse, Karen Davis moves to Tokyo and encounters a vengeful supernatural spirit known as The Grudge that often possesses its victims. When a series of horrifying and mysterious deaths occur - with the spirit passing its curse onto each victim - Karen must find away to break the spell before she becomes the spirit's next victim. In this tragic melodrama, a man who has been hiding his Nazi past has it come back to haunt him when his hippie daughter, whom he disapproves of, comes back to bond with her daughter, whom he's been raising. Meanwhile, he and his drinking buddy, a beer-truck driver, go on a jaunt to Poland to recover some gold fillings he had hidden years ago during the time when he worked in a concentration camp. The truck driver inadvertently leaves a filling lying around at home, and his mother immediately recognizes it for what it is. When she confronts him, he claims that "Jews don't mean anything to me" and she must then reveal his Jewish heritage to him: she was a housekeeper in a Jewish household and he was a child there whom she adopted during the Holocaust in order to save his life. The driver then confronts the wily old Nazi, who conceives a brutal scheme which will save his cozy life at the expense of the reputations of the driver and his granddaughter. A comedy about a hopeless trio who live to become robbers and hold hostages.   A Christian documentary about a German missionary Elisabeth Johanna Shepping also known as the Joseon Teresa; her beautiful life, sincere service and sacrifice to life.  Masha is an energetic three-year-old who lives in an old train station in the forest. Precocious, silly, and friendly with everyone she meets, this energetic girl can't seem to keep herself out of trouble.  Bear is a warm, fatherly figure that does his best to guide his friend and keep her from harm, often ending up the unintended victim of her misadventures. Though he enjoys his quiet time alone, he misses those moments when Masha is not around.  Together with a rag-tag group of friendly animals that have made the forest their home, Masha and the Bear entertains adults and children alike, teaching viewers about creativity, loyalty and true friendship. A union pensioner and his wife are robbed, but find that merely getting the assailants brought to justice is not enough for their consciences.  A psychiatrist tries to help a suicidal woman who despises her grown daughter.  Solomon's Temple in Jerusalem, reputed to be the source of the most esoteric knowledge in human history-has fascinated scholars, seekers and dreamers for centuries. For generations, scholars and researchers have tried in vain to discover the fabled Temple of Solomon, only to be confronted by one problem after another. Gnosis weaves a tale that is both profound and precise. Kokoro's school is teaming up with another to form a bazaar so they can sell/re-home gently used items everyone no longer uses around their homes. On her way from from school Tama Elder tells her that she and her Cocotama friends won a trip to the Cocotama World. Here they see how full fledged Cocotama gods work. Elder Tama asks for Kokoro's help in helping humans realize the value of their items instead of so easily tossing them away. But Tepple had snuck into the Cocotama world with the others and taken a key acorn which unlocks the Happy Tree that contains Happy Stars, the source of magic for their world. Elder Tama found out it was missing and the Cocotama gang try to track it down. He says that mushrooms are appearing on tossed away items that as they are born from the feelings of sadness, and they emit a negative energy that effects both humans and Cocotama. Kokoro and the Cocotama must heal Tepple's heart before the darkness consumes the human world. Ghost Bride tells the story of Jason Chen - a young chinese immigrant in New Zealand who keeps his love for Kiwi girl Skye secret from his disapproving mother Alice. Things quickly unravel as his mother introduces him to Madam Yin, a matchmaker who has a very special bride in mind for Jason - the mysterious and silent May Ling.   Featuring interviews with various Disney Legends and Historians, Great Big Beautiful Tomorrow looks at the various technologies Walt Disney used and developed over the course of his life. From creating the first sync sound animation in 1928 to his unrealized dream of E.P.C.O.T., an experimental city that passed on with him in 1966, this film shows Walt Disney as the futurist he truly was. Never three humble Colombian "Russians" (construction workers) imagined that they would see their idols of the Colombian National Team so close, so they had to travel so far to fulfill a promise. And it is that Russia is not around the corner. "Moth", "Freddy Beltran" and "Pantera", 3 Colombian Russians, were out of place, when unknowingly, they were confused by three malicious Moscow spies. They, although they had no cause to fall dead, were convinced that the Lord of Miracles would grant them the desire to travel to Russia to fulfill a promise and accompany their beloved team in the World Cup. These fun characters will have a trip to the other side of the world full of adventure, humor and action. Horror / mystery. We follow four overweight police sergeants, Kan (Sarun Shinsuwapala), Yoi (Pramote Pathan), Ao (Supachai Supprasert), and Pleum (Somyos Matures), as they struggle with their weight and physical demands of being part of the Thai law enforcement.  A story about friendship and the social stigma of being overweight, Oversize Cops presents a balanced case between the importance of staying fit and embracing chubbiness. It's a shout out to all who strives to stay fit while assuring those who prefer being a plus-size. All that matters is the bonds we share with the people who are important to us. A group of graduating students, head to a resort to celebrate. Once there, they start to encounter a series of bizarre and strange events. The first love of Su Liang, who died unexpectedly, starts to appear in visions and launches a bloody trail of vengeance on the friends. They panic and try to escape before an unsettling secret is unearthed. Lightning man and his friends head for the Island of Mysteries to recharge their Lightning Power. They plan on recharging using the power of memories from the Island of Mysteries but Najalan and Thejalan interfere with the quest and Lightning Man is in danger. Will Lightning Man get his lightnings recharged and return safely? A group of friends visit an ancient home and play a seemingly innocent and entertaining game to disastrous consequences. Fred C. Dobbs and Bob Curtin, both down on their luck in Tampico, Mexico in 1925, meet up with a grizzled prospector named Howard and decide to join with him in search of gold in the wilds of central Mexico. Through enormous difficulties, they eventually succeed in finding gold, but bandits, the elements, and most especially greed threaten to turn their success into disaster. Sins of Our Youth is the story of four teenagers who accidentally murder a younger boy while shooting off assault weapons recreationally and the perilous decisions they make in the wake of the murder.  The furious chase between an unemployed man, a delivery man, gangsters, a killer, and a cop has begun as they all try to put their hands on a gun and a golf bag filled with cash with different purposes. Working in Dr. Cranley's laboratory, scientist Jack Griffin was always given the latitude to conduct some of his own experiments. His sudden departure, however, has Cranley's daughter Flora worried about him. Griffin has taken a room at the nearby Lion's Head Inn, hoping to reverse an experiment he conducted on himself that made him invisible. But the experimental drug has also warped his mind, making him aggressive and dangerous. He's prepared to do whatever it takes to restore his appearance. Five different girls formed the most invincible "Iron" team in history. Lan Yiyi's sly male husband was inexplicably missing due to owing huge debts. The four sisters went through a series of ridiculous oolong incidents to help Lanyi's debts. They and a group of five people staged the "family" feelings of the ancient city of Beijing. Four battle-weary Crusaders take on a mission to track down the evil predator who has abducted all the men and children from a devastated village. Mercenaries leads from Kruger seize an entire city, and one man sets out to stop them. An actress is killed on the set of a horror movie, and her ghost begins to haunt the director, a former lover and her colleagues. In order to get rid of the curse, they organise a midnight movie showing in honour of her memory, not knowing what awaits them in the cinema trap... First generation K-pop boy group Sechskies look back on their 18 years as a K-pop idols and prepare for their 20-year anniversary. An Indian rug is the key to the location of a lost treasure.  When the rug's owner is murdered, it becomes a case for Forest Ranger Steve King A group of graduating students, head to a resort to celebrate. Once there, they start to encounter a series of bizarre and strange events. The first love of Su Liang, who died unexpectedly, starts to appear in visions and launches a bloody trail of vengeance on the friends. They panic and try to escape before an unsettling secret is unearthed. The triumphs and travails of six members of two single parent families in 19th century Yunnan. Inspired by his father's love of martial arts and its secrets, Siu Dung is determined to study and become a master. His protective mother disapproves, so he learns to excel at the academics she admires instead -- but he just can't shake his dream. He eventually starts boxing, learning the skills he needs from an esteemed master. Directed by Man Kei Chin, this actioner stars Biao Yuen, YoYo Mung and Bingbing Li. According to legend: If you call your name in the middle of the night, be sure to agree after the third sound, otherwise it will get lost. The village in the case of missing cases, such a curse spread, made... Anna is happily married. She has the perfect family. But one man will change it all. After a double-cornea transplant He Yiyi finally recovers her sight; six months later, however, her eyes are still giving her pain. Her ophthalmologist, says that is normal and maybe due to a part-rejection of the new corneas. He gives her some special dark glasses to help her recover; but she also starts having nightmares and visions, as well as losing her hair...  It sounded like just another urban legend: A videotape filled with nightmarish images, leading to a phone call foretelling the viewer's death in exactly seven days. As a newspaper reporter, Rachel Keller was naturally skeptical of the story, until four teenagers all met with mysterious deaths exactly one week after watching just such a tape. Allowing her investigative curiosity to get the better of her, Rachel tracks down the video... and watches it. Now she has just seven days to unravel the mystery of the Ring. Puppeteer Geppetto becomes a puppet himself after drinking an elixir that Pinocchio bought from a traveling carnival. Trapped in a loveless marriage, aristocrat Anna Karenina enters into a life-changing affair with the affluent Count Vronsky. Thrown naked into a desolate room with thirteen strangers, Tonya discovers that she is the final contestant in a deadly game. Restrained by lethal electronic collars, the players must utilize hints and tools from a box marked "pieces" to find both an exit and the reason for their abduction. One by one the players are eliminated as their "curfew" begins and the lights go out. With each dead body comes another clue, which they use to discover that one of them is the killer. The question is ... which one? Brigit as a young girl saw her family killed by the Karpovs, a Russian crime family, she would have been dead too, if her neighbor did not come to her house and saved her. Years later, she plans to take out all of the Karpovs, and she does. However, the Reillys, the Karpovs rival are afraid that the Karpovs will think that they are behind it. So, they grab her so that they could find out what's going on A secretary's life changes in unexpected ways after her dog dies. On the afternoon of July 1, 1981, Los Angeles police responded to a distress call on Wonderland Avenue and discovered a grisly quadruple homicide. The police investigation that followed uncovered two versions of the events leading up to the brutal murders - both involving legendary porn actor John Holmes. You're about to experience both versions. the film is about In the bustling metropolis, three dodder heads (Zhang Yishan ornaments), know (Peng Bo ornaments), Liren (Duan Junhao ornaments), due to Li Wanyi (Hongjian Tao) construction companies in arrears of various remuneration and fees and Come together, three people with the enemy Kai  forced to set foot on the road to debt collection debt. Despite his family's baffling generations-old ban on music, Miguel dreams of becoming an accomplished musician like his idol, Ernesto de la Cruz. Desperate to prove his talent, Miguel finds himself in the stunning and colorful Land of the Dead following a mysterious chain of events. Along the way, he meets charming trickster Hector, and together, they set off on an extraordinary journey to unlock the real story behind Miguel's family history. The movie XIIa is the sequel of the super successful XIa. In XIIa the journey continues. After two years break, Lina is back to school to teach a new class - a new class, new problems. At home, the situation is also not better. Lina is separated with her cheating husband and her dominating mother is constantly bullying her, Lina's son is maltreated by classmates - at times the tension reaches extreme limits and Lina is about to collapse. Fortunately, she finds support in the sports teacher, a former boxer. The school director is also on her side, so are some of the students. Though the problems with the new class, especially with the beautiful and difficult Megan and between Lina and one of her colleague teachers deepen more and more. The prom is getting closer, the situation is about to escalate  Comedy short produced by the Construction Safety Association of Ontario, Canada. It demonstrates the do's and don'ts of construction site safety. The film is the last professionally filmed footage of film legend Buster Keaton, shot months before his death from lung cancer on February 1, 1966. He recreates several routines from his youth, as well as some new material for the film. Most notable was his recreation of a gag from his 1918 film The Bell Boy in which he mops the floor using only the tip of the mop, little by little while sitting on the floor. A refugee from the Sudanese civil war, Zacharia (one of the 'Lost Boys' of Sudan) lives in Sydney with his wife and daughter. He desperately wants to do something for his former village, now in the newly created nation of South Sudan. His dream is to build a much-needed school, enlisting the backing of numerous Australians. Janet, a dedicated supporter, joins him on a 40-day fundraising walk from Tweed Heads to Sydney along with filmmaker Tom Zubrycki. But will this strategy raise the funds they need? Thwarted by escalating conflict back in South Sudan, and shocked by a broken relationship, Zac must decide what's important in his life. Two half-hour animated films based on the much-loved rhymes written by Roald Dahl and illustrated by Quentin Blake. When the initial Cylon attack against the Twelve Colonies fails to achieve complete extermination of human life as planned, twin Number Ones (Cavils) embedded on Galactica and Caprica must improvise to destroy the human survivors. Rang and Peng, Two of the most ruthless criminals break out of a high-security jail to recover the "September's Diamond" which was lost to them when they were caught.  They also tried to avenge the people who secretly stole the diamond from them. U.S. federal agent Leon S. Kennedy sneaks into the "East Slavic Republic" to verify rumors that Bio-Organic Weapons (BOWs) are being used in the country's civil war, which the U.S. and Russia are making preparations to jointly intervene in. Right after his infiltration, the U.S. government orders him to leave immediately. Determined to uncover the truth, Leon ignores the order and enters the battlefield to end the chain of tragedies caused by the BOWs. The Fixies are little creatures that, unseen by humans, help them maintain their appliances - and generally make sure things don't fall apart... Until an unexpected occurrence of gargantuan proportions threatens to reveal the Fixies' existence! Yu Xiuhua was raised to hope for little from her life in the rural Chinese province of Hubei. At 19, Xiuhua's mother encouraged her to marry a man nearly twice her age, fearful no one else would accept a wife with Xiuhua's condition -- cerebral palsy. But as her 20th anniversary approaches, Xiuhua's poetry goes viral, and she becomes the voice of a rising feminist movement throughout China. The "Study of the School" consists of three stories: "Scars", "Meetings" and "Self-Study Room". The theme of the real campus is ridiculous, making these ancient legends re-energize in different time and space. The film started with a girl peach alone in the study room waiting for her boyfriend. The boyfriend told the peaches on the phone about two horror stories on the campus until the end of the two stories, the boyfriend did not appear, and at the same time, a black shadow Slowly approaching her from behind the peach, the third story of the film began. - Google translated. Giacomo befriends a man, believing that he is the reincarnation of his dead father.  A major of little Russian town decides to build a brothel in order to fight female half of town population... In Foshan, a post 90s wage earner, Huang Zhongjian, is attempting to through Choy Lee Fut and lion dance to build justice in his hometown. Northern Xinjiang, a well-known old saddler, Ahet, is sparing no effort to pay his two sons` debts. These two men who disrelated is facing increasingly similar situation. Yun-hyeok is a young man who was diagnosed with rare cancer in the age of 26. To him, the bicycle that has been with him to fight against the illness is the hope of life. After the illness recurs, he stops receiving anticancer therapy and sets off to France with the goal of completing Tour de France, the dream of all cyclists. But as soon as he starts riding, his fellow cyclist gets injured, and right after that, his bicycle breaks in an accident. With unexpected accidents and incidents, the conflict and discord in the interim group of ten cyclists grow more and more until it explodes into a quarrel. The dream of running the entire Tour de France, the dream he visualized onto the ceiling of the hospital room-could Yun-hyeok make the dream come true? A female Senator succeeds in enrolling a woman into Combined Reconnaissance Team training where everyone expects her to fail. When a career criminal's plan for revenge is thwarted by unlikely circumstances, he puts his intended victim's son in his place by putting him in prison...and then joining him. After inheriting a home from a recently deceased grandfather she never knew, Liz Jennings travels to the small Texas town of Brockmeyer. Soon after she arrives, Liz receives a surprise visit from a popular Austin conspiracy radio show host named Seamus "Shame" Fuller. Shame informs Liz that he has reason to believe her grandfather may have been involved in the assassination of President John F. Kennedy. Though she is initially skeptical, Liz soon agrees to assist Shame in his search for answers.  After a frantic suicide attempt, Veronika awakens inside a mysterious mental asylum. Under the supervision of an unorthodox psychiatrist who specializes in controversial treatment, Veronika learns that she has only weeks to live.  Well digger Ensep decided to increase the payment for his work and get rich. Pride and vanity seized his soul, and he takes orders only from rich and noble clients. At this time, Karakalpak appears in their village, who moved with his family from Khorezm. Karakalpak digged up the deepest well in the steppe for a small amount of money. As a result, his fame spread across the steppe, and all the customers slowly pass from Ensep to him. All the time Ensep looks for a chance to dig the deepest well than Karakalpak, and glorify his name again. The main idea illustrates that nature usually take revenge on a human being, if he crosses the line of the unauthorized. There is a limit to the ability of a person, and he must feel, if he goes beyond or down the line, something irreparable might happen. 25 year-old Dwayne McLaren, a former athlete turned auto mechanic, dreams of getting out of tiny Cut Bank, Montana the coldest town in America. But his effort to do so sets in moton a deadly series of events that change his life and the life of the town forever... Interwoven stories of what it is to be a mom seen through the lens of photographer Rigby Gray. Little Nicky, the son of the Tanner, a famous strongman, has made up his mind, that he can conquer the dragon as his father did long ago. Against prohibition of his father, Nicky has managed to get into trouble and now it depends only on his courage, whether he defeats the resurgent dragon and returns home from the magic world. Award-winning martial arts director Stanley Tong (Rumble in the Bronx, Supercop) joins forces with director Anthony Szeto to deliver this computer animated martial arts adventure for the entire family. A fantastical version of the Chinese ancient Middle K In our 3-year marriage, we have fought on every holiday, on parents' birthdays, during ancestral rituals, and even on Christmas. We argue all the time. The tension between my wife and my mother is killing me. To push the crime rate below one percent for the rest of the year, the New Founding Fathers of America test a sociological theory that vents aggression for one night in one isolated community. But when the violence of oppressors meets the rage of the others, the contagion will explode from the trial-city borders and spread across the nation. Taiwanese horror film. A ticking-time-bomb insomniac and a slippery soap salesman channel primal male aggression into a shocking new form of therapy. Their concept catches on, with underground "fight clubs" forming in every town, until an eccentric gets in the way and ignites an out-of-control spiral toward oblivion. What can two little mice possibly do to save an orphan girl who's fallen into evil hands? With a little cooperation and faith in oneself, anything is possible! As members of the mouse-run International Rescue Aid Society, Bernard and Miss Bianca respond to orphan Penny's call for help. The two mice search for clues with the help of an old cat named Rufus. We eat to live and live to eat, food lovers or foodies especially go by the latter mantra. In "Eat Play Laugh", the star is Thailand's famed pork omelette, as it is thanks to this dish that five people with very different characteristics are able to come together and form a close bond over their favourite dish. After getting blamed for spoiling Christmas, the richest kid in the world wishes he'd never been born. Unfortunately, a wishing machine, invented by professor Keenbean, picked up the wish and made it come true. Now Richie finds himself in a parallel world where his only hope is to find professor Keenbean and the wishing machine so he can wish things back to normal. Written by Peter Huiskes A total of 17 journalists have been fired since 2008, the beginning of LEE Myung-bak's presidential term. They fought against the companies that they worked for succumbing to power and are now frustrated at reality where censorship of the press by authority has now become a norm. Can they continue their activities as journalists? Julius, the boss of Alice's chicken farm, has to find a way to deliver 5000 eggs to Sinkem and Soakem when the hens go on strike. The adventurer named Sadko sets sail in search of a mythical bird of happiness...  The Manzoni family, a notorious mafia clan, is relocated to Normandy, France under the witness protection program, where fitting in soon becomes challenging as their old habits die hard.  Elmer takes up wildlife photography Bean works as a caretaker at Britain's formidable Royal National Gallery, and his bosses want to fire him because he sleeps at work all the time, but can't because the chairman of the gallery's board defends him. They send him to USA, to the small Los Angeles art gallery instead, where he'll have to officiate at the opening of the greatest US picture ever (called "Whistler's Mother"). A teenage comedy film about a young Yorkie. "Rising" opened the first movie on screen.  The story of fun gangs of teenage age 15+ hormones gurgling at the curiosity to try on their love and sex has spread out. A thrice-divorced radio DJ meets the woman of his dreams but can he convince her of the truth of his feelings? An exploration of love, adapted from the novel by Pulitzer prize winning author Carol Shields. Sherif visits a psychiatrist for his illness who exploits him to commit a murder by hypnotism. Trapped aboard the family yacht, Samantha lives out her personal Hell, night after night, answering to the cruel and painful demands of the ship's alarm system. Taking a journey into the depths of depravity, she wakes each morning to the disfiguring scars left by the previous night's horror and searches for the answer to a missing memory: 'Could I have killed my family... Or did Hell get it wrong?' Directed by Chris Patterson and Narrated by Jonny Moseley, "Here, There & Everywhere" is film #67 from Warren Miller, featuring skiers and snowboarders at locations including Glacier Country, Montana, Switzerland, Deer Valley Resort, Greenland, and more. The Queen is an intimate behind the scenes glimpse at the interaction between HM Elizabeth II and Prime Minister Tony Blair during their struggle, following the death of Diana, to reach a compromise between what was a private tragedy for the Royal family and the public's demand for an overt display of mourning.  Ethan, a young man, is beaten while his father is killed by a group of thieves. With the help of an undertaker, Ethan trains in kung fu by fighting the dead. Meanwhile, an American Ninja, Dragon, must fend off against the thieves and their ninja henchmen. It is soon that Dragon and Ethan team up to defeat the thieves and the ninjas.   The foul-mouthed, wheelchair-bound Mr. Rush introduces three adventure tales based on the EC comics of the 1950's.  A 1992 star-studded made-for-tv film which was an attempt to launch a second series in the mold of Tales From The Crypt. When this failed to launch, the three tales were re-edited and shown as Crypt episodes. A boy experiences first love, friendships and injustices growing up in 1960s Taiwan. Because he's the oldest, Jake has been the man of the house, since his parents divorce. When Mom starts seeing Sam, who always seems to be trying some new way to get rich quick, and declares he's the man of the house now, Jake puts up with it. Until he discovers Sam's illegal activities. The true and inspiring story of Brother Guo Jian Nan -- the selfless individual who dedicated his life to the Poverty Alleviation Program. The beautifully shot film shows Guo Jian Nan's journey to a impoverished town to help them achieve a better reality. As the town is built back to life, Guo Jian Nan's health starts to deteriorate. After spending a lifetime helping others, can Brother Guo Jian Nan help himself? A horror anthology of shorts themed around the five senses. Following a series of intimate conversations between a former couple who lived through two years of domestic abuse, A Better Man infuses new energy and possibility into the movement to end violence against women. A short animation. The government has quarantined a small town where either a disease similar to rabies has appeared in the local human population or where (what seems impossible) the dead are beginning to come back to life and attack the living. Having missed most of the evacuation while barricaded inside of an old house, Ben, his younger sister Erin, and their friends remain trapped within the quarantine zone. Hell-bent on getting his sister to safety at all costs, Ben must lead the group across a ravaged city filled with flesh craving zombies in search of a working radio to contact the military and ensure them a ride on the last evacuation helicopter out of the quarantine zone. But with pre-existing personal tensions in the group and an entire city of zombies driven by hunger to find and kill anyone they come across, the odds are stacked against them. Captain Clive Branch, United States Marine Corps, is stationed at a Marine base in Haiti, and is having affairs with two women, Brenda Ritchie and Helen Arnold, each of whom is married to a Marine Captain. One of the husbands is murdered, and Branch, Helen and Brenda each find themselves high on the list of suspects. David Callaway tries to piece together his life in the wake of his wife's suicide and has been left to raise his nine-year-old daughter, Emily on his own. David is at first amused to discover that Emily has created an imaginary friend named 'Charlie', but it isn't long before 'Charlie' develops a sinister and violent side, and as David struggles with his daughter's growing emotional problems, he comes to the frightening realisation that 'Charlie' isn't just a figment of Emily's imagination. The movie XIIa is the sequel of the super successful XIa. In XIIa the journey continues. After two years break, Lina is back to school to teach a new class - a new class, new problems. At home, the situation is also not better. Lina is separated with her cheating husband and her dominating mother is constantly bullying her, Lina's son is maltreated by classmates - at times the tension reaches extreme limits and Lina is about to collapse. Fortunately, she finds support in the sports teacher, a former boxer. The school director is also on her side, so are some of the students. Though the problems with the new class, especially with the beautiful and difficult Megan and between Lina and one of her colleague teachers deepen more and more. The prom is getting closer, the situation is about to escalate After the death of his wife and child, an author travels to Barcelona to see his estranged brother and dying father, where he learns that his life is plagued by events that occur on 11/11/11. Nakadai is an English teacher at a local school. He's put-upon like the patron figure of dozens of films and televisions shows. Viewers who are especially fans of Nakadai will appreciate how the actor comically rants about here. His home life is almost disastrous, with a ditzy (but attractive) wife, three young children, a loud school nearby that's controlled by a corrupt businessman he loathes, and frequent visits from layabout friends. And the grey-furred, green-eyed cat! It seems that Bob Jones has everything a man could want, namely a fulfilling job and a beautiful, pregnant wife, Gail. But Bob's life is turned upside-down when he is diagnosed with cancer and given four months to live -- not even enough time to see his first child's birth. To cleanse himself of demons in his remaining days, Bob makes a video diary, hoping to pass along some wisdom to his future child. Along the way, he discovers a lot about himself. Ho-bin and three friends were born and raised in Mokpo. They decide to take part in the band contest held in Jarasum after they formed the band, 'Road No.1'. Then they come up with a plan to go there on foot in 30 days, doing busking on the road. They also contact broadcasting and join Hye-kyung, who is the producer of the broadcast company, on their journey. However, Hye-kyung looks down on what they are doing. What is worse, Ho-bin suddenly breaks away and the band 'Road No.1' is in crisis. Will they get through it and take part in the band contest?  For the past year or so, brothers Jim and Steve Peters, both ordained ministers, have been traveling around the nation on a mission from God. Convinced that rock and roll is "one of the largest satanic forces in the country," they have been exhorting American kids to build bonfires of albums in public places. Peter Parker and his friends go on a summer trip to Europe. However, they will hardly be able to rest - Peter will have to agree to help Nick Fury uncover the mystery of creatures that cause natural disasters and destruction throughout the continent. On New Year Eve a girl with a scythe is going through winter Moscow. Who is she looking for?.. Documentary about wrestling promotion company Jim Crockett Promotions. Stranded at the side of the road after a tire blowout, a group of friends become targets for an enigmatic sniper. Teen stepbrothers, Danny, a wannabe entrepreneur, and Ajay, an artistic dreamer, pull off an elaborate prank--involving a lot of dildos--on the last day of school. Caught in the act, they're assigned to a summer mentor: lascivious bar owner, Tyler Lavey. When Tyler enlists the boys to make a delivery to a private party, they unwittingly stumble upon an underground society hiding some very dirty secrets. After Tyler's own niece is taken captive, he turns to proteges Danny and Ajay and former CIA agent Grandma Alice to stage one kick-ass rescue. After serving six years for killing his schoolmate, a young man learns that someone is out for revenge. Katie, a 17-year-old, has been sheltered since childhood and confined to her house during the day by a rare disease that makes even the smallest amount of sunlight deadly. Fate intervenes when she meets Charlie and they embark on a summer romance. A wife, tired of her husband's non-stop carousing, sues him for divorce. The judge, however, comes up with a novel solution--he makes the husband take his wife's place in the household--including dressing like her--for 30 days to see what it's like to be his wife. "Money No Enough" is about three friends of different backgrounds who end up facing the same problem of surviving in a cash-strapped society where lack of money can bring endless problems. The film stars Chew Wah Keong (Jack Neo), who is white collar but a spend thrift, Ong (Mark Lee), a contractor, and Hui (Henry Thia), a coffee shop waiter who has a crush on his customer... The Lone Wolf tracks down Nazi spies in London during the German bombing.  A diligent mother who runs a side-dish store keeps calling her son, a part time teacher, incompetent. The son resents his mother's prickliness, but he isn't very sweet to her either. One day, all of a sudden, his mother gets dementia. In director Vicente Aranda's adaptation of the classic opera, a French writer documents the seductive power of the beautiful Gypsy Carmen, who turns her charms on a young soldier, awakening his passions but ultimately leading to tragedy. Jose becomes obsessed with Carmen and finds himself unable to control his jealousy, which forces him to make a deadly decision in this fiery story of love and betrayal. In May of 1980, the city is locked down and phone lines are dead because of protests and struggles in demand of democracy. Just when Gwangju was being ignored by the media, Jurgen Hinzpeter, a reporter from Germany, sneaks in despite the danger! The story of two Chinese immigrants' struggles in America. Yuan Liu has lived in LA for years. He has no stable job, no family and lives in a wagon. He seems content with his life until the day he meets Qing Li, a woman with the big "American dream". Countless wiseguy films are spoofed in this film that centers on the neuroses and angst of a powerful Mafia racketeer who suffers from panic attacks. When Paul Vitti needs help dealing with his role in the "family," unlucky shrink Dr. Ben Sobel is given just days to resolve Vitti's emotional crisis and turn him into a happy, well-adjusted gangster. 'For the Love of God' is the wickedly irreverent tale of Graham (Coogan); an over-grown man-child still living at home under the suffocating glare of his elderly Mother, in her dusty and forgotten Christian bookshop.  Graham has a terrible secret - an unholy fantasy - which only he and his Mother's pet Jackdaw (McKellen) know about.  Spurred on by the sinister bird and the possibility of consummating his perverse desire, will Graham do the deed before his Mother uncovers the awful truth? While visiting the old pub Andrey suddenly gets an opportunity to try to live somebody's else life. Available for rent is a life of famous chef and restaurants owner... The 12-year-old Oliver discovers that his grandfather used to be a monster hunter and is keeping a shadow monster locked up in his secret cellar. When the shadow monster accidentally escapes, Oliver and his younger brother Lasse have to follow their grandfather's instructions and enlist their friends to catch the monster and bring it back - before it is too late! >>Monster Busters<< is based on an idea of the universe in the children's book series by Jacob Weinreich. Traveling to the French National Library to see Jikji, the world's oldest movable metal type book printed in Korea, a Canadian, David Redman discovers no one knows anything about the book printed in Korea in 1377! Realizing Eurocentrism is at play, David off sets off on a journey through Europe and Korea with Sarang Ness and the Jikji team to find how the print technology transferred from 13th Century Goryeo to Europe. Zeitgeist: Moving Forward, by director Peter Joseph, is a feature length documentary work which will present a case for a needed transition out of the current socioeconomic monetary paradigm which governs the entire world society. This subject matter will transcend the issues of cultural relativism and traditional ideology and move to relate the core, empirical "life ground" attributes of human and social survival, extrapolating those immutable natural laws into a new sustainable social paradigm called a "Resource-Based Economy".  Canary-voiced boy wonder Bobby Breen once more croons his way into our hearts in Make a Wish. While vacationing at a boys' camp, the rambunctious Breen befriends famed composer Basil Rathbone. Stuck for an inspiration for his latest operetta, Rathbone at last finds it when he meets Breen's gorgeous mother Marion Claire, a popular singer. Alas, her stiff-necked fiance Ralph Forbes refuses to allow her to return to the stage, whereupon Rathbone spirals into a depression -- and even worse, a profound case of writers' block. But Little-Mister-Fixit Breen manages to patch up everything just in time for Claire to debut in Rathbone's latest masterpiece. Offering much-needed comedy relief are Henry Armetta, Leon Errol and Donald Meek as a trio of parasitic would-be songwriters. Make a Wish was based on a story by Gertrude Berg, of "Molly Goldberg" fame.  The Malacicis, a hard-working Italian family recently immigrated from Florence, open a fancy restaurant in the Bronx, N.Y., drawing the ire of another clan. Mike and Sadie Capomezzo, equally hard-working Sicilian caterers from the area, find they cannot stand Piero  and Maria Malacici. But things get complicated when the Malacicis' daughter, Gina, and the Capomezzos' son, Rosario, fall in love. Panic attacks and memory loss signal the plight of a writer whose body is inexplicably being taken over by another woman. While traveling in Paris, author Henry Miller and his wife, June, meet Anais Nin, and sexual sparks fly as Nin starts an affair with the openly bisexual June. When June is forced to return to the U.S., she gives Nin her blessing to sleep with her husband. Then, when June returns to France, an unexpected, and sometimes contentious, threesome forms.  A story about funny adventures of the group of children during their summer vacations. The Death of Superman and Reign of the Supermen now presented as an over two-hour unabridged and seamless animated feature. Witness the no-holds-barred battle between the Justice League and an unstoppable alien force known only as Doomsday, a battle that only Superman can finish and will forever change the face of Metropolis. Action / Foreign - The epic saga of the MASTER SWORDSMAN continues in this amazing sequel! When Ximen suspects his good friend and fellow martial artist Lu Xiao Feng of molesting his wife, he challenges Lu to a duel to the death. Lu escapes and stumbles upon the mysterious Phantom Villa. There, Lu uncovers a conspiracy that will jeopardize the very survival of the nation, and must stop the evil plan before he himself becomes a victim. Yi Jun, a well-intentioned lie to deceive Yao Zheng return to the country, ran into Jin Yan in the company and fall in love. More and more stories turn into love road. During one exciting party, a beautiful lady under the mask, and it was Kacy. Yao Zheng tries to find Jin Yan desperately after she left, but no success. Yi Jun and Zi Ti are getting married but hidden from Yao Zheng and asked Yao to look after the bride when the bridge's veil opened, there has been an unexpected scene. Live concert performance from English rock band Motorhead recorded at the Zenith in Munich, Germany on November 20th and 21st 2015. Filmed as part of their 40th anniversary tour, only a month before the death of their frontman, the tracks performed include 'Bomber', 'Over the Top', 'Ace of Spades' and 'Overkill'.   The story of wrestling legend Hulk Hogan. Yi Jun, a well-intentioned lie to deceive Yao Zheng return to the country, ran into Jin Yan in the company and fall in love. More and more stories turn into love road. During one exciting party, a beautiful lady under the mask, and it was Kacy. Yao Zheng tries to find Jin Yan desperately after she left, but no success. Yi Jun and Zi Ti are getting married but hidden from Yao Zheng and asked Yao to look after the bride when the bridge's veil opened, there has been an unexpected scene. The story of Katherine Ann Watson, a feminist teacher who studied at UCLA graduate school and in 1953 left her boyfriend behind in Los Angeles, California to teach at Wellesley College, a conservative women's private liberal arts college in Massachusetts, United States. The Smedley Tornadoes have a big football game coming up, so Miss Nelson calls in dreaded substitute teacher Viola Swamp to whip the team into shape. It's Christmas Day on a remote human colony and the Doctor is hiding from Christmas Carols and Comedy Antlers. But when a crashed spaceship calls upon the Doctor for help, he finds himself recruited into River Song's squad and hurled into a fast and frantic chase across the galaxy. King Hydroflax is furious, and his giant Robot bodyguard is out-of-control and coming for them all! Will Nardole survive? And when will River Song work out who the Doctor is? All will be revealed on a starliner full of galactic super-villains and a destination the Doctor has been avoiding for a very long time. Oh In-sook, who goes by Gisele in the art world, is a failed artist with nothing going for her. During her shift at her part time job, she meets a cunning and canny art sales representative Jae-bum. Jae-bum believes that Gisele has the potential to become a prominent artist and decides to represent her. He and his colleague James, through their ingenious sales efforts, begin to raise the value of Gisele's paintings, causing Gisele to gain immense fame. As she is ready to bathe in her success, she unexpectedly dies of reasons unknown shocking the art community. Jaebum sees this as an opportunity to hike the prices on his deceased client's paintings and decides to go all-in in doing so. However, Gisele miraculously gains consciousness like the Lazarus syndrome, denting Jae-bum's scheme. In order to save his career, Jaebum suggests to Gisele to stay "dead" and aims to strike a deal with her. The story of Ruby, 13, determined to grow up fast after her mother runs away to become a movie star, leaving Ruby with her hopelessly rural father. An introverted extrovert tries to replicate a chance encounter with his dream girl. During a graduation tour in Chitwan, simple-minded and shy Yasuo accidentally becomes a super singer under the name "Ibatsu Taro". Fame and respect he wins, the richest man in Chitwan wishes to make him his family member. In Yasuo's last concert, his love, Reiko, suddenly appears. Between true love and wealth, what will Yasuo's choice be? It all started in Mafalala, a poor neighborhood on the outskirts of Lourenco Marques, Mozambique. A kid kicked into rag balls and did not care much about school. This kid was called Eusebio da Silva Ferreira and would become one of the best footballers of all time. This is the narrative of "Eusebius - A History of a Legend", a documentary film made by Filipe Ascensao and that counted on the collaboration of Eusebio himself in the last years of his life, before dying, in January 2014. Released in the year in which Eusebio would be 75 years old, the film counts on testimonies of many people who have crossed with him, from Hilario da Conceicao, his childhood friend who would also be a footballer, to Bobby Charlton, opponent in the 1966 World Cup, passing by Antonio Simoes, the " White brother "who accompanied him from Benfica to the end of his US career, and some of his Portuguese soccer heirs like Luis Figo, Rui Costa and Cristiano Ronaldo. After twenty years of marriage, art professor Nino Rolfe attempts to break down his wife Teresa's conventional modesty. Noticing her affection for their daughter's fiance, Nino instigates her sexual interest in him as well. This sets off a chain of unexpected events and emotional complications, as Nino and his unpredictable fascist daughter find that they both enjoy being jealous. Jewel thieves attempt to recover treasure from piranha infested waters. Mistrust and betrayals happen amongst the gang in the quest for gold. A war criminal in hiding forms a relationship with his only connection to the outside world - his maid.   Captain Tom "Outlaw" Waters is one of four Air Force pilots taking part in a "black" Defense project involving virtual reality. The project is managed by a secretive Colonel Anderson and overseen by General Breslaw. When two of his colleagues die during test runs after some erratic behaviour in the flight simulator, Waters begins to believe that there is a conspiracy among his superiors. He even begins to suspect his new lover, Caitlin Cole. Written by D.W. Prosser  Travis and Gabby first meet as neighbors in a small coastal town and wind up in a relationship that is tested by life's most defining events. The small county of Seongju staged protests against the THADD. Young mothers led protests from concerns about their kids and the exposure to radiation. Gradually, they learn the system is faulty. Guillermo del Toro presents Mama, a supernatural thriller that tells the haunting tale of two little girls who disappeared into the woods the day that their parents were killed. When they are rescued years later and begin a new life, they find that someone or something still wants to come tuck them in at night. Voting against the Mafia in what he thinks is a secret ballot costs Sicilian laborer Mimi his livelihood. He leaves his wife, flees to Turin and romances a Communist organizer - but he just can't shake the Mafia. When they lure Mimi back to Sicily with a better job, he must keep his lover - and love child - under wraps. That's when his wife announces she's pregnant. Riza, a garbage man becomes obsessed in her old mother when he finds a woman's corpse in a garbage can. But someday he meets with his new neighbor,a beautiful widow and starts to lose track of reality, stuck between his love and her mother. Historical biographical religious drama film based on the memoirs of Ignatius of Loyola, founder of the Jesuit order who was also canonized as a saint in Roman Catholicism. In 'Wretches & Jabberers and Stories from the Road', two men with autism embark on a global quest to change prevailing attitudes about disability and intelligence. With limited speech, Tracy Thresher, 42, and Larry Bissonnette, 52, both faced lives of mute isolation in mental institutions or adult disability centers. When they learned as adults to communicate by typing, their lives changed dramatically. Their world tour message is that the same possibility exists for others like themselves. At each stop, they dissect public attitudes about autism and issue a hopeful challenge to reconsider competency and the future. Along the way, they reunite with old friends from the USA, expand the isolated world of a talented young painter and make new allies in their cause.  Max is a battle-weary veteran of the wedding-planning racket. His latest -- and last -- gig is a hell of a fete, involving stuffy period costumes for the caterers, a vain, hyper- sensitive singer who thinks he's a Gallic James Brown, and a morose, micromanaging groom determined to make Max's night as miserable as possible. But what makes the affair too bitter to endure is that Max's colleague and ostensible girlfriend, Joisette, seems to have written him off, coolly going about her professional duties while openly flirting with a much younger server. It's going to be a very long night... especially once the groom's aerial serenade gets underway.  An anthology of four stories that sheds light on modern relationships from the viewpoint of the Indian woman. When a group of friends come across an abandoned house in the barren desert, what follows is a terrifying tale of evil possession causing the friends to slowly turn against each other.  Five stories of life, love and tears in Rome by five of Italy's best film directors. Each of them take his turn at showing how love is found, lost, and nurtured in the Eternal City. Laurence Olivier's film of Chekhov's play. A forest fire and rock-slide trap five bickering college friends in a small Alaskan ghost town with a horrifying history. When they seek refuge inside the torched ruins of Blackburn Asylum they must fight to survive as the angry inhabitants slaughter the friends one-by-one. Corruption inside a medical clinic in Paraguay The romance film follows the story of two young couples from different social backgrounds as they grow up, head to college and eventually try to find their way in the world in their chosen careers. When two graduate student physicist run out of time to prove their theory on time travel, they enlist the help of film students to unearth and chronicle the experiments Nikola Tesla and other scientists were involved in with the US government, which involved testing LSD, electromagnetic energy and radiation on unsuspecting citizens. When members of the film crew end up missing, the physicists realize they may have gotten much more than what they bargained. Fang Hao had hello hyperlipidemia in college, because volunteers swap and study medicine, Jiyu gave up medicine, but to drown a long and loved girl together, perseverance and self-redemption of unrequited love began, and Hao's Chinese college career beautiful roommate break a series of silly jokes, when graduate students and other people are assigned to Obstetrics and Gynecology, congenital conditions such as bad people, good ability to experience male obstetricians? Can you pursue true love? African-American painter Mickalene Thomas pays tribute to the life and longings of her mother and muse Sandra Bush. A local rascal forms an unlikely partnership with a female assassin to take down a warlord. The documentary starts with a diva of a tragic family history related to a history of migration. The rare archival footage reanimates her history reverberating with the current world crisis. Sound of Nomad: Koryo Arirang is a testimonial - a witness to injustice and tragedy, but it is also a declaration of survival - a survival that is not static but transformative - not brittle but fluid. The trains that displace, the deserts that separate form one harsh horizon - a historical limit - but within that limit, against it and across it are people, are a culture, not escaping but flourishing unofficially, with the affective majesty of a melody, a rhythm, an Arirang Retirement at last! Middle-aged and divorced, company owner Richard Jones is looking forward to a worry-free existence as he arrives at his office on his last day of work. Much to his dismay, he discovers that the management buyout of his company was fraudulent. The company is now bankrupt and the employee pension fund -- including his own -- has been embezzled. Enlisting the help of his ex-wife Kate, Richard sets out to track down the shady businessman behind the fraud... A hilarious comedy about love, marriage and everything in between, "My Wife & I" also features Jemima Osunde, Dorcas Shola Fapson, Sambasa Nzeribe among others I, a lesbian filmmaker, encounter people yelling at me to disappear from this world. It is a time of hatred in South Korea. LGBTQ people are the easy targets for hatred. In searching for what makes a marginalized life livable, I embark upon a journey. I encounter a double life of Lee Muk, a 70-year-old Korean "Mr. Pants" and precarious lives of a Japanese lesbian couple, Ten and Non, after 3/11. As an ever-growing number of citizens are becoming the targets of 'witch-hunting' in Korea, true faces of the haters slowly begin to unfold. A small rural town is the center of multiple parallel stories that intertwine the fate of several different characters across a single night. Some of them are: Juan Manuel y Esteban, two bored teenagers competing for the love of a French exchange student who decide to play a prank to "Fat Pablo", a naive pizza delivery boy that is mistaken as a delinquent by Olveira y Sandro. These two arrive to town to assault a corrupt ranch owner, a coup planned by "El Tranquera", a small-time dealer. Either chance or destiny make of this fateful night a turning point in the lives of the characters. A 1921 film directed by Albert Parker. After being bullied for months at school, 16-year-old Jonathan douses himself with gasoline and lights a match. Now, in an induced coma, his body covered in burns, his life is on hold, his parents are in shock and the school is in turmoil. A couple on the brink of divorce decides to keep their marital woes a secret as they help their daughter plan her wedding. As the two work together on the happy occasion, they soon discover that their own marriage might just be worth saving. Presented at Documenta 14 in Athens. Antonio decides to break free of his mundane existence and rents a silver convertible to take his wife on a dream vacation. Everything seems perfect. Except he doesn't know the way. Maverick cop Orin Boyd always brings down the domestic terrorists he tracks, but he ruffles feathers with his unorthodox techniques -- and soon finds himself reassigned to the toughest district in Detroit. When he discovers a group of detectives secretly operating a drug ring, Boyd joins forces with an unlikely ally -- gangster Latrell Walker -- to bring down the rotten cops. Ha-yeong ("Viki") is a successful psychologist. One day she gets a secretive request from her sister Ha-joo (Lee Seung-chae). Apparently Ha-joo's husband Woo-seong (Kang Seong-pil) is refusing to have sex. Ha-yeong agrees to be their couple therapist but finds out that her brother-in-law actually has sexual desires for her and not her sister...    A gang of cold-blooded outlaws narrowly escapes a blood-soaked bank robbery in a grimy frontier town. With a notorious bounty hunter hot on their trail, these nefarious criminals desperately need a place to hide out before night falls. Fate brings them to the home of the Tildons, a seemingly innocent family with two feisty daughters. As the men settle in, an impetuous game of cat and mouse plays out during the cold, black night. Come morning, nothing will ever be the same. A mysterious door in the basement of the Hercules house leads to the Sixth Dimension by way of a gigantic set of intestine. When Frenchy slips through the door, King Fausto falls in love with her. The jealous Queen Doris takes Frenchy prisoner, and it is up to the Hercules family and friend Squeezit Henderson to rescue her.  Sometimes it is very difficult to distinguish dreams from reality. What is a dream? Oblivion or flight? Dream collaboration with a love that no choice could suddenly seize every Love is invisibly present in everything:. In burning candles, trembling petals, or the whisper of the wind trembling wings of a butterfly - Failure to nowhere, drop into eternity, infinity soaring - Plast problems and worries of everyday savings, suffering, expectations. But then: dive in yourself, in its essence, in its original And the gap:. dizziness, drop, hover, dive into the freshness of dew, moisture, spring - Finally: enlightenment, cleansing , clarity of thought, the joy of existence. And then, the flight again, merger and dissolution of eternity. In this anime anthology, a salvage ship crew happens upon a haunted vessel in "Magnetic Rose"; a cold tablet turns a lab worker into a biological weapon in "Stink Bomb"; and an urban populace carries on an endless war with an unseen foe in "Cannon Fodder." Snaaks Genoeg (Funny Enough) is an entertaining and poignant dark comedy, which explores the pain inflicted by humour on the average human being.  The film, an original piece written and directed by David Moore, follows a down-and-out comedian (Casper de Vries) who drifts from one small town to another. Having alienated his audience with his crude comments and dirty humours, his popularity has faded. He hits the road fighting not only for survival, but also to find the spark he once had. He has been reduced to doing shows in small towns and working for food and accommodation. As he drifts from remote location to remote location, successful comedians are being kidnapped, tortured and murdered in bizarre ways, and he seems to be riding right into the centre of this storm. Three wacky tomb raiders search for Book of Yunji, masterpiece of ancient chinese medicine  Taking inspiration from the history of conflict throughout Eastern Europe, Echoes Of Time examines the concept of the illusion of freedom. A stand of birches. Sunlight brightens and dims, revealing more or less of the woods. A little grass is on the forest floor. Is there a shape in the shadows? Something green is out of focus. The light flashes, and the screen goes dark from time to time. We look up close at the bark of trees. Is the god of the forest to be seen? Harry, a famous scientist, is mistaken for an escaped lunatic. A man in tight jeans buffs his car to the strains of The Paris Sisters' "Dream Lover". Kirmizi is the Turkish word for red. The Woman in Red was a mid-80s comedy hit which starred and was directed by Gene Wilder. It was based on a French film called "Pardon Mon Affaire" with the great Jean Rochefort in the lead. "Asik Oldum-I Feel in Love" is based on "The Woman in Red" and even has that certain Stevie Wonder which Jack Black so despised in "High Fidelity" in its' soundtrack. How to part with a jealous girl? And if she is also a rare bitch? Maxim does not know, because he "wants everyone to be well." While mother and elder sister are pouring in with useless advice, Maxim comes up with the most absurd excuse for a break, which leads to catastrophic consequences ... Gao Yunlong (Ruan Song Yang Shi ), a special agent of the Shenzhou Bureau, was ordered to enter the Ming Dynasty. He was looking for the colleague Cao Xiaomei (Chen Jiaxuan) who had already gone before, and traced the conspiracy of time and space disruption. At the same time, he helped to fall into the dispute between Donglin Academy and Dongchang. The members of the Donglin Academy were murdered one after another. However, there was no clue to the search of the murderer. The eldest brother of the college, Ye Jingqing (Song Tingyi), finally confessed to the imperial court, letting the emperor go to the police to confuse the people and directly point to the East Factory. At this point, a vast sensation ended in justice, and Gao Yunlong stayed in the Ming Dynasty to continue his career. Biographic movie about the American composer Sigmund Romberg. A thriller centered on a widower who moves into a seemingly perfect new home with his daughter and new wife. PATHS OF THE SOUL follows a group of Tibetan villagers who leave their families and homes to make a "bowing pilgrimage" -- laying their bodies flat on the ground after every few steps -- along the 2,000-kilometre road to Lhasa. Though equally devoted to the trip, they all have different reasons: one traveller needs to cleanse bad family karma; another, a butcher, wants to wash the animals' bloodstains from his soul; and another pilgrim, sensing the end is near, hopes that prayers and prostrations will break the chain of cause and effect determined by his life's actions. During their months on the road, a baby is born, they meet fellow travellers, and their resolve is put to the test by harsh snowstorms and physical fatigue. But no hardship can deter them from their ultimate goal -- not even the threat of death, a very real danger in this high altitude where a common cold can take one's life. Handsomely-mounted historical epic concerns the birth of the Islamic faith and the story of the prophet Mohammed. GHANA MUST GO is the story of the union of two families and cultures by the marriage of their children. The bride is played by Yvonne Okoro and is Ghanaian, while the groom is played by Blossom Chukwujekwu and is Nigerian. The families are forced to come together for the marriage bringing together two not-so-pleased father-in-law's played by Nkem Owoh and Kofi Adjorlolo. Join Ratty, Badger, Mole and the impulsive Toad as they embark on a series of riotous adventures spiralling from Toad's insatiable need for speed! After finding an old storage locker filled with his family's history, James Erikson begins a journey to discover the truth behind a mysterious piece of land in the small town of Solitude. The film tells about the time in which the characters of the movie "Leto" lived. Performer of the role of "Skeptic" Alexandr Kuznetsov interviews Natalya Naumenko, Artemy Troitsky, Igor Petrovsky, Seva Novgorodtsev and Andrey Tropillo about Russian rock, the 80s, Soviet youth, the Leningrad way of life and the spirit of that time. The conversations take place in the real locations of the movie "Leto", where the characters come to tell how everything was in reality, and plunge into nostalgia and praise or, on the contrary, criticize "artistic fiction". Cathy Coulter is looking forward to a bright future with new husband Riley and her son Billy. Settled in their new home, Cathy becomes disheartened with Riley's frequent work trips and her intuition tells her something is amiss. When Riley leaves for his next job, Cathy follows him...all the way to another family's home! When Cathy storms in to confront him, she finds a dead body and receives a call from Riley saying she must confess to the crime or her son will be killed. With the police hot on her tail, Cathy goes on the run to unearth the truth before it is too late to save her son. Pup, a bamboo shark, discovers egg sacs while playing around the ocean with his friends. When he sees human poachers stealing the eggs from his reef, Pup makes it his mission to save his family. As he leaves the sea and enters the beautiful, yet dangerous, world of humans he'll prove he isn't too small to save his family. Written by Elizabeth Obermeier, Marketing Manager The Great Guys  An attention-craving mother nearing 50, unemployed and living with her pregnant daughter and son-in-law, suddenly finds herself with child, too... Ariel is a middle-class young man, a father of a family, who surprisingly loses his job in the context of a wave of layoffs. Altered and hiding from his family what happened, he escapes his father-in-law's birthday to go to a nightclub, where an old acquaintance offers to be part of a narco business. Ariel accepts, trusting that his participation will be limited, but things go out of control. A film director who after facing a major financial crisis turns to drug trafficking which leads to a major turn in his life. A dog finds the meaning of his own existence through the lives of the humans he meets. Sydney couple Craig and Shane, are forced on a difficult journey to recovery after suffering a brutal hate crime; but they soon discover that even in the worst circumstances, they can inspire positive change. A 40 year old man tries to become independent from his mother.  It looks like we don't have any Cast and Crew for this title yet. This morning they were playing ping-pong in the hospital rec room. Now they're lost in New York and framed for murder. This was never covered in group therapy. People living in a Dacian village, a group of Dacian mystics, the administrator of Sarmizegetusa Regia, the UNESCO site, and participants in Dacology congresses. They are all united by their passion for the Dacians. They are also divided by their perspective on this part of history that is increasingly popular in Romania...  One relationship. One love. One life. Two angles. Agnes Varda eloquently captures Paris in the sixties with this real-time portrait of a singer set adrift in the city as she awaits test results of a biopsy. A chronicle of the minutes of one woman's life, Cleo from 5 to 7 is a spirited mix of vivid verite and melodrama, featuring a score by Michel Legrand and cameos by Jean-Luc Godard and Anna Karina. A loner fresh out of rehab and hunted by both sides of the law returns home to solve the murder of his sister, and finds himself entangled in a game of revenge on the LA club circuit. Marie is pregnant, but her relationship with her partner Serge is at an end. She decides to abort the child, and then separates from Serge. After a short while she regains contact with her ex-husband, her affection for each other rekindles and Marie decides to continue her pregnancy - although she knows she will continue to be alone.  The sexy Bad Movie Police force hunts down a notorious distributor of cheapo movies and then try to locate his accomplice, Yolonda Squatpump, the creator of the horrible 1992 action movie CHICKBOXER (1992). Andy and Maggie, a young Irish couple, travel to England as the result of an unplanned pregnancy, where Maggie will face the biggest decision of her life.  "Login" is a Hindi feature film about three different individuals and how the Internet and social networking sites affect their lives... Greed and hierarchy in the Caribbean reefs.  In Istanbul's Hasanpasa, Seko makes plans for a vacation with his friends, who are in pursuit of hitting the volley, and the young man of the townspeople. Their financially comfortable friends give Serkan a lucrative amount of money for the costs. However, Seko loses money by playing craps on the gambling mafia, which he owes instead of doing the organization. The young man who thinks for the holiday plan makes a new plan by remembering his late grandfather's saying "Most precious treasure". The group goes to Edirne Uzunkopru with the new plan of Seko for the holiday. The jumping youngsters of Istanbul will be thrown into an adventurous and funny adventure with the cheerful and sincere people of Trakya ...  A disgraced ex-cop's arrival in a small town triggers a cathartic journey of forgiveness and revenge for himself and the family of the activist he killed. Mario Diaz - Baseball icon Roberto Clemente died in a tragic plane accident while delivering aid to victims of an earthquake in Nicaragua. Yet his legacy remains and his effect is still felt across the United States and Latin America decades later. - Nawab Naarkal is a 1972 Indian Tamil film, directed by C. V. Rajendran and produced by K. Balakrishnan. The film script were written by Komal Swaminathan.The film stars Jaishankar and Nagesh in the lead roles with Lakshmi, Rama Prabha and V. K. Ramasamy S. V. Sahasranamam and V. S. Raghavan playing supporting roles. The film had musical score by M. S. Viswanathan. The film was adapted from stage play of same name written by Komal Swaminathan. Two reckless friends Leonardo (Adriano Celentano) and Luciano (Renato Potstsetto) are just doing whatever they want and getting into endless alterations. When one of them decides to marry, their friendship is in a crisis ...  Paul Hanganu loves two women. Adriana his wife and the mother of their daughter, the woman with whom he's shared the thrills of the past ten years, and Raluca the woman who has made him redefine himself. He has to leave one of them before Christmas.  Zu, a twelve-year-old boy on the way to buy flour for his mother, winds up in the clutches of armed paramilitary narcotics officers. All day long the TV shows an ice-hole. Ice-holes are the theme of the day, a winter tradition that unites believers and sportsmen, stars and walruses, the president and the unemployed.  In the centre of the news reports are the topics of Baptism, fishing and the criminal chronicle. The president and a pike, the artist and the crit- ics, the oligarch and the law enforcement team - they all meet at an ice- hole in search of solutions for their problems. The jobless Muscovite, with bad habits, dives down an ice-hole for a wife, just like Sadko. The fairy- tale plots intertwine with documentary context, and it is no longer clear where reality ends. Remember Nietzsche: if you long gaze into the abyss, the abyss will also gaze into you.  Zero (Wagner Moura) is a brilliant scientist, but unfortunate because 20 years ago was publicly humiliated and lost in college Helena (Alinne Moraes) the love of his life. One day, an accidental experience with one of his inventions makes him travel in time, more precisely, to the past. After the chance to change his story, Zero returns to this totally changed. In 1904, in Dublin, James Joyce chats up Nora Barnacle, a hotel maid recently come from Galway. She enchants him with her frank, direct and uninhibited manner, and before long, he's convinced her to come with him to Trieste, where he has a job with Berlitz. Over time, Nora pulls him through phobias, tolerates his drinking, takes in his brother Stan, and bests Joyce at 'the writin' game' to bring him back to Italy from Dublin where he's gone to open a cinema. But his sexual jealousy threatens the relationship and sends her back to Galway with the children. Is there any way to tame Jim's green-eyed monster? And, will the lad ever get his stories published?  A 6-year old girl gets lost in a cemetary in her mother's hometown. Despite the language barrier, a local stranger helps her find her way back home. In this half hour, cross-network special we're there with Kid Rock for his last two days at home before heading out on the road to promote and tour his new album, Born Free. Rock will share his unique perspective on life and music as he spends time with his son, family and wide variety of friends. He will also go through final rehearsals with his Twisted Brown Trucker Band and squeeze in as much chaos as possible when he lights up a bon fire and throws a house party. Professor Ludovico Bruschi is an elderly Communist whose desire is that of living in an orderly and socially just State. But disorder is just about to break into his life, first of all in the shape of his granddaughter Papere and then in that of Papere's mother Stella, his son's companion. The relationship between Oliviero, Bruschi's son, and Stella has come to an end perhaps because of the extreme youth of the two lovers. Now Professor Bruschi is obliged to come to terms with the gloomy, ignorant, offended Stella whose head is full of false and destructive ideals and who disturbs his way of living out daily life. The professor loses his patience and Stella leaves. He looks for her and finds her in hospital with a broken leg. The two of them begin to grow close and then, without realizing it, they come to love each other immensely. Stella's leg gets better and she goes off to look for new relationships... A comedy filled with tenderness as a baby raccoon snuggles his way into the life of a lonely boy. He becomes the boy's only companion during his father's frequent absences. Because of Rascal, both father and son realize their responsibility to each other When former getaway driver, Charlie Bronson jeopardises his Witness Protection Plan identity in order to help his girlfriend get to Los Angeles, the feds and Charlie's former gang chase them on the road. A woman suffers a nervous breakdown and an oppressive mother before being freed by the love of a man she meets on a cruise. Two modern-day cowboys meet on a shepherding job in the summer of '63, the two share a raw and powerful summer together that turns into a lifelong relationship conflicting with the lives they are supposed to live. La Fontaine turns filmmaker is a new film from The Cinema Owl.  You will remember how last year, Wake Up and Dream Again invited children from 3 to 8 years old to discover some wonderful stories halfway between the world of dreams and the real world! This time The Cinema Owl has brought back from her travels six short films in the form of fables about animals, each with a strong message. La Fontaine turns filmmaker, in the tradition of our cartoon favourites, is both educational and a lot of laughs. Imagine if all mythical artifacts, from Jason's Golden Fleece to Cinderella's glass slippers, were real. Well, they are -- and for centuries, a secret society called the Hunters has been sworn to protect them from an evil force called the Krugen. After receiving an unexpected present on the night of his birthday, Alejandro Ruiz decides to take a trip to the heart of the mountain. There, a sleeping disorder erases the limits of his reality. Jobless and with no prospects, Ninato (Brat) lives with his parents and does hip-hop music. He lives the life of the outskirts, it's the Madrid of the chronic crisis. But he is 34 years old and has three children to bring up. Time goes by, the kids are growing up and Ninato carries on, making music and looking after the children, without worrying too much about his future. Oro, the smallest one, not too motivated at school, will demand more attention and drive Ninato to face his own conflicts. An ophthalmologist's assistant with an unhealthy interest in human eyeballs goes on a killing spree to collect eyeballs for his overbearing mother's collection. Reality soon takes a bizarre turn, both for the characters and the audience. Captain Adams and the crew of the Starship C57D travel to planet Altair 4 in search of the spaceship "Bellerophon" that has been missing for 20 years. To their surprise, they are expected. Construction company owner John Matthews learns that his estranged son, Jason, has been arrested for drug trafficking. Facing an unjust prison sentence for a first time offender courtesy of mandatory minimum sentence laws, Jason has nothing to offer for leniency in good conscience. Desperately, John convinces the DEA and the opportunistic DA Joanne Keeghan to let him go undercover to help make arrests big enough to free his son in return. With the unwitting help of an ex-con employee, John enters the narcotics underworld where every move could be his last in an operation that will demand all his resources, wits and courage to survive. In the aftermath of the Spanish Civil War, Ana, a sensitive seven-year-old girl in a rural Spanish hamlet is traumatized after a traveling projectionist screens a print of James Whale's 1931 "Frankenstein" for the village. The youngster is profoundly disturbed by the scenes in which the monster murders the little girl and is later killed himself by the villagers. She questions her sister about the profundities of life and death and believes her older sibling when she tells her that the monster is not dead, but exists as a spirit inhabiting a nearby barn. When a Loyalist soldier, a fugitive from Franco's victorious army, hides out in the barn, Ana crosses from reality into a fantasy world of her own.  An emotional visual portrait starring fans of the most important melodic singer-songwriter that Uruguay had, the founder and leader of Los Iracundos, Eduardo Franco. A documentary about the death of Cadet Marco Amarilla in a military academy in Paraguay, a death that was initially reported as a suicide, but was revealed to be a cover-up in a country where dozens of other young men have died in military facilities.  Kanema's Song is a character driven film about 18 years old Erna Kanema who is growing up in Reykjavik with her Icelandic mother, her Zambian father, and her young sister Audur.  Kanema wishes that they would have more contact with their relatives in Zambia and she feels that she lacks understanding of her cultural roots. Through her intense involvement in music she starts a journey of research which eventually leads to a better understanding of Zambia's musical tradition and at the same time she becomes more whole in her own identity.  (from icelandicfilms.info) Two brothers return to the cult they fled from years ago to discover that the group's beliefs may be more sane than they once thought. Vietnam veteran NFL star who falls on hard times, runs up a gambling debt, and is recruited by a bunch of shady, ultra-rich elites who want to enjoy the ultimate thrill -- hunting another human being like an animal. A remote village in Iceland is faced with rural exodus. A Texas cop battles ex-navy seals who are trying to traffic drugs from Mexico into the USA.  A tale of cheats and impostors, taking its inspiration from true facts and from one of the most intriguing characters of recent decades: the spy Francisco Paesa. The film is a double protagonist through the girl who has to pay for the account and the singer Jing Ya who sings at night. The necklace of Zhuoyi's boss with illegal data was given to Jingya, and Jingya was forced to accept the face and then handed it over to the friend of Dashan. In order to get back the necklace for the boss, Zhuoyi went to the remote mountainous area with Jingya. Zhuoyi's cockroach provoked the relationship between Zhuoyi and the boss and was chased all the way. The two have different personalities, and there are not many words all the way, but they are filled with each other. After some events, the two have new cognition and goodwill. The two also had an introspection about the confused future. In order to protect Jingya, Zhuoyi was killed by the boss, and the boss was shot by Jingya's friend. The bad guys are ultimately legally tied. Jingya also left with her father to pursue an ideal life. In the span of five years, pioneering director D.W. Griffith delivered some 450 films for the Biograph Company at a rate of two or three films per week. One and two reels in length, these works showed the filmmaker inventing, borrowing, and perfecting techniques he later used to memorable effect in "The Birth of a Nation," "Intolerance," "Way Down East" and "Orphans of the Storm." Including Lillian and Dorothy Gish, Mary Pickford, Mack Sennett, Lionel Barrymore, Henry Walthall, and Mae Marsh. Among the 22 titles included on this landmark release are such widely recognized masterworks as "The Musketeers of Pig Alley," "The Battle at Elderbush Gulch," "The New York Hat," and "A Corner in Wheat." Cult classic starring Ralph Macchio as a want-to-be blues guitar virtuoso who seeks a long-lost song by legendary musician Robert Johnson. The swinging London, early sixties. Beautiful but shallow, Diana Scott is a professional advertising model, a failed actress, a vocationally bored woman, who toys with the affections of several men while gaining fame and fortune. A man kills his wife on their wedding night, after discovering she had been unfaithful. After being acquitted, he moves to the country, where he falls in love with an innocent girl. Nagavalli is a supernatural thriller; its story revolves around characters living in a house in Tirupati. After a family member receives a Nagavalli portrait as a prize in the Nagavalli Dance competition, various characters start having abnormal experiences. In order to save themselves and unfold the mystery, the family looks to Ramachandra Acharya and Dr. Vijay. Hal, a 15-year-old high-school student with a minor yet socially alienating (and painful) disability: he stutters uncontrollably. Determined to work through the problem, Hal opts for an extreme route he joins the school debating team, which sends him on a headfirst plunge into breakneck speech competitions and offers a much-needed boost toward correcting the problem. This is a film about female escorts who are living life as best they can. Kana Yamada makes her feature directorial debut, adapting her own stage play. Sairi Ito stars as the protagonist, Kanou.   As the front man of the Clash from 1977 onwards, Joe Strummer changed people's lives forever. Four years after his death, his influence reaches out around the world, more strongly now than ever before. In "The Future Is Unwritten", from British film director Julien Temple, Joe Strummer is revealed not just as a legend or musician, but as a true communicator of our times. Drawing on both a shared punk history and the close personal friendship which developed over the last years of Joe's life, Julien Temple's film is a celebration of Joe Strummer - before, during and after the Clash. An American sniper and his spotter engage in a deadly cat-and-mouse game with an Iraqi sniper. The German composer Valentin Reiner receives a letter from his ex-wife Anna, who now lives in Los Angeles with their 18-year-old son Stefan. In her letter, Anna asks Valentin to come and help her with their son. Stefan is engaged to Leila, a young Muslim woman from Palestine, who is three months pregnant with his baby. They live with Anna and Judge Boccia, who hates black Muslims. Stefan and Leila hate Jews. Together with his buddy Riff Mason, Stefan terrorizes the Jewish community with home invasions, where they paint swastikas on the houses and leave fake anthrax letters. Reiner is determined to expose the fascist group and regain the trust of his son. Based on real-life events, this psycho-thriller is set in the provincial Hungary of the 1960s, when a series of atrocious murders shock the small town of Martfu. A psychotic killer is on the prowl, who continues to slaughter young women while an innocent man is wrongly accused and sentenced for crimes he could never have committed. A determined detective arrives on the scene and soon becomes obsessed with the case while under pressure from the prosecutor to see a man hang. Stuck in the suffocating social, political and psychological world of socialist Hungary, we soon find ourselves entangled in a web of intricate conspiracy and disturbing drama. Geophysicist Dr. Josh Keyes discovers that an unknown force has caused the earth's inner core to stop rotating. With the planet's magnetic field rapidly deteriorating, our atmosphere literally starts to come apart at the seams with catastrophic consequences. To resolve the crisis, Keyes, along with a team of the world's most gifted scientists, travel into the earth's core. Their mission: detonate a device that will reactivate the core. Yang Fantaer (Cui Jingge), Li Jiazhen (He Chengwei) and Qi Yufang (Liang Yi) are three years old friends. Although it is over 30 years old, they remained single. In the face of emotional problems, they showed a passive attitude. C.S. Lewis, a world-renowned writer and professor, leads a passionless life until he meets spirited poet Joy Gresham  Matter-transmitter sabotage leaves a British scientist (Bryant Halliday) disfigured and full of amps. Samer grew up in Syria in the largest Palestinian refugee camp in the Middle East. In 2011, he is forced to join the Palestine Liberation Army in Syria, while the revolution explodes in Damascus. He starts filming and his friends also start recording all the pivotal moments of their day-to-day lives. What emerges little by little from a personal story, that of the film director, in the form of a haphazard diary, is the story of a group of friends, a neighbourhood, and a stateless people. Over the images taken on the fly in the army, overjoyed scenes of happy moments, testimonies of anger in the tumult of the demonstrations, wandering over arid land, in search of a non-existent way out, the film moves towards an ineluctable outcome. A photographer's life becomes dangerous when one of his models is murdered. After an unprecedented global pandemic has turned the majority of humankind into violent infected beings, Morgan, a man gifted with the ability to speak the infected's new language, leads the last survivors on a hunt for patient zero and a cure. Two beefed-up twins (played by the Paul brothers, Peter and David, who have appeared in several programmers as The Barbarian Brothers) operating on opposing sides of the law, team up to stop a nefarious crook in this actioner. Peter Jade is a notoriously arrogant burglar who ends up with the key to an enormous underground cache of diamonds. David Jade is a cop who joins forces with Peter after greedy Philip Chamberlain, wanting the diamonds for himself, kills David's partner No Overview Ludivine, 15, is facing the juvenile court system. Her judge offers an alternative to being placed in foster care: embark on a three-month walk across Spain. To reflect. To distance herself from her turbulent past. Ludivine accepts. It's the beginning of a 1700-kilometer journey on foot. To learn the story of its Independence, Olie Hunter Smart took on an immense challenge to walk the length of India, a 4,500km journey that saw him on his feet for over seven months seeking out untold stories of Independence and Partition.  Olie's route saw him trekking over snowy mountain passes high up in the Himalayas, battling intense heat in the northern plains, and being drenched to the bone by monsoon rains as he walked through the rural heartland of the country.  Following in Gandhi's footsteps, Olie immerses himself in the culture, being invited in by so many of the people he encounters, recording shocking and heartfelt first-hand accounts of India's struggle for freedom gained 70 years earlier.  Having never made a film before, this film is the culmination of almost two years of hard work, self-filming, writing, editing and producing, with invaluable support and music by Austin Vince.  Sergeant Keroro and his four subordinates came from the planet Keron to the Earth to conquer. However, without notice, they began to enjoy the life on the Earth. Keroro was supposed to stay with Hitana to get the chance to conquer the Earth, but he became friend with Hinata's son, Fuyuki.  Today, as usual, Keroro goes to buy his favorite Gundam plastic model with Fuyuki. On their way home, they find a small shrine, and enter. There, they find a vase, and happens to break it. Since the next day, strange things happen all over the town and people are in panic. Inside the vase, Kiruru, Keron's ancient ultimate weapon was sealed. At the moment, Mirara who holds the secret of the Kiruru appears and informs them of the only method to save the Earth. However... Laura Baxter is a young woman, literally a "sleeping beauty," who suffers from a medical condition called "parasomnia." A childhood accident victim, she is actually sleeping her life away, awakening briefly on rare occasions. Art student Danny Sloan falls in love with her, unaware that her hospital neighbor, a terrifying mass murderer and mesmerist named Byron Volpe has other, more sinister plans. In 2100, when humanity has abandoned the earth, a colony of extravagant creatures still thrives in the deepest abyss of the ocean. The author's personal confession. This essay film about the relationship between father and son is filmed exclusively in 16mm film in Prague, Slovenia, India, England and France. An important component of Brajnik's film narration is the musical composition and accompanying voiceover of the artist's alter ego. Carmen, a sixty-year-old woman, travels from Mexico City to the town where she was born after forty years of absence. There she begins to look for the traces of her father, who left her at birth, whether he is alive or dead. She wanders among distant relatives and flashes of her past. A story divided between melancholy and the luminous sky. In this horrifyingly modern fairytale lurks an online Boogeyman and two 12-year-old girls who would kill for him. The entrance to the internet quickly leads to its darkest basement. How responsible are our children for what they find there? A jobless youngster and his friend borrow money from a goon to start a business and fall into a trap of a filmmaker in disguise. A few unexpected incidents turn their life topsy-turvy. A romantic action film directed by Rathan Linga, starring Archana Ravi and Rishi Rithvik in the lead roles. The life of a young and charming girl who possesses 'special powers' turns topsy-turvy after she encounters an unexpected incident. A God-fearing bluesman takes to a wild young woman who, as a victim of childhood sexual abuse, is looking everywhere for love, but never quite finding it. A woman seeks vengeance against the man who killed her entire family. A reflection of childhood memories back home seen through the eyes of a young girl.  A three-part depiction of various forms of communication. Three young women dance in Drury Lane, London. A show between the revolutionary, the utopian and the necessary, but sometimes it can not escape the most mundane. Another Day At The Office offers an exclusive look at Tiesto on the road. We've followed him around the world, starting in the summer of 2002 until the end of the year. We've covered high-profile parties as Cream Ibiza, Bloemendaal, Impuiz Outdoor, ID&amp;T Innercity, Motion Open Air Switzerland, and several gigs from North American Area2 tour just to name a few. Laurie Strode comes to her final confrontation with Michael Myers, the masked figure who has haunted her since she narrowly escaped his killing spree on Halloween night four decades ago. Imagine that you are many years ahead in the future. In a world where games are indistinguishable from reality.   Short film. coming soon Public Hearing is the verbatim re-performance of a rural American town meeting from a transcript downloaded as publicly available information. Shot entirely in cinematic close-up on black-and-white 16mm film, a cast of actors and non-actors read between the lines in an ironic debate over the replacement of an existing Wal-Mart with a super Wal-Mart. Based on actual events, "La Voz" is the story of Olga, a young deaf woman from Central America, who receives what appears to be a scholarship to a faith-based sign language school located in Brooklyn, New York. A film crew arrives at a border town of Alicante and Murcia to shoot a western. This episode will change the routine of the locals, especially in the case of a group of children. Similarly, the shooting represents a return to his homeland of Sonia, who comes to town to star in the film, recalling a series of stories with no end closed In a small presbytery in Yorkshire, England, living under the watchful eyes of their aunt and father, a strict Anglican pastor, the Bronte sisters write their first works and quickly become literary sensations.  In an inland village, on a rainy night, the wake of a woman whose name is unknown takes place. There is only one mourner and two more men, attracted by destiny. During the night, like a game of cards, the identity of this woman who, according to them, once belonged to them and never saw again will be revealed. A very special shipment of tainted pork arrives in Santa Fe, N.M., transforming anyone who eats it into a brilliant, but psychotic, braniac -- including a dimwitted bimbo and a punk botanist who can now hear her beloved plants.  Finding himself in a house in the north of Iran by the Caspian Sea, the director picked up his handheld DV camera and began filming the seemingly anodyne events happening on the 500 metres of beach in front of his house--a piece of wood toyed with by the waves, people walking by the sea, indistinct shapes on a wintry beach or noisy ducks. It's Halloween night, and two "bad apples" decide to play some wicked tricks on the one house in a suburban cul-de-sac that is not celebrating Halloween. They terrorize a young couple in their home and these tricks become increasingly more sinister as the night progresses, finally ending in a Halloween the entire neighborhood will never forget. A socially inept fourteen year old experiences heartbreak for the first time when his two best friends -- Cappie, an older-brother figure, and Maggie, the new girl with whom he is in love -- fall for each other. A bounty hunter named Atticus Gage tracks down criminals in a post-apocalyptic Earth. Someday in My Life Ocean Home Positively 4th Street Lost Weekend Home Loan Blues A New Flame Night Nurse Something For You You Make Me Feel Brand New Stars Money in My Pocket Fake Thrill Me The Right Thing Something Got Me Started Holding Back the Years Money's Too Tight to Mention Fairground Sunrise Special Features Documentary Bonus Tracks: Live in Montreux: The Right Thing Live in Croatia: You Make Me Feel Brand New Mick Cam t's been said that a man is only as faithful as his options allow him to be. This seems to be the case for Myron who has more than his fair share of pretty, smart, funny and seductive women following behind him. When he finally meets "The One," his horrible reputation with the ladies precedes him and takes on a life of its own, and there is nothing he or his friends can do about it. When true love calls though, there is no denying it. Aegeon of Syracuse has come to Ephesus to seek his son, who went in search of his missing twin and mother months ago. Unfortunately, Ephesus has just declared war on Syracuse, and will instantly put to death any Syracusean found within their borders unless a ransom's paid. Meanwhile, the son, Antipholus, and his servant, Dromio (also an identical twin), keep running into strangers who seem to know them... How had a twenty-two-year-old pretentious layabout made a discovery that would elude every other cinematic pioneer for years to come? In a remote village in Eastern Europe, around 1900, the young Motl Mendl is entranced by the flickering silent images on his father's cinematograph. Bankrolled by Jacob, the ebullient local timber merchant, and inspired by Anna, the girl sent to help him make moving pictures of their village, he stumbles on a revolutionary way of story-telling. Forty years on, Motl - now a famed American film director - looks back on his early life and confronts the cost of fulfilling his dreams. I know it was in the picture. I made the picture and now the cow's getting paid and I'm not! Following Vincent in Brixton and The Reporter, Nicholas Wright's new play is a funny and fascinating tribute to the Eastern European immigrants who became major players in Hollywood's golden age. Every school day, African-American teenagers William Gates and Arthur Agee travel 90 minutes each way from inner-city Chicago to St. Joseph High School in Westchester, Illinois, a predominately white suburban school well-known for the excellence of its basketball program. Gates and Agee dream of NBA stardom, and with the support of their close-knit families, they battle the social and physical obstacles that stand in their way. This acclaimed documentary was shot over the course of five years. Merlo was the place chosen by the Lopez Araujo for their last family vacations. The day that the holidays end and they return to Buenos Aires, the parents will be separated. And the children will alternately see their father and mother. During the holidays the wife tries to live as if they were still a happy marriage. Journey through the afterlife with this informative and entertaining program exploring Dante's epic poem of grandeur and complexity. Delving deep into the enduring allegorical work, the film combines dramatic reenactments, modern images and artists' renderings inspired by the literary masterpiece, as well as visual interpretations by the Topiary Dance Group, location footage of Dante's native Florence and analysis from noted scholars. This short will explore the origins and nuances of the high five, bringing to life the unique legacy of the gesture and the story of one of its unsung originators. The filmmakers will tell the story of Glenn Burke and his origins as a baseball prodigy, his time in the majors and spontaneous "invention" of the gesture. Using this moment, the story then pivots to chronicle the simultaneous spread of the high five as both celebratory and political gesture alongside the professional and personal decline of Glenn Burke.  The story of a septuagenarian, recently divorced, which in its reconstruction desire and quest for a new companion will rediscover the small pleasures of life and the art of seduction.  Matias suffers from annoying nightmares, which don't let him move on with his life. Meanwhile, he passes his days between Eugenia, his wife, and Silvana, his lover. Sunk into the routine of everyday life, a young man of Zuberoa begins to devote himself to writing. He relates back to his uncle, an eccentric writer nicknamed Hollywood. He shares his moments of joy between tours with his uncle and times with his girlfriend Nerea, who has just returned to town. The young starts to perceive changes in their environment. A black man is on his heels and appears to spy him all day. Furthermore, this mysterious man appears to be the cause of rare events that affect their environment.  Six months before his retirement from the criminal police, inspector Joss finds his colleague Gouvion dead, in a poorly faked suicide attempt. Joss loses his temper, and investigates on his own, which leads him through the bas-fond of Paris... BELLE is inspired by the true story of Dido Elizabeth Belle, the illegitimate mixed race daughter of a Royal Navy Admiral. Raised by her aristocratic great-uncle Lord Mansfield and his wife, Belle's lineage affords her certain privileges, yet the color of her skin prevents her from fully participating in the traditions of her social standing. Left to wonder if she will ever find love, Belle falls for an idealistic young vicar's son bent on change who, with her help, shapes Lord Mansfield's role as Lord Chief Justice to end slavery in England  The films follows a man through the post apocalyptic environment of the housing crisis in the Mojave Desert. His job is to rid the pools of foreclosed homes of unwanted pests. On the road through this isolated region, he reflects on alternative ways of living and finds himself in his own solitude. CALIFORNIA CITY is a hybrid film which fluidly crosses the borders between fiction, documentary and essay. The form reflects the narrator's state of mind through feature film elements and an impressionistic use of images, photos and narration.  Two orphans set out to claim their inheritance - a 400 acre plot of land in Salem Oregon. To Do so they must cross the rugged snow covered Rocky Mountains in the year 1876. A young governess, Ann, is sent to a country house to take care of two orphans, Miles and Flora. Soon after her arrival, Miles is expelled from boarding school. Although charmed by her young charge, she secretly fears there are ominous reasons behind his expulsion. With Miles back at home, the governess starts noticing ethereal figures roaming the estate's grounds. Desperate to learn more about these sinister sightings she discovers that the suspicious circumstances surrounding the death of her predecessor hold grim implications for herself. As she becomes increasingly fearful that malevolent forces are stalking the children the governess is determined to save them, risking herself and her sanity in the process.  What is this film called Love? is a passionate, 77 minute poetic documentary about the nature of happiness. Perplexed at the sudden disappearance of her husband, a wife watches hours of videotape that he's recorded over the previous seven years to piece together some clues. The future is now and the future will collide at NXT TakeOver: R-Evolution. Adrian Neville defends the NXT Championship against Sami Zayn. .In THE THOMASHEFSKYS, Tilson Thomas explores the lives of his grandparents, Boris and Bessie Thomashefsky, through a musical performance that features five performers and the New World Symphony orchestra.   In a series of escalating encounters, former security guard David Dunn uses his supernatural abilities to track Kevin Wendell Crumb, a disturbed man who has twenty-four personalities. Meanwhile, the shadowy presence of Elijah Price emerges as an orchestrator who holds secrets critical to both men. After a group of actors learn their theater is in danger of being shut down, a kindly stranger gives them a map that may be the answer to their problems. They embark on a journey that will bring them face to face with dangerous waters, thrilling wilderness, and actual pirates!  Racheal Oniga, a wealthy Lagosian, is so eager to get more grandchildren that she plans a surprise wedding for her son disguised as his 41st birthday party. Howard Spence has seen better days. Once a big Western movie star, he now drowns his disgust for his selfish and failed life with alcohol, drugs and young women. If he were to die now, nobody would shed a tear over him, that's the sad truth. Until one day Howard learns that he might have a child somewhere out there... The lives of four strangers intersect in autumnal Berlin. When a contract killer (Steven Seagal) encounters a girl on the run from a dangerous mob boss (Vinnie Jones) with powerful political ties, running a human trafficking operation, he is torn between protecting the girl, and remaining loyal to the government agency that hired him.  On a continuing journey and without destination defined, the painter Anton Lamazares meets with friends and family to reflect about key issues to answer this question: what place is left for the art as a way of understanding existence? A pop phenomenon in every sense of the word, her catchy singles and sexy videos, plus a very public private life have made her a worldwide household name selling over 85 million records worldwide! Seventeen tripod-bound shots of fixed length observe the diverse and disparate settings in which 17 monuments, each bearing the words 'Memory', 'Truth' and 'Justice', were built by law to mark locations used as detention and torture centres during Argentina's military dictatorship between 1976 and 1983. A documentary film about Aquirax Aida. Experimental tour through the gardens of friends and acquaintances together with voice-over poems. Recorded in different formats overexposed during the live projection. Two men strike up a conversation as they sit on a park bench. But nothing is what it seems. Underground and gay writer Carlos Correas left a number of questions after his suicide. A few manuscripts, a diary, letters, and the traumatic screen version of a short story promise to be the parts of a puzzle that pieces together the experience of an intellectual life painfully argentinian.  Dioramas chronicles the rehearsals of a small contemporary dance company (charged by choreographer Mario Pattin) in a verite manner.  A documentary about a 15-day river-rafting trip on the Colorado River aimed at highlighting water conservation issues. La Negra and Vicenta are two homeless women. After losing their place and belongings, they meet Pola, a younger woman who is starting out in a previously unknown reality. The three women accompany each other revealing the complexities of being a woman, being older and living on the street. Count Karnstein sends for a doctor to help his sick daughter Laura. Her nurse believes she is possessed by the spirit of a dead ancestor;Carmilla. A young woman becomes intrigued by the mysterious deaths surrounding Laura after a carriage accident outside the castle forces her to stay. They become close friends until Laura becomes convinced the spirit of Carmilla is forcing her to kill. As he sits on a present situation where his childhood's expiration date gives way to an uncertain adolescence, Agustin decides to create a small freedom spot far from his daily routine. Divorced and now chaste, devout Catholic James tries to live a holy life to please God, but suddenly falls victim to seduction by a much younger woman. Two parallel tales of redemption, a century apart. In the New York storyline, Edge hunts for Angela's gold to pay back a debt, and gradually grows closer to her. In the Macedonian story, the brothers end up fighting for opposite sides of a revolution, with the religious Elijah taking up sides with the Ottoman sultan and gunslinger Luke joining "the Teacher" , a Macedonian rebel.  The tusk from a mammoth and a whale skeleton are found in a grotesque mix of bricks and destruction - a zoological museum has been blown up. Images of the bisected building with all the scattered remains of stuffed animals are broadcast worldwide along with the statement sent out by the underground group of artists who claim responsibility: "This is not entertainment. It is not a political statement. It is not even news... This is art!" Today, the House of Windsor continues to capture the world's imagination. This documentary gathers archival film footage and stills from nearly a century of official events. Eight friends travel to a cabin in the woods to celebrate their high school graduation.  Ballet Beautiful - Total Body Workout Are you up for a challenge? An Alphabet Challenge? Abby is excited to show her friends her new Fairy Fly Pad, a magical tablet loaded with cool games. But with a simple tap they accidentally get trapped inside the video game world of A. B. C-more, a mischievous elf obsessed with the alphabet. In order to get back to Sesame Street, the friends must defeat A. B. C-more in different video game challenges that test their knowledge of the entire alphabet.   Two leading computer scientists work toward their goal of Technological Singularity,  as a radical anti-technology organization fights to prevent them from creating a world where computers can transcend the abilities of the human brain. On July 16, 2009, Freestyle Motocross (FMX) rider Cam Sinclair lay in a hospital bed in Madrid, Spain fighting for his life. From the small town of Pearcedale in Australia, Cam had climbed to the top of the motocross world only to face losing it all in an instant. Life threatening injuries and intense rehabilitation to learn to walk, talk, and operate as a human being again, were not enough to extinguish his love of riding motorcycles. Almost exactly 12 months later, Sinclair had completed one of the greatest comebacks in sporting history and won the biggest event in action sports, the X Games..landing the very trick that almost cost him his life--the double backflip.  Arashi mixes Japanese rock, Noh Masks and the weird volcanic landscapes of Sado Island in a radical reworking of The Tempest. In this Tempest the storm has gone badly wrong and ruined the island, Caliban is now in charge and Miranda has gone crazy. Prospero is missing, presumed dead. When a singer arrives on the island, exiled to the brutal prison that Caliban overseas, he escapes into the interior where he encounters a crazed older exile, and starts to become intrigued by the ancient Demon songs of the island. The singer tries to recreate the songs of the Demons, which he learns have the power to bring Spring back to the island, or once again to bring the terrible Storm It's a dream come true! When Angelina Ballerina wins the Mouseland Herald's "Big Dreams Do Come True" competition and a place in the Metroquefort Ballet Junior Dance Company, she must make a big decision: Will she leap at the opportunity to become a prima ballerina or shine on at Camembert Academy with the support of her friends and family? Join Angelina as she discovers what matters most to any young mouseling in this heartwarming dancing and singing, must-see feature-length movie spectacular! A woman discovers that severe catastrophic events are somehow connected to the mental breakdown from which she's suffering. Hold on to your hardhats as the machine team shows what hard work and teamwork are all about in this Ultimate Can-Do Crew Collection featuring 10 amazing episodes! In Erati (Mozambique) is carried out since 2005 Erati Saude Program, focused on the development of the health network. It involves three Spanish NGO, together with the Ministry of Health of Mozambique, and with funding from the Generalitat Valenciana. In Erati live the protagonists of these three stories: The caneta, The capulana Madalena and glass eye. Three stories inspired by real characters and spaces. They are actually one story: the story of the meeting of two worlds in the struggle for life. Spring is in full bloom when urban gardener Vicki fights to save her community garden from a handsome real estate developer. Both are caught off guard when it's not just the flowers that are blooming, but also love. Tim Heidecker, Gregg Turkington, and special guests return to celebrate Hollywood's glitziest night. In Girish Kasaravalli's gently philosophical character piece, a humble, low-level civil servant cast as the lead in a popular TV serial chronicling the life of Gandhi finds uncanny echoes between his own life and that of the legendary leader -- and sets out to correct their mutual failings. (TIFF) In an imaginary Los Angeles, a bunch of cow-boys, a group of activists, three hippies, four teenagers and a few gangsters are waiting for a major event that is supposed to happen tonight. Meanwhile, they talk about their values, dreams, ideal lovers, and about how politics affect their lives. 1 Plus 1 Plus 1 - Sympathy for the Decay is an abstract expressionist film in three episodes about the consequences of moral choices. Iconic writer, director, actor, comedian and musician Woody Allen allowed his life and creative process to be documented on-camera for the first time. With this unprecedented access, Emmy-winning, Oscar-nominated filmmaker Robert B. Weide followed the notoriously private film legend over a year and a half to create the ultimate film biography. "Woody Allen: A Documentary" chronicles Allen's career - from teen writer to Sid Caesar's TV scribe, from stand-up comedian to award-winning writer-director averaging one film-per-year for more than 40 years. Exploring Allen's writing habits, casting, directing, and relationship with his actors first-hand, new interviews with A-listers, writing partners, family and friends provide insight and backstory to the usually inscrutable filmmaker. The story of boxer Emile Griffith, who took the life of fellow fighter Benny Paret in the ring during a live televised broadcast in 1962. In 2016, GRAMMY-nominated trio Above & Beyond left the electronic world behind, risking it all to go acoustic. Their new film Above & Beyond Acoustic - Giving Up The Day Job, follows the group's unlikely journey from the DJ booth to the Hollywood Bowl. In a California desert town, a short-order cook with clairvoyant abilities encounters a mysterious man with a link to dark, threatening forces. Peppa is a loveable, cheeky little piggy who lives with her little brother George, Mummy Pig and Daddy Pig. Peppa loves playing games, dressing up, visiting exciting places and making new friends, but her absolutely favorite thing is jumping up and down in muddy puddles! A Reno singer witnesses a mob murder and the cops stash her in a nunnery to protect her from the mob's hitmen. The mother superior does not trust her, and takes steps to limit her influence on the other nuns. Eventually the singer rescues the failing choir and begins helping with community projects, which gets her an interview on TV--and identification by the mob. This was Nikkatsu's first experiment with the Pink film or "eroduction" genre, before starting its Roman Porno series in 1971. A new kind of organism has been born. It is not made up of flesh and blood, but of circuits and wires. Witness the life of this organism unfold as it grows and thrives, until it must inevitably conclude. White powder, dealers and poseur women in a shady city you hardly get a glimpse of. Not to forget a man who introduces himself as a warrior talking to spirits. Salsa lovers share they love for gorillas, cocaine, sex and massages. A young artist follows her passion to study at one of the finest art institutes in San Francisco. Thad Beaumont is the author of a highly successful series of violent pulp thrillers written under the pseudonym of 'George Stark', but when he decides to 'kill-off' his alter-ego in a mock ceremony, it precipitates a string of sadistic murders matching those in his pulp novels, which are soon discovered to be the work of Stark himself. Looking like a maniacal version of his counterpart, Stark is not so willing to quit the writing game - even if it means coming after Thad's wife and their baby.   A story based on the life of a struggling Long Island single mom who became one of the country's most successful entrepreneurs. After years of waiting for a signal from home, Takumi and his toy robot companion receive a message that they will be returning to their home planet. Suddenly he's faced with a choice to follow his cosmic destiny or pursue the love of his life here on earth. After a rapid engagement, a dowdy daughter of a chemist weds an industrialist, knowing little of his family or past. He transforms her into an elegant society wife, but becomes enraged whenever she asks about Michael, his mysterious long-lost brother.  Carmen is taking a course in her neighborhood studying home care for the sick and elderly, sponsored by the government with the aim of social inclusion of the Gypsy people. Meanwhile, behind the discreet behavior of her everyday life, Carmen has a secret love life that defies the strict rules of her community. An ex-major forces a scientist to develop a invisibility formula, with which he plans to create an invisible army and sell it to the highest bidder. However there are side effects to the formula. In a California desert town, a short-order cook with clairvoyant abilities encounters a mysterious man with a link to dark, threatening forces. Documentary film about Argentinian filmmaker Fernando Birri. An interview: a journey through documentary filmmaking, his childhood, the dawning of New Latin American cinema... Get slim in 7! Denise Austin has revved up her workouts to give you a 7-minute solution to ignite your metabolism and start shedding pounds. Torch Calories Sculpt Lean Muscles and Burn off the FAT! Blast away unwanted fat with Denise Austin's SHRINK YOUR 5 FAT ZONES. Denise uses her favorite fat-burning cardio exercises to target-tone trouble zones on your butt belly back thighs and arms. Each workout is 10 minutes and delivers maximum calorie-burning results. Caito is approaching 30 years old and his friends grow and assemble projects he also wants for his life then becomes obsessed with the idea of being a father and from this need, begins a relationship with "Suzuki", the girl "easy" of the people, and with "Anita", a girl living in a violent home that requires a hard life. The improvised trio embarks on an adventure in which the desire to form a family seems to be close but in what appears to be the final stretch of history, Guillermo Pfening interrupted fiction as director but also as a brother offering to Caito the possibility to decide how you want to end his life film portrays.  A messed-up astronaut runs from the deadly black fog that slowly covers everything. He seems to have only a short memory but he needs to find a way out. We repeatedly follow him through different strange scenes where he seems to meet the same people on an on again, but each time they are different and the stories they tell seem to differ as well. The film focuses on a universal problem solving situation rather than on classic linear storytelling. Three interwoven stories: that of a young man who longs to be a champion of the Santos Laguna soccer team; that of a leader of the fan club who is overcome by despair when he loses his life-long job; and that of one of the team managers who finds out he has a terminal illness. Through these specifics, the story of the successful career of the Santos Laguna as a symbol of a region of Guerrero with lots of heart unfolds.  This unique documentary sets the stage in rural Alabama, prior to Emancipation, and traces the development, struggles, contributions and gradual loss of tradition of one of the last remaining African American benevolent societies. In 1973, 15-year-old William Miller's unabashed love of music and aspiration to become a rock journalist lands him an assignment from Rolling Stone magazine to interview and tour with the up-and-coming band Stillwater--fronted by lead guitar Russell Hammond, and lead singer Jeff Bebe. Angelina and her friends explore dances from near and far as they boogie, bop, skip and hop around the world in these exciting adventures. In step with a lively Irish Jig, the festive Chinese Dragon Dance, the smooth Cheddar Cheese Slide with a French flair, and more, the mouselings teach each other -- and themselves -- about the power of dance...and friendship. Star Light, Star Bright, let's go on a space adventure tonight! Barney encourages Riff to always reach for the stars, even when his homemade spaceship doesn't reach Mars. Baby Bop learns about Mr. Moon's important job lighting the night for the world, and BJ sees he's special just the way he is -- astronaut or not. Barney and friends discover that the sky is not the limit when you use your imagination! shaw production Meet Scout and his friends, Violet, Eli, and Penny...best friends who have all kind of learning adventures along with their magical toy car, Axle. The friends are engaged in a hot game of "In other Words..." when they learn that the new Museum of Opposite Words is opening in their town today! Intrigued as to what opposite words might be, they hurry off to the museum. At the museum they find The Beaver Brothers struggling to get the exhibits completed in time for the Opening Night Gala and and the museum curator, Mr Polecat in full panic mode. Together the friends use vocabulary skills to unlock the clues and help the Beaver Brothers complete all of the exhibits in the nick of time! An ageing hippie couple, settled in a hermitage on the edge of a forest, far away from the outside world. A boy, aimlessly wandering the forest, seeking shelter. And the story of a never-ending escape from catastrophy.  The Sex Pistols album Never Mind The Bollocks Here's The Sex Pistols is unquestionably one of the most important musical statements in the history of British music. It was in 1977, at a time when the nation was crippled by class division and unemployment that four working class teenagers with supposedly non-existent futures recorded an album that to this day remains as one of the greatest and most influential bodies of work ever recorded. This documentary features exclusive interview's with all four of the original members of the Sex Pistols as they take you on a track by track look at the making of the album. Featuring Steve Jones and Glen Matlock demonstrating selected riffs and licks off the album and explaining the development of the song writing. Candid interviews with Malcolm McLaren, Chris Thomas and Bill Price set the record straight about the recording session. Intertwining additional rare home video, live footage and early demo's make this release a compelling must see. "A journey around an abandoned grain silo outside the animators studio." Experimental animated film; ink and paint on found 70mm film, collaged 35 and 16mm film on surface. 2011 12 30, a date; a woman draws the outline of her body on a wall to say something we'll only understand at the very end. As not-quite-orderlies who're downright Disorderlies, rap-music favorites The Fat Boys rule. Playing the freewheeling caretakers of the frail Dennison (Hollywood legend Ralph Bellamy), they stir up a comedic culture clash in Palm Beach society that only proves laughter is the best medicine this side of a tax refund. A series of auditions is taking place in a museum-like living room. Various men improvise or deliver prepared lines, rehearse gestures and slogans, aim guns, and collapse as if mortally wounded. The theme of revolution is repeatedly invoked. In between, there are scenes of a desert landscape. Three men seeking to join the Mexican Revolution at the beginning of the last century have lost their way. Conflicts smolder among them, water is running low, and mutual mistrust is beginning to take hold. Placing the reenactment of a possible historical event alongside the preparations for it serves to underline the theatricality of every cinematic account of history. Moreover, on a kind of playful meta-meta-level, the scenes in which the actors feel their way through set pieces from a Beatles song or standard battle slogans allow the viewer to witness the simultaneous construction and deconstruction of a collective myth of revolution. All grown up in post-apocalyptic 2018, John Connor must lead the resistance of humans against the increasingly dominating militaristic robots. But when Marcus Wright appears, his existence confuses the mission as Connor tries to determine whether Wright has come from the future or the past -- and whether he's friend or foe. Victoria Spick, a criminal lawyer who is single, turns up at a wedding and meets three men there: David, the father of her daughters; Vincent, a friend of hers; and Sam, a former drug dealer who she bailed out. The next day, Vincent is accused of attempted murder by his partner. The story of Kaspar Hauser, who grew up in dark isolation from humanity, it is provided by a Gallician artist with a radical experimental adaptation that aims to be nothing less than a religious message. Black &amp; white 16mm, without the language of reason, eye to eye with the primaeval puzzle. The story of Kaspar Hauser, the German 'wild child' who grew up for 16 years in silence and virtually in the dark in a stable with only a wooden horse as company, remains fascinating, also for filmmakers. Four teenagers from a Paris suburb participate in an audiovisual education project in which they become improvised reporters for the 2010 World Cup in South Africa. An unforgettable experience puts them face to face with a completely different social reality from theirs, as well as the birth of new friendships and the discovery of new feelings. American car designer Carroll Shelby and the British-born driver Ken Miles work together to battle corporate interference, the laws of physics, and their own personal demons to build a revolutionary race car for Ford Motor Company and take on the dominating race cars of Enzo Ferrari at the 24 Hours of Le Mans in France in 1966. Since the late 1960s, the almost annual productions of Richard Foreman's Ontological-Hysteric Theater have been among New York's artistic highlights. A legend of the avant-garde theater, Foreman is also a passionate film fan, whose taste ranges from American avant-garde to Manoel de Oliveira. ONCE EVERY DAY marks his first foray into feature filmmaking in 35 years. Highly visual, complexly edited and without a traditional narrative, the film zeroes in on a group of 25 people acting out a series of semi-ritualistic behavior patterns. But their eccentric impulses are aborted in unpredictable ways with each attempt at action or development. According to the director, "The film slowly evolves a time-mosaic of reformatted consciousness." Longtime admirers of Foreman's work will see an intriguing adaptation of his unique theatrical style to the cinema. And for everyone else: Welcome to the extraordinary world  of Richard Foreman.   Medical researcher Frank, his fiancee Zoe and their team have achieved the impossible: they have found a way to revive the dead. After a successful, but unsanctioned, experiment on a lifeless animal, they are ready to make their work public. However, when their dean learns what they've done, he shuts them down. Zoe is killed during an attempt to recreate the experiment, leading Frank to test the process on her. Zoe is revived -- but something evil is within her.    Johannes, an ex-con now working as a antiques dealer, is faced with a huge debt. He is put under pressure to pay and agrees to steal the Russian crown jewels on exhibition onboard a cruise ship. Three strangers, two men and a woman, end up sharing a compartment on a train leaving Beijing for Shanghai -- the lone woman is quiet while one of the young men is gregarious and funny, and the other is more reserved, but compassionate. Eventually, the men cannot help but note the woman's silence -- it turns out she is running away from her employers who felt she was pretty much a derelict, and from some friends who were of questionable ethics, though she is not about to say anything to the two men. When she gets off the train in Nanjing, one of the young men from the train -- somewhat worried about his silent travel partner -- decides to follow her to make sure she will be okay. And it is a good thing he did so because she is menacingly approached by some obvious thugs and the young man gets her out of the potentially hazardous encounter. A story of love and life among the landed English gentry during the Georgian era. Mr. Bennet is a gentleman living in Hertfordshire with his overbearing wife and five daughters, but if he dies their house will be inherited by a distant cousin whom they have never met, so the family's future happiness and security is dependent on the daughters making good marriages. The story revolves around the lives of two bosom friends Parvathy and Lekshmi. Their friendship, a love triangle, and subsequent traumas form the crux of the movie. Slowly and elegiacally, the camera glides at first over a forest shrouded in fog, then over a panorama of Rio de Janeiro. An off-screen voice tells us that Rio is a factory of dreams and nightmares, a city of transformations. In her essayistic film, director Evangelia Kranioti explores the poetic words of her transgender narrator Luana Muniz, who is herself an icon of Brazil's queer subculture. Amidst a somnambulistic tide of images she enters the pulsating world of creatures of the night. A stream of consciousness from Brazil's underground flows straight into the heart of the city's street carnival. In between the masks and the make-up, the young, naked and new bodies and a spectacular firework display, people come into view who have undergone a transformation that makes it difficult to clearly ascribe them to any gender. A white clown leads us through the film's visual universe in which, all of a sudden, raw-faced anti-government protests also put in an appearance Loro, a ballet dancer, learns Luciana, his girlfriend, is pregnant. When she quits their ballet production and leaves, Loro looks for her in San Francisco. Lule and Rama: their life as a couple is sustained on a difficult balance -always one step away from turning into either heaven or hell. And it shouldn't surprise us if at some point the relationship turns into either of these possibilities. Documentary about Rene Lavand, the world famous Argentine magician specializing in card magic that makes his dreams with only the help of his left hand, losing the right in an accident as a child. Far from being defeated by such a circumstance, Lavand obsessively practiced from childhood to achieve complete mastery of the deck and be recognized as one of the greatest magicians in history. In this documentary, Andres Di Tella and Dario Schvarsztein discussed sensitively and accurately the motivations and creative processes of three Mexican contemporary artists of great global impact: Pedro Reyes, Carlos Amorales and Minerva Cuevas. Santiago Mitre co-directs his first movement following The Student together with choreographer Onofri Barbato. Although it would have been more accurate to say "his first film-story-adventure-movie-great movie following The Student", the word movement fits perfectly in Los posibles, the most overwhelmingly kinetic work Argentine cinema has delivered in many, many years. The film deals with the adaptation of a dance show directed by Onofri together with a group of teenagers who came to Casa La Salle, a center of social integration located in Gonzalez Catan, trying to find some refuge from hardship. Already entitled Los posibles, the piece opened in the La Plata Tacec and was later staged in the AB Hall of the San Martin Cultural Center. Now, it dazzles audiences out of a film screen, with extraordinary muscles and a huge heart: Los posibles is a rhapsody of roughen bodies and torn emotions. Precise and exciting, it's our own delayed, necessary, and incandescent West Side Story.    Sandra Gugliotta gets into the classrooms of the high school Nicolas Avellaneda neighborhood of Palermo. The flickers of that story coming through the media tend to be in black and white, with heroes and villains, and the film Gugliotta what it shows is how, with successes and failures, all work around a same idea, which is to better education in better conditions. Naturally it is not here an idyllic story is told, while there are conditions ("state special situation in which it is someone or something") in which it becomes very difficult to study and conditions ( "ability or willingness") against which it is also very difficult to hold any dialogue. But before the general state of tension, witness these dialogues is, at least, encouraging. (Extracted from BAFICI.gob.ar) The egalitarian marriage law was approved in 2010 in Argentina and Maximiliano has some new questions. Does he want to marry his boyfriend, now that he can? Feature film. So Boring, a nobody who has no love from everyone except from childhood sweetheart Bobo, receives a weird text message one day, saying: Ever thought of deleting those you dislike? So Boring, a nobody who has no love from everyone except from childhood sweetheart Bobo, receives a weird text message one day, saying: Ever thought of deleting those you dislike? So Boring, a nobody who has no love from everyone except from childhood sweetheart Bobo, receives a weird text message one day, saying: Ever thought of deleting those you dislike? So Boring, a nobody who has no love from everyone except from childhood sweetheart Bobo, receives a weird text message one day, saying: Ever thought of deleting those you dislike? Thirty years after living in Spain, Paco returns to Argentina to sponsor the wedding of a friend. Retired and separated from his Spanish wife, he is reunited with his affections. As always, in the last thirty years, Margarita, and retired as a teacher, life creeps forward. In the wedding party, best man and Paco Margarita like in charge of catering, intersect again but not found, until he discovers a video of the party. Love truncated by the absence and her refusal to answer his letters, reborn in a search for lost time.  When a sprite named Crysta shrinks a human boy, Zak, down to her size, he vows to help the magical fairy folk stop a greedy logging company from destroying their home: the pristine rainforest known as FernGully. Zak and his new friends fight to defend FernGully from lumberjacks -- and the vengeful spirit they accidentally unleash after chopping down a magic tree. When Michael, a successful theatre director learns that he suffers from an incurable disease, he resigns and goes to an abandoned cottage to write his memoirs. His life companion and a nurse stay by his side. They have a hard time trying to make the last days bearable of a man who seems to give up his life too easily. Until a charismatic young man shows up. Theres no job too big for Bob the Builder and his Can-Do Crewand no animal too small to cause problems for the team! Spud the scarecrow stirs up trouble when his homemade skateboard almost wrecks Bobs work; Farmer Pickles baby chicks find comfort from an unlikely feathered friend, and Pilchard the cat becomes the hero of the day at the local dog show. The machine team have to work their magic to avoid big bunny trouble while searching for Mr. Ellis magic rabbit. Even through silly mix-ups, close calls and tight deadlines, Bobs team proves that the fun is in getting it donetogether! A feature film based on the documentary "Our Brand Is Crisis", which focuses on the use of American political campaign strategies in South America. Actions of Indication is an intermission film, which means it is a film for the intermissions in movie theaters. Get the message: FILM is caviar like BASKIN ROBBINS is ice cream. Johnny Barbuzano - South Africa's attempt at creating the fastest feature fil ever made. -  Bryan van Niekerk, Asher Mikkel Stoltz, Eduan van Jaarsveldt Three teenagers with missing parents cross their lives by the river Tormes in Salamanca. One of them lives in a boarding school, another has just lost his father, and one lives badly in a tent by the river. No adults in their lives, without direction, they are becoming adults but still do not own their life. In a remote village in the mountains, Yzza is still waiting for the monthly package of medicine that her husband Hossein sends to treat their daughter. Failing to have the medicine being a matter of life and death, Yzza decides to go to Casablanca to fetch it. Without a proper address and with little money in her bag, this inexperienced, religious, naive woman does not even fathom that Casablanca is an enormous metropolis, very far from her little rural village. Yzza's bag is stolen and in her misfortune Yzza meets a young woman, a prostitute wanted by the police. From adventure to adventure, Yzza discovers the workings of an absurd society where her sensible codes are pushed and shoved. Director Naoufel Berraoui skillfully knits the portrayal of a city swarming with cars and people with the dramatic lives of his characters. A remarkable cast directed with sensitivity in a poignant drama with documentary-like accents.  Suraj (Sanjay Dutt), a police inspector, grew up in a wealthy family headed by his police inspector father, Sangram (Shashi Kapoor), but when his sister's wedding falls apart due to Sangram's refusal to remove his brother from the house, Suraj confronts some family skeletons. Soon Suraj finds himself arrested for murder, and the woman he loves, Vanisha (Amrita Singh), may be implicated in this action-packed thriller from India. On the eve of his fiftieth birthday, an actor discovers that he's got stomach cancer. He must now face his shattered life.  A group of five college graduates rent a cabin in the woods and begin to fall victim to a horrifying flesh-eating virus, which attracts the unwanted attention of the homicidal locals. At the site of the 1969 rock concert at Woodstock, New York, an electrical charge turns a local farmer into a murderous werewolf. A female collage co-ed freshman who was involved in a fatal car crash discovers she may not have survived the tragedy after all when she becomes caught between the world of the living and the dead A sort of limbo state of being between both the real and the spirit worlds in which the ghosts of the afterlife want to collect her, or even worse, use her body in its transition state to enter our world Parisian playboy plays father to an abandoned baby who interferes with his womanising. The lovers travel as if magical cosmic twins; but their earthbound existence induces recurring distraction, ill health, and indifference. Resolution comes, but it too is multiply doubled. The story of the dysfunctional Tounsia family where Zakia, the matriarch of the family loves her son Selim to the point of enslaving the rest of the family. And the rest of the family just want one thing, and that is for Selim to get married and be out of their lives forever. From the producers of Twilight in Forks comes Twilight in Volterra - the definitive movie about Volterra, Italy, the town made famous by the Twilight books and movies. Since the Twilight movies weren't filmed in the real Volterra, this is your opportunity to see the town that Stephenie Meyer handpicked as the setting for the vampire dynasty in her epic saga. Are there truly vampires there? Hear from the real people living their lives in the town describe the medieval history and dark past that eerily match events from the books and movies. Drive into town just as Bella and Alice did on their frantic journey to save Edward, see the Volturi palace, and escape their clutches as you exit through the giant stone gate in the ancient city wall. Filmed in full HD by award-winning Director Jason Brown, this movie is a must-have for Twilight fans who want to know the true story of Volterra, and the untold tales of its unique history, mysticism and culture. Eddie Griffing, Tiny Lister, Tommy Ford Rey Hernandez -  Rey Hernandez In BRIDGE THE GAP, Global Explorer Chris Bashinelli- travels the world to experience life outside of his hometown- Brooklyn, New York. In this program, he visits the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation to explore a culture all but expunged from history books. A man is murdered, apparently by one of a group of soldiers just out of the army. But which one? And why? In this science fiction thriller, David Whitman (William Hurt) is a chemist who lost his wife and child in a freak accident and is trying to rebuild his life on his own. While doing research, Whitman discovers a series of mysterious deaths that seem to follow in the path of Joseph Mueller (Peter Weller), a seemingly ordinary man who works as a security guard. Unknown to Mueller, his body carries a strange contaminant that's deadly to many people, and Whitman is desperate to find Mueller and stop him before he can cause more deaths. The cast of a horror movie reunites to celebrate their success and get more than they bargained for in Marlowe House. Can they survive a horrifying night of Ghosts, Demonic Possessions, Murder and REVENGE? Cirque du Soleil presents The Mystery of Mystere, a captivating documentary that explores how arts and science merge together using Mystere, the critically acclaimed Las Vegas show at Treasure Island, as the outlet for this message. The film takes a reference of important historical events connected with Punjab and talks about the present. It touches upon events such as the partition of the country, 1984 anti-Sikh holocaust, and reflects the present situation of Punjab. A successful couple with a beautiful daughter, gorgeous home and a mother-in-law and housekeeper that are both eccentric are all the ingredients necessary for a somewhat perfect yet always interesting family. But when Jennifer finds out that her husband Terrance has been cheating on her for years, the family is changed forever. Can Jennifer learn to forgive Terrance so their marriage can be saved, or is it too late to make amends? INVESTMENT tells us the story a typical 'upwardly mobile' couple, Aashish, an ambitious young man, about to change his job for joining an American firm and his wife, Prachi, who is encouraging and eager to move into a higher class of society. (This couple is indicative of the young people in urban areas thriving to achieve more, albeit at cost of social values). Shot on 16mm, this wondrous silent film study from avant-garde master Peter Hutton (At Sea) observes human movement across three distinct landscapes: Detroit, along the Hudson River Valley and in the Dallol Depression in Ethiopia. Here are seven stories from seven of the most interesting young filmmakers from Cebu,each of them filled with memorable characters. On a Black Saturday, two kids put their friendship to the test; a fortune teller discovers his own bad luck; a woman strolls around a foliage and finds her man engrossed in a play; a brokenhearted girl talks to  a man who wronged her; a man goes out to join his friends for a good time and unravels his ugly past; a hooker and a customer share their sins; and a young woman wrestles with her demons--all told in an experiment that brings out the zeal and bravado of today's youth. A young woman working as a maid for a big time stage performer is mistaken for the star in Buenos Aires and becomes a great success in the land of the tango. Meet the Wot Wots 2013 Growing up can be a bumpy road, and it's no exception for Riley, who is uprooted from her Midwest life when her father starts a new job in San Francisco. Riley's guiding emotions-- Joy, Fear, Anger, Disgust and Sadness--live in Headquarters, the control centre inside Riley's mind, where they help advise her through everyday life and tries to keep things positive, but the emotions conflict on how best to navigate a new city, house and school. A Documentary on the Creation of OVO, by Cirque du Solei  Get ready for mischief, mystery and marvelous good times in Strawberry Shortcake: Berry Bitty Mysteries. You'll follow the clues to fun and adventure as Strawberry and her pals learn to face their fears, become real-life heroines and find some missing VIPs (Very Important Pets)! It's glimmery girl power to the rescue in these stories of friendship and understanding. Paranormal and supernatural mysteries abound at Scotland's Rosslyn Chapel, one of the most mysterious places in the world. From the head of Jesus and the Holy Grail, to the Secret Templar text and Dark Magick, explore this enigmatic Paranormal hot spot. In this Super Dee Duper collection of the most huggable moments, Barney brings preschoolers on journeys big and small and reminds everyone that they're special just the way they are!  The story of Mexican rodeo women told through a team of horsewomen in California known as Las Azaleas. His mother has left and Gonzalo doesn't know why. How he is taking care of his little infant sister all alone, though he himself is barely ten years old. Neighbours help and try to figure out what should be done with the two children. Like old Felipe with his pub, the veterinarian Julio and his wife, or kind Lorena, who's stranded in the town. And gradually Gonzalo finds out what is really going on. A retired old man experiences strange surreal events at his apartment. Fantasy Family Short Film Sara finds a sketchbook among old books in an attic room of her grandmother's home. She draws pictures and they pop up from the sketchbook. In this omnibus film, six directors from the region each reflect on the Chinese diaspora. Thai filmmaker Aditya Assarat describes a meeting in Thailand between Paula and her friends, who have Chinese roots, with her cousin Mumu, who was born in China; Royston Tan from Singapore tells of the special meaning that making the traditional Popiah dish has for a Chinese family; Midi Zhao from Myanmar follows the death of a grandfather surrounded by Chinese customs in a village in Myanmar; Sun Koh from Singapore makes a small-scale comedy about the commercialisation of the local radio station, influenced by mainland China; Tan Chui Mui from Malaysia composes a poetic, visual reflection on being an outsider and wandering; and Tsai Ming-liang, also born in Malaysia, observes the seventh-storey apartment in which he grew up as a child. Friends become increasingly addicted to a video game that has an evil agenda. THE LACK is a spiritual journey through four variations on the theme of "lack" AS interpreted by six female characters. It shows how six women are immersed within the silent and primitive force of nature. Eve, Xiu, Anja, Nour and Sarah are taken through a journey of self-knowledge into a sublime and mysterious nature. This film tells the surprising story of how the Allegheny Observatory has been a world leader in the study of the stars since the 1860s. Self-educated, and often facing unrelenting hardships, the people associated with the Allegheny Observatory defied the odds to make enormous contributions to the founding of astrophysics and early aviation. Witness how ZED comes to life in its making-of documentary. Learn how the show became more than its individual pieces. Through the nurturance and cultivation of a sense of community between ZED artists, musicians and technicians, Francois Girard encouraged the show to develop its own arrangement and follow the rhythm of its own heartbeat.  Ayushman Bhava is a Telugu movie starring Amala Paul and Charan Tez in prominent roles. It is a drama movie directed by Charan Tez. When a young man, down on his luck, learns about his father's killer's parole, it sets off a cat and mouse chase through the hostile desert, searching for a hidden family inheritance. The main character is stricken with a horrible disease, but it doesn't affect him. It spreads to every inamimate object that he touches, and then if another person touches the object, they are dissolved into it. No one knows that Jake is the carrier except him. This brings about the "red objects" that specify every object that he has touched, as discovered by the community with cats. They use cats to test inanimate objects for the disease. And they cover themselves in garbage bags to protect themselves. Then they discover that Jake is the carrier and they chase him around... A group of archaeologists uncover a strange structure in Northern Canada, dating over ten thousand years before the present. The team finds themselves isolated when their communication systems fail and it's not long before they begin to feel the effects of the solitude. Academy Award nominee and Tony Award-winner John Lithgow (Dirty Rotten Scoundrels, Shrek, 3rd Rock from the Sun) takes the title role in Arthur Wing Pinero's uproarious Victorian farce, directed by Olivier Award-winner Timothy Sheader (Crazy for You and Into the Woods, Regent's Park Open Air Theatre, London).  In a similar vein to the National Theatre's smash-hit classic comedies, She Stoops to Conquer and London Assurance, The Magistrate is sure to have audiences doubled up with laughter. When amiable magistrate Posket (John Lithgow) marries Agatha (Olivier Award-winner Nancy Carroll, After the Dance), little does he realise she's dropped five years from her age - and her son's. When her deception looks set to be revealed, it sparks a series of hilarious indignities and outrageous mishaps. Sebastian is ten years old and just moved with his parents to a neighborhood in the suburbs of Mendoza. On the first day of class, he meets two of his new schoolmates: Email, a big boy who wears his karate suit under his smock and is the son of a motel owner, and Guzman, an olive-skinned kid who's been living with his grandmother since his parents ran away. The three kids chat while others sing the national anthem, and come to the conclusion that all the teachers could die at that exact moment and it wouldn't change much: right after they say it, the music teacher falls as if she were struck by lightning. Not without some sense of guilt, they spend the following days (without classes due to mourning, of course) living among hostility and lack of understanding from the grown-ups, walking and talking through the vineyards under Mendoza's eternal sun -which also seems to fill this tale of initiation and friendship with warmth. Argentina 2013     A single moment in the relationship of two teenage girls in foster care, as one leaves in search of her biological sister. As the rather fussy 'Mr. W' is dining in a restaurant, the waiter introduces him to an attractive woman, who sits down at his table. She asks him to take her to the theater, but he declines, indicating that he would prefer to relax at the restaurant. To entertain her, he teaches her a word game called the 'Minute Game'. On the trail of a missing friend who had been experimenting with mind-altering drugs, a young journalist - aided by a rogue counter-culture writer, The Silence of The Lambs -- finds herself drawn into the dangerous world of top-secret government chemical research and the mystery of a disturbing radio signal of unknown origin. A fast-paced thriller blending fact and fiction, Banshee Chapter is based on real documents, actual test subject testimony, and uncovered secrets about covert programs run by the CIA. Ariane Astrid Atodji investigates to discover the reason why her father left his family in Benin years ago and never returned. In this fun, filled romp, Mecha and Ophelia, a couple, are going through a crisis caused by a third woman. Mecha decides to get over it and swears to Ophelia that she'll stop seeing her lover. After a few months, she realizes she can't do it. Ophelia can't leave Mecha either, and decides to find a lover herself. Events take the most unexpected of turns for Mecha, who realizes her angst persists, and starts to suspect it has nothing to do with love...or does it? Vellachi is a 2013 Indian Tamil film directed by debut director Velu Viswanath featuring Pintu and Suchitra Unni in the lead roles. This film is a village based script, completely filmed in Vellore district. Mathil Mel Poonai  is a 2013 Tamil thriller film written and directed by Barani Jayapal. Vijay Vasanth and Vibha Natarajan play the lead roles in the film. The villains in the film are Karthik, Prabha, Ramesh. Thambi Ramayya and Meera Krishna share screen space also playing the key roles in the movie. The lyrics for Mathil Mel Punai have been penned by Yugabharathi and Thamarai. The Ganesh Raghavendra musical, LK Vijay cinematography and Praveen-Srikanth editorial is to hit the international screens on March 8. The film is copied from hollywood film Eden Lake.The film panned by critics and become box office disaster. Sundaattam is a 2013 Tamil film written and directed by Brahma G. Dev. Irfan and new-find Arundhathi play the hero and the heroine. Britto has composed the music and Achu of Maalai Pozhudhin Mayakathilaey fame, the background score. Sundattam is a film based on Carrom gambling in Royapuram area in North Madras. Mahesh (Mirchi Senthil) is a young unemployed man living in Thiruvarur who enjoys hanging out with his friends. His father (Livingston) is unhappy with his son's irresponsible lifestyle and attempts suicide. Mahesh then begins to search for a job, and with the help of his friend, Appu Kutty (Muruga Dass), finds a job in Singapore. He meets Janani (Iniya), who is a Singapore citizen, and attempts to marry her in order to obtain citizenship. but the truth was that she was not a Singapore citizen. Kothai comes to India from France to trace his familial roots. Having learns about his father's bitter past, he decides to bring his entire family back. Will his good intention win their acceptance?  A young aspiring suicide candidate. A salesman of stolen knives. An evangelical pastor with a mystic past. The stories of these characters intertwine in a cold, hopeless Germany. In a disused ethnographic museum located in a former human and animal zoo, an experiment unfolds over the course of one year. A newly reunited young couple's drive through the Pacific Northwest turns into a nightmare as they are forced to face nature, unsavory locals, and a monstrous creature, known to the Native Americans as Oh-Mah.  Conrad and Sally Walden are home alone with their pet fish. It is raining outside, and there is nothing to do. Until The Cat in the Hat walks in the front door. He introduces them to their imagination, and at first it's all fun and games, until things get out of hand, and The Cat must go, go, go, before their parents get back. The three-film saga comes to a conclusion as three leaders of the underworld battle it out to determine who will become Don of Japan. The movie stars Judd Nelson as a wealthy but unstable hermit who is convinced he will soon become insane much as his father did; his father actually did go insane and murdered Nelson's character's mother. He hires a private investigator (played by Vincent Spano) to look into his wife's possible motives for helping drive him insane. The wife, played by Jennifer O'Dell, is a sort of trophy wife; Nelson's character is certain that she is out to both drive him insane and rob him of his fortune.  A look a the life of 19th century Indian painter Raja Ravi Varma.  After his father's untimely death, Kannan (Jayabala), an affluent young man, is hounded by a rival landlord (Rajesh) who wants to completely run him into the ground. Will Kannan be able to stand up to his adversary? Gharshane is a 2014 Indian Kannada language action thriller film directed by Dayal Padmanabhan, and is a remake of the 2011 Tamil film, Yuddham Sei. It stars Malashri, Ashish Vidyarthi and Ayyappa Sharma in the lead roles. The supporting cast features Roopika, Muni and Keerthiraj. All films featured in the 2013 Fly Fishing Film Tour. Documentary short about surface mining. Two brothers who can feel each others' pain and pleasure mess up the French revolution. Captured over 3 sold out nights in their home town at Minneapolis, First Avenue, this DVD features songs from all 6 Trampled by Turtles' albums, including "Codeine," "Wait So Long" and TBT's version of the Pixies(TM) classic, "Where is My Mind?" Check Your Body at the Door is about the remarkable underground House dancing in NYC's golden decade - the 1990s. Everyone deserves a great love story. But for seventeen-year old Simon Spier it's a little more complicated: he's yet to tell his family or friends he's gay and he doesn't know the identity of the anonymous classmate he's fallen for online. Experience the grandeur of Austria's capital city in the 19th century with this celebration of the Viennese waltz and the composers who ushered in a new era of ballroom dancing: Johann Strauss and his son. The majesty of the waltz comes alive as dancers in period costume gracefully whirl about the floor, musically accompanied by soprano Lesley Garrett and Master's Wiener Walzer Tanz Ensemble of the Wiener Akademie. A woman and her baby have just moved into a new home. After she calls her mother, guests start to come up the stairs: isn't this where the housewarming is? When she hesitantly lets them in, it turns out to be the beginning of a nightmare. A man realizes that his lover is cheating on him by sleeping with another man and follows her to a hotel. He phones his close friend to inform that he is about to murder her, not realizing that it is this very friend who is having an affair with the girl. When a plane carrying a pair of top secret military robots crashes on a deserted Pacific island, a team of Navy seals must find them and turn them off as soon as possible for the longer they are activated, the smarter they become. After having released her fourth album "Red" in October 2012, Taylor Alison Swift continues to tear up the charts. In this film we learn how Swift becomes one of America's biggest Country and Pop music artists. The Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra, under the direction of Riccardo Chailly, preformed this concert inspired by works from the cinema in July of 2011. Pieces include scores form Dmitri Shostakovich, Nino Rota and Ottorino Respighi. Wildcard Movies third offering to date. After the success of previous films we set out to do something bigger, a 2 year mega-project that would give us time to truly showcase our riders and filmmaking abilities. Four sexy groundbreaking gay short films of lust, love, libidos, and liberation. Includes 'L.T.R.', 'O Beautiful', 'Bumping Heads', and 'This Car Up'. Stand up comedy special: Akintunde An epic adventure movie featuring Carter Sharer and Lizzy Sharer as they experience a crazy series of events in the attempt to become popular YouTube vloggers and harness the power of a magical vlog camera. The movie has epic cameo appearances from famous YouTubers so keep an eye out for who you recognize. This action packed adventure explores themes of togetherness, overcoming great odds, creativity, and the value of friendship A story set in the Green Line in Nicosia, Cyprus, where a wall divides a country. Two soldiers, a Greek Cypriot and a Turkish Cypriot, decide to embark on a secret journey that is dangerous no matter which side you are at. Overview Coming Soon... UFC 5: The Return of the Beast was a mixed martial arts event held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship on April 7, 1995, at the Independence Arena in Charlotte, North Carolina. The event was seen live on pay per view in the United States, and later released on home video. The story is of a quirky mother and son who live in a modern Japanese, urban setting. The mother Kyoko has been long feeding human meat to her introverted teenage son, Mitsuo, who can now tell the sex and nationality of the meat he is eating. One day at the supermarket, Kyoko finds herself picking up the wallet of another housewife, Kanno. Kanno urges Kyoko to accept a token of gratitude but Kyoko declines. Kanno finds the stubborn refusal disturbing. Music On Demand Presents - "The Unauthorized Biography of Johnny Cash" is the real story of America's most beloved music icon. Come walk the line with the man and his music, and uncover all the facets of a truly larger-than-life American hero. I mange ar har Terje Svahberg spart til hytte. Men sa skjer det noe, bratt og uventet. Han blir batkat. Og for noen egentlig vet ordet av det, har han foretatt seg transaksjoner som gjor ham til en stolt innehaver av en bat i luksusklassen...og alt som derav folger.  One fairy tale, one sad funeral, one ruined Christmas and one wild wedding. Stories of three men and their families that are affected by the current financial crisis. In the future, Violeta and Guillermo recall a night, in 2018, when they danced until sunrise.  A marshal nicknamed "The Hangman" because of his track record in hunting down and capturing wanted criminals traces a robbery suspect to a small town. However, the man is known and liked in the town, and the citizens band together to try to help him avoid capture. Subconscious Society is about the end of the industrial era and the transition to the digital age, in which computer code and the clone or copy are in the process of replacing material objects and analogue technology. In the film, this paradigm shift is represented in the form of a social community, whose protagonists make a final attempt at assigning and archiving objects from the past.  From a found footage material, the film tells the fable of the Monsters, describing the human condition from a tragic and desolate point of view.  Irrepressible flower designer Joanna Pyliotis shares her refreshing and innovative methods for creating memorable flower designs and displays in this unique workshop that showcases her trademark unconventional approach. Emphasizing originality, creativity and fun, the irresistibly optimistic artist demonstrates the joy of this nature-inspired art form and attests to the joy it can bring to those who embrace it. Like all laboratory rats, Pedro is a rattus norvegicus for more or less close vivisection. But his name is Pedro, and for a Norwegian rat it's already a problem. From his cage, the rodent observes the wanderings and disappointments of the heterogeneous visitors of his cellar, in the basement of a pharmaceutical lab. Pedro lives his life as an animal ready for all experiments even the most stupid, under the scrutiny of a band of labors and preachers preachers, more worried about whether Pedro is Spanish or Norwegian than to carry out any experience scientist. And Pedro has a certain sense of autonomy. And the musical ear, too. Hold your horses, the Lalaloopsy girls are welcoming some new friends to Lalaloopsy Land: a group of talking ponies! The ponies are eager to put on a show, but there's a hitch-- their caravan and carousel need rebuilding. With teamwork, know-how, and lots of laughter and fun, the Lalas get the ponies up and running again! 1933 drama with Irene Dunn. After a love affair ending in an abortion, a young prison reformer submerges herself in her work. But then she falls for a controversial and married judge, so scandal looms again. Very controversial film at the time. Dina, a former figure skating star, works as a coach in a boarding school for problematic children when she meets Lada - a new and very talented girl. A couple without children, a couple with three children and a gay couple with a son from a previous marriage, four stories intertwine. A young man and his family move into a new town, but his cop-dad is one day, murdered by an unknown gang. Who is behind the killing and how is this connected to the murder of his childhood friend?  A creative look at what we do and why, this experimental feature - made from interviews conducted over a period of ten years - searches for the common thread between what different individuals do in order to express themselves. A reflection on the passage of time and the use of an emblematic space of Buenos Aires as the Abasto. In more than 100 years, many stories have gone through the central construction of this traditional neighborhood, which functioned as a fruit and vegetable supplier market to later become Abasto Shopping, a daily and constant movement shopping center, which has been consolidated as one of the most successful in the Argentine capital. Flat No.4B is a family oriented Malayalam movie based on social commitment element directed by Krishnajith S Vijayan and produced by Arun Prasad. Agraja is an Kannada film directed by Srinandan starring Darshan and Jaggesh.Kamna Jethmalani, Sanjjanaa, Arundathi and Hardika Shetty play the heroines, while Sadashiva Brahmavar, Rangayana Raghu, Biradar and Achyuth Kumar play supporting roles. Agraja is based on the subject of a National Film Award winning Telugu film. Tsunami tour by Beppe Grillo A notorious bank robber kills his wife and flees the police, only to be captured by a mysterious group of figures in an abandoned town. His beautiful daughter, Lila Lee, receives a letter stating that her father is near death and that he needs to see her. Sneaking away at night from her minister guardian, Lila embarks on a terrifying journey... During Christmas 1985, five friends who live in Cubelles, a summer town on the Costa Daurada, in Tarragona, make an unexpected discovery in the woods: a woman disguised as Santa Claus who has fallen into a hole dug in the middle of nowhere. No Overview A happy marriage that enjoys going out with friends and social life. But one day they receive the news that one of his best friends, would have killed his wife. Tamil romantic film. On the night of 16 July 1942, ten year old Sarah and her parents are being arrested and transported to the Velodrome d'Hiver in Paris where thousands of other jews are being sent to get deported. Sarah however managed to lock her little brother in a closet just before the police entered their apartment. Sixty years later, Julia Jarmond, an American journalist in Paris, gets the assignment to write an article about this raid, a black page in the history of France. She starts digging archives and through Sarah's file discovers a well kept secret about her own in-laws. Based on the story by Robert Louis Stevenson, Dr. Henry Jekyll believes that there are two distinct sides to men - a good and an evil side. He believes that by separating the two, man can become liberated. He succeeds in his experiments with chemicals to accomplish this and transforms into Hyde to commit horrendous crimes. When he discontinues use of the drug, it is already too late.  Three intertwining stories that take place in La Salada -- the largest unregulated market in Buenos Aires: a Korean father prepares his daughter for an arranged marriage, a young Bolivian man searches for work, and a Taiwanese DVD seller tries to woo a young woman to be his girlfriend. When Dr. Anthony Edwardes arrives at a Vermont mental hospital to replace the outgoing hospital director, Dr. Constance Peterson, a psychoanalyst, discovers Edwardes is actually an impostor. The man confesses that the real Dr. Edwardes is dead and fears he may have killed him, but cannot recall anything. Dr. Peterson, however is convinced his impostor is innocent of the man's murder, and joins him on a quest to unravel his amnesia through psychoanalysis. In the DMZ separating North and South Korea, two North Korean soldiers have been killed, supposedly by one South Korean soldier. But the 11 bullets found in the bodies, together with the 5 remaining bullets in the assassin's magazine clip, amount to 16 bullets for a gun that should normally hold 15 bullets. The investigating Swiss/Swedish team from the neutral countries overseeing the DMZ suspects that another, unknown party was involved - all of which points to some sort of cover up. The truth is much simpler and much more tragic. From the filmmaker behind MURPH: THE PROTECTOR, this stirring tale of bravery and tribute spotlights Chief Petty Officer Lance Vaccaro, a highly decorated United States Navy SEAL who gave his life for his country in 2008. To honor his sacrifice, four Navy SEAL bikers launched the Lance Vaccaro Memorial Ride. Traveling from Virginia Beach to Alaska and back on motorcycles, they covered 12,000 miles in 31 days. RIDE FOR LANCE captures the excitement of the open road as well as the emotion of four riders touching thousands of lives along the way, including active duty troops, veterans, and the families of deployed and fallen troops who also share their stories of pride and heartbreak. RIDE FOR LANCE is an inspiring story about friends, family, and a brother warrior who will never be forgotten. Mauro is 33 years old and has two graduate degrees, but lives with his parents and can't find a job to save his life...or his sanity. As Mauro begins to inexplicably go off the deep end, he begins self-sabotaging his dates and his job interviews, terrorizing the family maid and making his mother and father wonder what they did to deserve a son like this. Will poor Mauro ever regain his sanity? Angelina Ballerina: Perfectly Pink A small town girl who has just moved to the big city is pressured by peers at school to lose her virginity. When Lapatun is late for his math test, he invents a fantastic story to explain his tardiness. His extraordinary but seemingly true tale causes excitement and disorder among the students and concern to the teachers at his school. As events develop - both real and imaginary - doubts emerge about as to whether Lapatun's story is true or not. Handsomely-mounted historical epic concerns the birth of the Islamic faith and the story of the prophet Mohammed. Alan Ayckbourn's riotous exposure of entrepreneurial greed returns to the National Theatre, where it premiered in 1987, winning the Evening Standard Theatre Award for Best Play. Film starring Jayalalitha, Pooja Ramachandran and Meenakshi Dixit A Sense of Wonder is a high-definition, extremely close-up and personal journey alongside some of the most amazing, bizarre, and beautiful creatures on the planet. The combination of stunning cinematography and beautiful music create a relaxing and inspiring experience. Come face-to-face with a sand tiger shark, get lost in the other-world beauty of bioluminescent sea jellies, and gaze in wonder at alien-like creatures such as the Leafy Sea Dragon and Spiny Lumpsucker. Not only can you take home your favorite creatures of the Pacific Ocean, but you will also get an exclusive look behind the scenes of one of the most dedicated, friendly, and tireless organizations you'll ever see - The Aquarium of the Pacific. This visually stunning presentation will inspire a Sense of Wonder in people of all ages. Telugu film from director Vijay Maddhala. After the death of their parents, two sisters find themselves without a roof over their heads. Josiane, alcoholic, recovers her sister Eloise at the psychiatric hospital. To protect her, she hides the situation at first, taking advantage of this summer to go camping wild. They will eventually unite to try to recover the house. Even if Eloise offers ideas without tail or head, Josiane supports it, not to trample the enthusiasm and dreams of his sister. Because of their eccentric behavior, the villagers look at them strangely. Only against all, the two sisters must overcome many obstacles to achieve their goal.  Set in a world where the concept of lying doesn't exist, a loser changes his lot when he invents lying and uses it to get ahead. A 6-Part nature documentary that highlights the missions and mysteries of the legendary Northwest Passage, hailed as one of the world's greatest waterways. The lives of seven people are upended by coincidence, deceit, and paranoid assumption in this claustrophobic noir. Pran Boon, or Hunter Boon, saves a child's life by killing a young Sming that attacked him. Little did he know that the young Sming was not the only one in the area. After having witnessed Pran Boon killing her son, mother Sming sets out to Pran Boon's village, seeking revenge that leaves Pran Boon's wife dead and his daughter injured. Knowing he and his daughter would never be safe again until the Sming is dead, Pran Boon begins his hunt for the most dangerous hunter in the jungle with the support of Pran Hlong, an immigrated Chinese hunter who seems unlikely to be an ordinary hunter. Film staring  Poorna and Varun Sandesh Spike Lee pays tribute to Michael Jackson's Bad on the twenty-fifth anniversary of the epochal album, offering behind-the-scenes footage of Jackson recording the album and interviews with confidants, musicians, choreographers, and such music-world superstars as Kanye West, Sheryl Crow, Cee Lo Green and Mariah Carey. The special examines the motives behind and analysis of the shocking attacks that took place Friday in Oslo and on the nearby island of Utoya. Anders Behring Breivik, a 32-year-old Norwegian, is accused of perpetrating the twin attacks, in which 76 people died. After the death of their loved ones in a tragic plane crash, Harrison Ford and Kristin Scott Thomas find each other's keys in each other's loved ones' possessions and realize that the two were having an affair and they must figure out all the details. Jackson and Tony have been best friends since the Vietnam War bonded the two men with different worldviews. Tony dutifully informs his best buddy that they can be best friends until death does them part, but until Jackson gets right with God, they can never be best friends eternally. Despite Tony's persistence in preaching the gospel, that friendship thrives in the same fashion between the atheist and the Christian for about forty years, until Madison, Tony's granddaughter, arrives on the scene. While she is busy teaching Jackson about Jesus, her grandfather wanders off the straight and narrow course, compliments of an attractive lady, who despite being several years younger than the retired English professor, professes her love for Tony and lures him into her world. An enchanted and dangerous jungle. A woman and her husband. A young boy and a teenaged girl who look like brother and sister. Another girl and two men from another time. Gunshots. An escape. A cascade and a storm. Love. Passion. Death. Set in the breathtaking landscapes of the Apuan Alps in Tuscany, near the Gothic Line where German forces massacred hundreds of civilians before their retreat at the end of WWII. Pacifico Pieruccioni, a shepherd born just following the war, is now one of its last freedom fighters. He is being forced to abandon this life, as his very existence, suspended between the phantoms of a bloody past and the harbingers of an obscure future, must bow to the gestation of the new Europe to come (VIFF synopsis). A German actor lands in Montevideo. Rude and speaking very little Spanish, he gets himself in trouble: only a few hours after his arrival, he gets lost and runs into a group of young men who try to rob him. Captain William Stanaforth is on a one-way solo mission to take the first steps in colonising Mars. Like all pioneers throughout history, Stanaforth will face insurmountable odds and life and death decisions as he rockets bravely through space. A family man who turns out to be a retired mob enforcer must travel across the country to find his daughter who has gone missing. A Southern Italian family is suddenly faced with AIDS. One of them has it. Which friend or family member could have begun this cycle of infection? The characters include a vain housewife, her straight-laced husband, her gay brother, and her husband's and brother's best friend. Hilarious mayhem ensues. No overview found Snehavin Kadhalarkal tells the story of Sneha (Advaitha) and her journey where she comes across several interesting male personalities and how she finally finds her true love. Eight years after the disappearance of Cassandra, some disturbing incidents seem to indicate that she's still alive. Police, parents and Cassandra herself, will try to unravel the mystery of her disappearance. Seven apartments, seven times of life: one film. A classic diary film, Boris Lehman intimately chronicles his own existence and that of objects and places that became an essential part of his life. A truly cinematic experience that gives us a highly European sense of space, time and history itself. "Hair" is a 1979 musical war comedy-drama film adaptation of the 1968 Broadway musical "Hair: An American Tribal Love-Rock Musical" about a Vietnam War draftee, Claude, who meets and befriends a tribe of long-haired hippies on his way to the army induction center.  Claude heads to New York upon receiving his draft notice, leaving the family ranch in Oklahoma. He arrives in New York where he is rapidly indoctrinated into the youth subculture before reporting in for boot camp. Join us as we follow ten of the best players that will thrill and set the 2014 World Cup in Brazil alight. A rebellious teen butts heads with the teachers at an all-girl charm school in Mexico City. A team of former robbers arrived at Paradise: Phuket, southern Thailand. Now traders, they are happy days. Until the day when the devil arrives: Mehdi, sentenced to 15 years in prison during the robbery, comes to recover his share of the cake.  An English couple's holiday in Spain is interrupted when they discover a girl imprisoned in a cabin. In this meditative and elegiac portrait, Senegalese filmmakers Khady and Mariama Sylla record the tales of their grandmother, a griot (storyteller) who is one of the last repositories of their culture's oral tradition. Filmed in a beautiful garden overlooking the Pacific Ocean, these yoga sessions are designed to give you a perfect balance of vitality and calm. The Energy program revitalizes and builds stamina with postures that are known to boost the nervous system, build strength and tone muscle. This invigorating sequence will reduce fatigue, improve productivity and leave you feeling focused and alert. A juror on the inside and a woman on the outside manipulate a court trial involving a major gun manufacturer. Strawberry Shortcake and her favorite gal pals learn that it's okay to ask for help sometimes, and also to say "no." And the girls form a new band and may or may not go on tour. The Ultimate Fighting Championship takes Australia by storm for the first time and fans at Sydney's Acer Arena will be treated to explosive matchups featuring two early Fight of The Year candidates. In the main event, a world heavyweight title shot is on the line when unbeaten young gun Cain Velasquez takes on former UFC and PRIDE champion Antonio Rodrigo "Minotauro" Nogueira. Between France and Chile, the journey of a young woman following in the footsteps of Chilean poet Francisco Contreras' exiled wife jostles fiction and reality.  Paying tribute to the life and times of WWE Hall of Famer, The Ultimate Warrior Dick Bannister is the new field boss of the Ford Logging Company, a Canadian logging-crew during a time when conflicts with the powerful Consolidated Lumber Company, a bitter rival company, have turned bloody, like a private war. His boss, Miss Edith Ford, comes to inspect the lumberjack camp, bringing her doctor fiance with her. Dick is attacked by his rivals and left for dead. His loss of blood is so great that he needs a transfusion, but no human will volunteer, so the surgeon uses a wolf as a source of the blood. Afterwards, Dick begins having dreams where he runs with a pack of phantom wolves, and the rival loggers get killed by wolves. Soon, these facts have spread through the camp. (via YouTube) Tarpan is a road-movie by feet, an adventure film in rural areas. Launched on the road into a mysterious quest, they are interrupted by an unexpected encounter. The stranger leads them in a delicate situation and leaves them alone. Telling more would undermine the suspense. From PBS - Italy's Mystery Mountains explores the fascinating geologic story of Italy, the land known for its fabulous art, fantastic food, opera, the dolce vita, and so much more. What's less known about Italy is the diversity and turbulence of the geology behind all of this abundance: the continuously erupting volcanoes, the violent earthquakes, the clash of mighty tectonic plates, and the rising of the mountains from which Michelangelo sourced his famous marbles. A series of featurettes detailing the heroic efforts to bring "The Amazing Spider-Man 2" to life.  Remedy Club Tour - Live is a second live album/DVD and eighth overall by American band David Crowder Band. The album was released on August 19, 2008 It was recorded live on the band's club tour across America, which took place after the release of their album Remedy. After years of requests, Tobymac's explosive concert experience is finally available on video. Toby has one of the most fun &amp; boomin' shows around, and the full-length Alive and Transported puts you on stage with Toby and the Diverse City Band.  Bella, a 30-year-old Guinean cabaret singer, lives a miserable, dangerous life as a prostitute in Dakar. Though she longs for escape, a gang of pimps, led by Keba, treat her like property and make sure she keeps in her place. Her only hope is the thought of earning enough money to escape and reunite with her daughter, who she gave up at birth at age 15--a desperate act that haunts Bella's nightmares and fills her with guilt. While fleeing an angry client, she meets Yelo, a Guinean worker for the United Nations, who happens to be passing through Dakar. Instantly smitten, Yelo agrees to help Bella, and so begins an epic journey of redemption, from Guinea to Paris. But can the young couple escape the clutches of the menacing Keba? Justin Bieber is the teen idol of his generation - a young musician with the world at his feet. The transformation form small town Canadian boy to international superstar happened almost overnight for recording artist Justin Bieber.  Civil rights attorney Thurgood Marshall's triumph in the 1954 Brown v. Board of Education Supreme Court decision to desegregate America's public schools completed the final leg of a journey of over 20 years laying the groundwork to end legal segregation. He won more Supreme Court cases than any lawyer in American history, making the work of civil rights pioneers like the Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr. and Rosa Parks possible. The star-studded special celebrates the trailblazing music series' 40th anniversary. With guest hosts Jeff Bridges, Matthew McConaughey and Sheryl Crow, the two-hour broadcast features memorable moments from the show's remarkable run, anchored by some of the brightest stars in the show's history returning to the AUSTIN CITY LIMITS stage for incredible performances. Highlights include legends Willie Nelson, Bonnie Raitt, Foo Fighters, Emmylou Harris, Kris Kristofferson, Gary Clark Jr., Lyle Lovett, Alabama Shakes, Buddy Guy and more performing in celebration of AUSTIN CITY LIMITS' legacy as an American music institution over the last four decades.  About two men. Lovers, but not in love. Heroes of three episodes in different times and places. In 1978 southern California they escape the city to go and enjoy themselves in a motel; in contemporary L.A they put up a play in a gentrifying neighborhood in the eastern part of town; and in the third episode, filmed in late 2014, taking place in an undefined place, they are victims of a terror attack on a nightclub. In the 1950s a unidentified object is spotted near the house of the Baker family and they do everything they can to keep their family safe. Bollywood 2014 Akashangalil is a 2015 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Rixon Xavier, starring veteran actor Shankar in an extended special appearance UFC 177: Dillashaw vs. Soto was a mixed martial arts event held by the Ultimate Fighting Championship on August 31, 2014 at the Sleep Train Arena in Sacramento, California.  A Bantamweight Championship rematch between current champion T.J. Dillashaw and former champion Renan Barao was expected to headline this show. Their first fight, contested at UFC 173, ended in a fifth round TKO victory for Dillashaw. However, the day of the weigh ins, Barao had to be admitted to the hospital as a result of his attempts to cut weight. Dillashaw faced UFC newcomer Joe Soto in the main event. Subsequently, Soto's opponent, Anthony Birchak, was removed from the card entirely.  Due to the many unexpected changes, Joe Rogan began the event's weigh ins show by introducing the crowd to "the haunted UFC card". Due to the several last minute cancellations, the event took place with only eight bouts on the card, making it the smallest UFC PPV event, since UFC 72 in 2007. Victor, a disillusioned sexagenarian, sees his life turned upside down on the day when Antoine, a brilliant entrepreneur, offers him a new kind of attraction: mixing theatrical artifices and historical reconstruction, this company offers his clients a chance to dive back into the era of their choice. Victor then chose to relive the most memorable week of his life: the one where, 40 years earlier, he met the great love. Cristina and Manuel are a couple like any other who spends a Sunday together. As time passes, the couple shows that they are in a crisis. 2014 marked the 40th Anniversary of KANSAS! The classic lineup reunited, for the first time in more than 30 years, to relive the incredible, untold story of one of the most successful American rock bands. The Feature film includes in-depth interviews with all 6 original members along with Brian May (Queen), David Wild (Rolling Stone), Garth Brooks, and many more! Here how "Dust in the Wind" was just a passing comment away from never being recorded and how "free beer" changed their lives forever!  We are taken on a journey of Carrie Underwood's fast track trip to superstardom. The multi award winning singer/songwriter came to fame from American Idol in 2005. She has now become one of the most popular female performers in country music. Her 'girl next door' persona has given her mass appeal across the nation making her America's Sweetheart. Ancient prophecy predicts that a time shall come when the light of Sion, or the center of our galaxy, will rise. During this time, we will experience the ascension of our souls' vibration as we are anointed by the hidden power of this light. The result will be an awakening of a higher human consciousness. It is time to move beyond our fear and embrace the Way of Light. Together we can overcome the wars that have a devastating and dehumanizing impact on all of mankind. Legendary heavy metal musician, author, and television personality SCOTT IAN had a lot to say on the European and United States legs of his groundbreaking Speaking "Swearing Words" Tour. After decades-worth of international touring with Anthrax, bumping elbows with illustrious (and sometimes ridiculous) characters all over the media spectrum, and undergoing general "you won't believe this" experiences-- SCOTT IAN certainly had some hilarious and surprisingly personal stories to share. "Swearing Words" is an honest look at the insane life that Scott has led for the last 31 years, the people he's met, and the events that coincide. Now, you can experience Scott's "Swearing Words" Tour by way of Swearing Words in Glasgow, available via Megaforce Records on November 13, 2014. Kuzco is a self-centered emperor who summons Pacha from a village and to tell him that his home will be destroyed to make room for Kuzco's new summer home. Kuzco's advisor, Yzma, tries to poison Kuzco and accidentally turns him into a llama, who accidentally ends up in Pacha's village. Pacha offers to help Kuzco if he doesn't destroy his house, and so they form an unlikely partnership.   Sam Davis convinces his former best friend to spend a weekend with him to rekindle their friendship at an elegant beachside estate owned by a famous documentary filmmaker. However, it soon becomes clear that Sam is secretly infatuated with his ex, Zoe, who is now the filmmaker's fiancee, and that his true intention is to thwart their impending nuptials. As Sam's plan begins to unravel, he is forced to realize how complicated love and friendship can be. Deep space. Billions of miles from Earth, Rosetta, a spacecraft the size of a car, travels towards an icy rock 2.5 miles wide that hurtles through space at tens of thousands of miles per hour. Rosetta has been in space for ten years but in the next few days she will do something no other spacecraft has ever attempted: land on the volatile surface of a comet as it flies round the sun. This is the European Space Agency's (ESA) most audacious mission. It has taken a team of brilliant engineers 30 years to get to this point. The mission has been beset with daunting technological challenges, faulty launch vehicles, and the unpredictable and dangerous nature of the comet itself, all of which have conspired to stop the mission in its tracks. If it works, Rosetta is guaranteed to provide a treasure-trove of scientific data, but make no mistake about it, this is a dangerous mission. The rewards may be huge but so are the risks. Enter the miraculous world of Julius Jr., and join this clever monkey and his pals Worry Bear, Sheree, Clancy, and Ping, as they unlock young imaginations with inventive episodes and toe-tapping music videos. Based on the Paul Frank family of characters, this new series takes preschoolers on exciting adventures into a magical box playhouse and through the wondrous Hall of Doors to discover the importance of cooperation and creativity. and DVD release from the critically acclaimed southern rockers, Blackberry Smoke. Filmed during a sold out show, the set mixes elements of gospel, bluegrass, arena rock, soul, and more than a touch of outlaw country. Fan favorites "Good One Comin' On" and "Ain't Got The Blues" are featured on the film. The DVD contains an exclusive behind the scenes content, interviews with the band members and a look into their ever-growing moonshine collection. It also includes footage of the band recording "Yesterdays' Wine" with the late George Jones. Blackberry Smoke as earned a passionate fan base that continues to grow as the band itself evolves. The plot revolves around the relationship between a young drifter and an abused housewife. Through candid interviews and humorous real life stories, Families Like Yours demystifies LGBT families and their lives, showcasing that they are just as loving, busy, and complicated as any other family.The film follows six families as they attempt to balance work and school, rush kids to sports practice, and deal with diaper duty. From across the nation and in all different stages of family life, from conception to grandchildren, these families represent a cross-section of the modern American family -- the only difference is that they are LGBT families. Documentary about how an irreverent atheist celebrates Christmas. This is a delightfully retro 45 minutes of experimental surf film shot entirely on Super 16mm. This truly is Armageddon..." said the local Athens, GA meteorologist on the seemingly sub-zero night last winter that the Drive-By Truckers were scheduled to play live at the 40 Watt. Luckily no snow, ice or hail could stop the band from firing up the room as they performed their critically acclaimed 12th LP, English Oceans, in full. Titled Black Ice Verite, fans will be able to re-live this concert experience as a live film.   Chinese movie Kate Nash performing Kate Nash live at Metro Theatre, Sydney from August 2010. This high quality animated feature tells the story of Temujin, a young boy who was brought up by wolves. Temujin became the great Mongolian leader who defeated enemies to protect the Mongol tribes, earning the title "Genghis Khan". A modern story of an actress that is in a theatre. In a place designed for representation, for daily reenactments of human passions, the film is focusing on the cruel awakening of the actress to her true self. More precisely to an "ancient self". The one most people edit out of their lives: the garbage self. Three sisters and a group of their friends take a trip to the home of the recently deceased grandfather -- who died a particularly grisly death -- to learn more about the promise of an inheritance, only to encounter a family of psychos who have taken up residence in the old man's cabin. A story of sexual deviance and forbidden romance between two tortured men - who like to act out by torturing others. After Andrew (Todd Michael Smith), a married writer, is kidnapped by Eddy (Steven Michael McKenzie), a seductive and surprisingly forthcoming serial killer, he is compelled to write about him and the two begin a strange sexual relationship. The actors hold absolutely nothing back from the camera. McKenzie and Smith offer full-frontal nudity and graphic scenes of unsimulated sex - with some sinister kink and a little bloodshed thrown in for good, horrific measure (the blood is fake, of course)! Witness the large waves from Hurricane Marie that were pounding the Southern California coast. A heart thumping documentary told by the photographers, wave forecasters and legends who experienced the mega swell. Featuring the biggest Wedge on record. The Assignment Inc. is proud to bring you yet another epic chapter in the "MOTO The Movie" film saga.  "MOTO 6" travels the globe in pursuit of the most talented and elusive riders, those that truly live their lives by the twist of the throttle.  With the most diverse soundtrack and extraordinary cast of dirt bike aficionados, "MOTO 6" presents a complete spectrum of top tier motocross and freeriding. The stars of "MOTO 6" push the boundaries of themselves and their sport on a daily basis, making their living by truly living. A soldier returns from Vietnam on special assignment, accompanying the body of his friend by train to California for burial. During the trip, he falls in love with a gentle college student. But their relationship is shattered by his flashbacks to combat. A young hairdresser enters into the modeling world while fearing retaliation from her puritanical mother and stalker ex-boyfriend.  From the creator of Defy, the Danny Harf Project... comes the next level of wakeboarding including a massive movement to bring the sport and it's riders to the top of the action sports world. PRIME dives deep into the heart of the most progressive riding today while delving into the minds and physical potential of wakeboarding and wakeskating's best. These athletes are all unique and motivated by different instincts, but one factor remains the same: taking wakeboarding to the next level. A look at the production of Play for Today: Abigail's Party (1977). Colour, form, area - this is the formula of the greatest pioneer of abstract painting. Kandinsky came to art late in life, but his impact through Der Blaue Reiter (The Blue Rider) and Bauhaus paved the way for modern art. In 1913, he created one of the first abstract pictures, the theoretical basis of which was inspired by his essay Uber das Geistige in der Kunst (On the Spiritual in Art). Accompanied by Mussorgsky's Pictures From An Exhibition Labarthe goes on a sensual journey which makes the soul resound with colours and forms. "A picture has to resound and must be bathed in an inner glow." Kandinsky Directed by Muhammad Selman. It has been ten years since The Battle of the Breach and the oceans are still, but restless. Vindicated by the victory at the Breach, the Jaeger program has evolved into the most powerful global defense force in human history. The PPDC now calls upon the best and brightest to rise up and become the next generation of heroes when the Kaiju threat returns.  In Red Son, Superman's rocket ship lands on a Ukrainian collective farm rather than in Kansas, an implied reason being a small time difference (a handful of hours) from the original timeline, meaning Earth's rotation placed the Ukraine in the ship's path instead of Kansas. Instead of fighting for "...truth, justice, and the American Way", Superman is described in Soviet radio broadcasts "...as the Champion of the common worker who fights a never-ending battle for Stalin, socialism, and the international expansion of the Warsaw Pact." His "secret identity" (i.e. the name his adoptive parents gave him) is a state secret.  In the fields, we see them, extended on the grass or grazing peacefully. Large placid beasts that we thought we knew because they are livestock. Lions, gorillas, bears have our attention, but has anyone ever really looked at cows? Asked what they were doing with their days? What do they do when a storm passes? When the sun comes back? What do they think when they stand motionless, seemingly contemplating the void? Do they think?  "Bovines" chronicles the true life of a cow: grazing, ruminating, gazing - but also feeling - mooing with grief, or just enjoying an apple... It is a fairy tale, comedy, and drama that caricatures the global omnipresence of Western imagery and Hollywood pictures with humour and irony, without forgetting to make fun of itself, the illusion film, and the genre road movie. A Man With Style is a bittersweet family drama which has at its centre two fifty-something school friends - widower Junichi Miyata (Ken Mitsuishi), a blue-collar worker and Sanada (Tomorowo Taguchi). Both are rather ordinary middle-aged men, far removed from any association with 'style.' Junichi Miyata is the more cantankerous and frustrated of the two in Ishii's oeuvre. His wife died of cancer ten years ago, leaving him with an overriding memory of a silly but hilariously acted children's song of bunnies she used to sing and two children who now, aged 18 and 19, hardly engage with him and are keen to move to university in Tokyo. He is short-tempered with them and nags them endlessly to no avail. Murugan falls in love with Yamuna and with the help of his friend Paandi,he saves Yamuna from a marriage with a notorious money lender.  An enigmatic Andalusian tries to forget her former mistress sadistic, cruel and all other sadomasochistic pleasures.  A love potion works its devious charms on fairies, elves and the swamp-dwelling Bog King as they all try to possess the potion for themselves. From modest childhood beginnings to international fame and fortune, follow the journey behind Michael Jackson's fantastic career and witness the King of Pop's transformation from boyhood sensation to international superstar. When a town learns that Santa Claus has struck it off his delivery schedule due to an insulting letter, a way must be found to change his mind. A man named Saeki who frequents the cinema and meets a beautiful college student known only as the midnight companion. When everybody had left the cinema, the two would stay behind but this suddenly stopped when the midnight companion disappeared. Three years later, he has returned but a darkness inhabits him. Their love is rekindled but... LeRoy Robert Ripley rose to fame during the Great Depression, transforming himself from a skinny, buck-toothed boy into an entertainer who mesmerized the nation with his razzle-dazzle blend of homespun Americana, colorful exotica and freakish oddities. Over three decades, his "Believe It or Not!" franchise grew into an entertainment empire, expanding from newspapers to every form of "new media" in the 20th century: radio, film and, ultimately, television. At the center of it all was Ripley, whose obsession with the odd and keen eye for the curious made him one of the richest men in the country. Americans not only loved his bizarre fare, but were fascinated by the man himself, and the eccentric, globetrotting playboy became an unlikely national celebrity. This is the story of the man who popularized the iconic phrase, and proof of why we still can't resist his challenge to "Believe it -- or not!" The story follows Carol Danvers as she becomes one of the universe's most powerful heroes when Earth is caught in the middle of a galactic war between two alien races. Set in the 1990s, Captain Marvel is an all-new adventure from a previously unseen period in the history of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Upon discovering a den of corrupt policemen, a fresh-faced journalist makes a shaky allies in a jaded reporter and investigator for a powerful district attorney. A dark evil is spreading over the world of Horizon and the usual remedies are ineffective. The 3 factions must collaborate to face him ... The first part of the Noob trilogy, this film corresponds to season 6 of the series. Pongsatorn is a teacher in Thailand working on his thesis for his Master's degree. His chosen subject his the life and works of a French Catholic priest who lived in Thailand in the early part of the 20th century. His professor rejects his early drafts to his anger before realising the professor has pushed him to fully understand his chosen topic.  Commercial airline pilot Whip Whitaker has a problem with drugs and alcohol, though so far he's managed to complete his flights safely. His luck runs out when a disastrous mechanical malfunction sends his plane hurtling toward the ground. Whip pulls off a miraculous crash-landing that results in only six lives lost. Shaken to the core, Whip vows to get sober -- but when the crash investigation exposes his addiction, he finds himself in an even worse situation. An elderly man, who's a bit of a grouch, pastes various ads offering his services as an electrical appliance repairman. A radio belonging to an affable, abandoned receptionist at a remote hotel gives up the ghost. A leisurely, melancholic and sensitive film which serves as a reminder that age shouldn't be an issue when it comes to fulfilling one's dreams. Deftly blending sound, image, and text, this subtly hypnotic film meditates upon the figure of Singh commingled with surreal tableaux inspired by the artist's paintings. First glimpsed wandering the valley's dense woodlands, the painter is seen peering through the sun-dappled canopy; soon he spies a mysterious footprint and follows the forest path to the base of a gnarled old tree. There he sits in Buddha-like repose while Dutta's protean camera conjures a series of arresting images: rocks defy gravity and levitate gently upwards; lichens and moss multiply in layered afterimages mimicking Singh's intricate brushstrokes; and a celestial maiden takes to the sky, bearing ambrosial milk to the artist's darkened atelier. Dutta masterfully weaves these iconic passages together with Singh's painterly technique, merging the still and moving image into an impressionistic assemblage that pays homage to the legends, folk traditions, and artistry of this unique corner of India. This exciting ninety-minute documentary DVD about country music legend Lorrie Morgan includes segments of her childhood, growing up backstage at the Grand Ole Opry, her road to stardom, and her much publicized personal life. Also included are interviews with Lorrie's closest confidants, celebrities whose lives she has influenced, and a candid look behind the scenes of her life. In addition to Lorrie's mother, siblings, and children, some of the other people interviewed for the documentary include artists Kellie Pickler, Mike Love from the The Beach Boys, and Barbara Mandrell; industry executives Joe Galante, James Stroud, Steve Moore, and Tony Conway; and music industry veterans Robert K. Oermann and Ralph Emery. Also features unique photos from Lorrie's personal collection. Obituary to much-respected statesman Sir Winston Churchill on the 50th anniversary of his death. With archive footage, stills and contributions from old friends and colleagues. Cinderella slipper cliches had run dry before the first pitch, but no one imagined these two clubs reaching the 2002 Fall Classic. The Angels shocked the Yankees en route to the World Series, and the Giants upended the Cardinals to punch their ticket. Three friends who cannot seem to catch a break decide to make their own ways. Where do their paths lead them? The dramatic and inspiring story of the musicians on the Titanic's only voyage, who played on the ship's deck while it was sinking in a valiant effort to provide peace, calm and dignity to those facing certain death. Made In Texas: six films culled by Jonathan Demme on a visit to the Lone star State prove not only that independent features are alive and living on the Third Coast but they can outrun those by New York and Los Angeles indies. D. Boone's Invasion of the Aluminum People, a 45 minute super-8 extravaganza (possibly processed in a washing machine) is a video/film/music/jumpcut glaze by this tyro Godard who seems to be sired by Godard out of Don Siegel. Brian Hansen's' Speed of Light, is a New Wave melodrama that's as good looking as Written on the Wind. Carrie Rickey Rodolfo and Beatriz are the parents of teenagers Jessica and Juan.  Together they form a perfect dysfunctional family. Rodolfo leaves for  work every morning, but actually he's unemployed. Beatriz, worrying  that she is looking older, has a flirtation with her buff gym trainer.  Jessica finds herself in a love triangle with her boyfriend and her  best friend. And, Juan's girlfriend has a little surprise for him. This  is the life of an ordinary middle-class family in Tijuana. While living  under the same roof, they scurry about their days, trying to hide their  secrets from one another. A fresh, clever and humorous portrait of a  modern family unit. If music is the universal language, then the songs of the Beatles are its Rosetta Stone. Their compositions are an international language that crosses all borders and overrides cultural differences. Though they no longer exist as the Fab Four, their musical legacy lives on through generations of fans, and the thousands of tribute bands who 'come together' worldwide, to interpret and perform their music. There are an estimated 8,000 Beatles tribute bands globally who perform at multiple Beatles festivals and conventions throughout the world. Shot almost entirely in Liverpool, the birthplace of The Beatles, and captured in HD during International Beatles Week, Come Together is a tribute to that legacy's phenomena that shows no signs of stopping.  Professional, native and antiquarian researchers combine to investigate the archaeological history and modern legacy of Eastern Native civilization near Turners Falls, Massachusetts. They uncover possible evidence of a vast astronomical construct that covered a large area of what is now the northeastern United States. A dad forms a bitter rivalry with his daughter's young rich boyfriend. International Worship Leader and Pastor William McDowell leads viewers and listeners to the seat of worship with his latest concert film Withholding Nothing. MAKING IT is an original and quirky comedy following one man's search for love, creative fulfilment and a pencil sharper.  George Banbury is a thirty-three year old struggling actor best known for having appeared alongside a troll in a Wine Gums advert. Stuck in a rut and living with his parents, George is going nowhere fast. An unexpected pregnancy and a chance encounter with an ex-girlfriend sees George attempt to expose his inner leading man to a world that has already cast him as a supporting artiste. The Malacicis, a hard-working Italian family recently immigrated from Florence, open a fancy restaurant in the Bronx, N.Y., drawing the ire of another clan. Mike and Sadie Capomezzo, equally hard-working Sicilian caterers from the area, find they cannot stand Piero  and Maria Malacici. But things get complicated when the Malacicis' daughter, Gina, and the Capomezzos' son, Rosario, fall in love. After releasing their first album in 1996, Matchbox Twenty went immediately to the top of the charts and have remained there ever since. With over 40 million albums sold and countless sold out concerts worldwide, the band have maintained consistent success topping the charts with over 10 #1 singles. Watch Matchbox Twenty perform all their timeless hits live from the Susquehanna Bank Center in Camden, NJ. By a dissociated Santiago de Chile the old figure of Bareta transits in search of Carranza, who was once his partner and now his enemy. Bareta, a man who knows the invisible faces of the city, moves from place to place and from fantasy to fantasy tried to conclude all his affairs, while Carranza waits for him in his dark office, since both know that inevitably this will be the last day of both. Exposure Vol II follows athletes Daniel Woods, Jimmy Webb, Alex Megos, Alex Puccio, and Dmitry Sharafutdinov as they push both both their own personal limits and the limits of climbing. This years film brings you stories and ascents from around the globe including Russia, Switzerland, Germany, Bishop, and Colorado in a heart-pounding, forearm pump inducing journey to discover the impossible. Catch Daniels ascent of Lucid Dreaming 8C/V15, Alex Megos on Action Directe 9A/5.14d, and Alex Puccio on her first V13/8B, Top Notch.  Tommy and Manu are two thirty-something hustlers who sell audiovisual projects to major brands. They try to make as much money as possible with little work. They're on the road for their latest venture in Northen Chile which may very well be a dead end. This movie tells the story of Mami Jarum who is a snobbish person and thinks that her family is perfect and should be an example to other people. She also has the habit of looking for other people's mistakes and spreading the news. Mami Jarum has 2 daughters, Shiqah & Syafinaz, and a sister named Bee, who is married to an older guy, Piee. The conflicts starts when she finds out that her family is not that perfect after all. When thirteen-year-old Raul is asked to entertain the local landowner's son, a game of power and pride starts between the two boys. Ventana is a group film project created by the 2017 Summer Interns under the mentorship of a group of Walt Disney Animation mentors. The Lalaloopsy friends create the perfect recipe for fun and adventure in this delightful movie treat! When a sugar shortage threatens the annual Festival of Sugary Sweets, the friends devise a delicious way to save the day--and discover that when you work together as a team, you can make something really special! The story takes place in the year 2034, two years after the events in Ghost in the Shell: S.A.C. 2nd GIG. Female cyborg Major Motoko Kusanagi has left Public Security Section 9, an elite counter-terrorist and anti-crime unit specializing in cyber-warfare, which has expanded to a team of 20 field operatives with Togusa acting as the field lead. Because of his salacious language, late-night radio advice-show host Leon Phelps, along with his sweet and loyal producer Julie, is fired from his Chicago gig. Leon gets a letter from a former lover promising a life of wealth, but he doesn't know who she is. Can Leon find his secret sugar-mama? What about Julie? Rombha Nallavan Da Nee is an upcoming Indian Tamil-language comedy film written and directed by A. Venkatesh. The film features Mirchi Senthil and Shruty Bala in the leading roles, while Sarvajeeth plays a pivotal supporting roles. A corrupt cop approaches four convicts from a juvenile correctional institution to kidnap the daughter of a minister, for whom he is the benami. Little does he realize that the youngsters have their own axe to grind with the minister! A failed actor gets his 15 minutes of infamy when his ex-wife writes a vengeful tell-all book about their marriage. He decides to use his acting skills to get revenge on her.  Three different stories culminate into series of coincidences which create comedy of confusion. A small circle of friends suffering from post-collegiate blues must confront the hard truth about life, love and the pursuit of gainful employment. As they struggle to map out survival guides for the future, the Gen-X quartet soon begins to realize that reality isn't all it's cracked up to be. A small circle of friends suffering from post-collegiate blues must confront the hard truth about life, love and the pursuit of gainful employment. As they struggle to map out survival guides for the future, the Gen-X quartet soon begins to realize that reality isn't all it's cracked up to be. A man and a kid escape from men chasing them. A man disabled by Agent Orange dares to dream.  Set during the last days of the Ottoman Empire, a love triangle develops between Mikael, a brilliant medical student, the beautiful and sophisticated artist Ana, and Chris, a renowned American journalist based in Paris. Azhagiya Pandipuram is a Tamil comedy movie released on Dec 5th 2014. Elango Nagarajah and Anjena Kirti were in the leading role along with M.S Baskar, Manobala, Panju Subbu, Sriman, Devadarshini, Meera Krishnan, Fathima Babu, Yuvarani and many others. The movie was directed by N.Rayan and produced by N.Kirubakaran under the banner of Thaimann Production. Bharathwaj composed 5 songs and background music for this film. The film was shot in the Theni, Karaikkudi and Kodaikanal areas in Tamil Nadu. A couple travels to Italy. During their trip, the state of their relationship becomes clear to them: They argue, take different paths and wonder whether to divorce. Vincent Dieutre has remade Viaggio in Italia and adapted it to his own life. Alex and Kate have become Alex and Tom, played by Vincent himself and his partner Simon. This new couple goes to the same places, experiences similar things, but their time in Naples is inevitably not the same. The city has changed, as has the nature of relationships, tourism has become more digital. As the two become increasingly alienated, Vincent the filmmaker moves through the city with his camera. He talks about how Rossellini's film shaped him. We hear his thoughts about a remake, notes to himself, his discussions with a copyright lawyer. In Vincent and Simon's world, much like that of Tom and Alex, the procession of the final scene gives way to a football match. What was still sacred back then becomes a riot here. A fearsome 19th century bandit, Cobra Verde cuts a swath through Brazil until he arrives at the sugar plantation of Don Octavio Countinho. Not knowing that his new guest is the notorious bandit and impressed by his ruthless ways, Don Octavio hires Cobra Verde to oversee his slaves. But when Cobra Verde impregnates Don Octavio's three daughters, the incensed plantation owner exiles the outlaw to Africa where he is expected to reopen the slave trade. Following his trans-Atlantic journey, Cobra Verde exploits tribal conflicts to commandeer an abandoned fortress and whips an army of naked warriors into a frenzied bloodlust as he vies for survival. In a prison for the criminally insane, deranged anthropologist Ethan Powell is set to be examined by a bright young psychiatrist, Theo Caulder. Driven by ambition and a hunger for the truth, Caulder will eventually risk everything -- even put his very life on the line -- in a harrowing attempt to understand the bizarre actions of this madman. A young assistant pastor falls in love with the senior pastor's wife. He must choose between his flesh and his faith. As he struggles to keep his sanity, he discovers a path down a trail that reveals nothing but lies. Anuradha is an Assamese language drama film directed by Rakesh Sharma and starring Meghranjani and Diganta Hazarika in the lead roles. The film was produced by Luit Kumar Barman under the banner of M L Entertainment and Cine Dream Unlimited. on the surface: finishing CLOUDS OF AUTUMN; a film for the sake of making one. meant to be watched on the internet, digitals greatest commodity is not $$$$ but time, and a new process, painters and poets, the personal costs $0, fuelled by ideas, reflections, 3 isolated days of editing, the next station is It is Midsummer's Eve and ten people are on a deserted castle for a TV recording. The next morning the program leader is shot dead. Kvallspressens Annika Bengtzon a mandate to monitor the murder, but she soon learns that her best friend Anne Snapphanevagen is one of the ten suspects. When the police released all one after another - all except Anne - it becomes personal for Bengtzon who will do anything to exonerate her friend. Snowboard Movie Made by Videograss Markit is a crew of good friends who all love shredding bikes, filming clips, and going on trips together. Featuring the riding from Chad Kerley, Connor Lodes, Dennis Enarson, Mike Jonas, Geoff Slattery, Rob Wise, Ronnie Napolitan and Christian Rigal, Markit Zero is our first full length feature. Enjoy! In pursuit of the best that the winter of 2012 had to offer, the Absinthe crew employed a dual strategy to both hustle &amp; hunker down waiting. In a year of erratic snowfall, there was no other way to slay. But by splitting up and spreading out across the globe in smaller groups, they stacked the odds in their favor. The strategy worked. Tight, agile crews tuned themselves to local frequencies enabling them to tap into record-breaking dumps in Europe, heavy sessions in the Pacific Northwest, Japan, and ultimately, Alaska. It was a winter with Resonance: new riders came on board, new locations were exposed and as always, the Absinthe cameras captured all the action on film. When a US Naval captain shows signs of mental instability that jeopardizes the ship, the first officer relieves him of command and faces court martial for mutiny. <<The Demon, the Flow and Me>> should be the title, exclaims TJ -- a movie about identity. TJ is a man in his late 50s who lives in a Chrysler Cordoba parked in a drive-way next to a porn shop in Berlin, a survival artist who celebrates solitude. While the camera documents his life as a drop out from mainstream society, TJ developes his vision of a film. In a grandiose act of self-staging he creates himself in front of the camera. Ethan and team take on their most impossible mission yet--eradicating 'The Syndicate', an International and highly-skilled rogue organisation committed to destroying the IMF. In this explosive story of revenge and urban violence, Jim Greco and Erik Ellington team up with a group of skateboarders who have a change of opinion after their favorite spots are mercilessly knobbed and destroyed by a gang of thugs posing as authority figures. Slash is arrested, Lizard King is assaulted by a skatepark ledge, and Furby's board is stolen. They then turn vigilante as they stalk the mean streets of Los Angeles with Moose and Neen Williams, on the prowl for handrails, gaps and dangerous spots of that nature. The Deathwish Video is an epic and controversial film that is frank and original in its treatment of urban skateboarding and the average citizen's helplessness in dealing with it. Various artists wrote the musical score. And watch for a young Jon Dickson in his film debut as one of the pros. Set in the year 1999 during the last days of the old millennium, the movie tells the story of Lenny Nero, an ex-cop who now deals with data-discs containing recorded memories and emotions. One day he receives a disc which contains the memories of a murderer killing a prostitute. Lenny investigates and is pulled deeper and deeper in a whirl of blackmail, murder and rape. Will he survive and solve the case?   John Strong short film Compilation of the best Short Films on Fly fishing in 2014. All Aspect of Fly Fishing are covered from Alaska Salmon to Florida Tarpon. Docu-fiction about prostitution and the state of Europe. CBeebies join the BBC Philharmonic to host the first ever CBeebies Prom. 1988 short film by Philip Hoffman. The Old Dark House style mystery thriller gets an affectionately murky makeover in director Jack McHenry's Agatha Christie-meets-Lucio Fulci feature debut. In stunning Black & White, with cut-glass British accents and a dodgy American in the cocktail party mix, a sophisticated 1930s soiree at an isolated country mansion descends into carnage, gore and demonic possession as rivalries and old friendships are put to the test when a gateway to Hell opens up. From toponymy, a branch of linguistics, to politics, the links can be quite unexpected. These are which are sought to be revealed in the new fi lm by Jonathan Perel who uses his filmwork as a tool to explore and accurately document the marks left by previous dictators of Argentina. We are in the province of Tucuman, in the north of Argentina, an emblematic region where the fi rst Act of Independence in South America was signed in 1816 and where the "Operation Independence" took place in 1974, during which the guerillas' insurgence was violently repressed. Moving between Luanda and Lisbon, Ines Goncalves and Kiluanje Liberdade portray a new generation of Angolans who see the ultimate expression of their curtural identity in Semba and Kizomba. Hot rhythms and swinging bodies characterize a documentary that reveals the will of a people to reinvent itself and spread its roots to the four corners of the world through music and dance. Transform your television into a living work of art with spectacular scenes of hammerhead sharks, schooling sardines, jellyfish, kelp forests and more. Filmed in Ultra HD at the world-famous Monterey Bay Aquarium, Ocean Wonders takes viewers on an awe-inspiring underwater journey alongside the ocean's most mesmerizing creatures. Simon Rattle and the Berlin Philharmonic set off fireworks of good humour and a contagious musical spirit at the traditional New Year's Eve Concert in 2002. Simon Rattle chose Leonard Bernstein's brilliant and entertaining musical comedy, Wonderful Town, for his first New Year's Eve Concert with the Berlin Philharmonic. Conductor and orchestra - both rank among the best in the world - joined forces with Broadway stars Kim Criswell and Audra McDonald and famous baritone Thomas Hampson. The audience enjoyed a great show full of dancing, choruses, fascinating light design and - above all - intoxicating music. The exuberant atmosphere of this event culminated in an overwhelming encore with the musicians and audience dancing through the hall! This video captures the atmosphere right in the middle of orchestra, singers and audience and recreates a wonderful night on the town. Some researchers have found how hypnosis can allow us access to hidden memories, help us overcome phobias and can be used to manage pain. It can even be used to retrieve lost memories from purported past lives and alien abductions. The results are intriguing, if not controversial. Some are humorous while others have lead to tragic consequences. In this program, we will explore the history, beliefs and the research on hypnosis to see if it can tell us about our limitations and our possibilities.  Mike (Brett Halsey) returns home in order to leave his gunfighting days behind him and settle down on a farm with his old sweetheart but things do not go as planned. Finding Jane murdered, Mike is set upon and left for dead by her 7 killers who also steal his life savings of $10,000; all in $50 dollar bills. They leave only seven dollars and Mike vows to track down every man, paying him back with a solitary dollar and death. When loser Marvin Mange is involved in a horrible car accident, he's brought back to life by a deranged scientist as half man and half animal. His newfound powers are awesome -- but their adverse side effects could take over his life. Now, Marvin must fight to control his crazy primal urges around his new squeeze, Rianna, and his rival, Sgt. Sisk, who both think he's one cool cat.  Juan finds himself lost in a spiral of sex, cannibalism, and internet. A perennial understudy takes matters into her own hands to achieve fame at any price. "The Hours" is the story of three women searching for more potent, meaningful lives. Each is alive at a different time and place, all are linked by their yearnings and their fears. Their stories intertwine, and finally come together in a surprising, transcendent moment of shared recognition. Darkly humorous reinterpretation of the zombie film, set in Beijing. Here the undead are real estate agents, nouveau riche businessmen, security guards, manicurists, and sex workers seeking contact in an increasingly individualized, alienating society.  1963  "North Country Blues"  "With God On Our Side"  "Talkin' World War III Blues"  "Who Killed Davey Moore?"  "Only a Pawn in Their Game"  "Blowin' In The Wind"  1964  "Mister Tambourine Man"  Johnny Cash sings "Don't Think Twice, It's All Right"  Joan Baez sings "Mary Hamilton"  "It Ain't Me Babe"  "With God On Our Side"  "Chimes of Freedom"  1965  "If You Gotta Go, Go Now"  "Love Minus Zero/No Limit"  "Maggie's Farm"  "Like a Rolling Stone"  "Mr Tambourine Man"  "It's All Over Now, Baby Blue" With Maestro James Judd at the podium, world-renowned classical guitarist Pablo Sainz Villegas takes the stage with The Chamber Orchestra of Philadelphia at The Kimmel Center for the Performing Arts. Set between Elgar's popular Serenade and the melodic Swiss Symphony by Mendelssohn, Heitor Villa-Lobos' captivating concerto bring a delightful Euro-Latin flavor to the program. Actor Jason Lee and director Eric Noren have produced and directed a new live concert film Midlake: Live in Denton, TX for acclaimed rock band MIDLAKE. The footage was captured at iconic concert venue Dan's Silverleaf in Midlake's hometown of Denton, TX, where the band had stopped off to play a local show while on tour promoting their fourth album Antiphon which was released November 5, 2013. The result is a beautifully photographed 90 minute film that is both a live concert film and documentary homage to the band's hometown of Denton, TX. 2004 was also the year that Noren filmed "Way Out East!", a video release for Lee's Stereo Skateboard company featuring songs from Midlake's debut album Bamnan and Slivercork. Therefore the recent collaboration of Lee and Noren for Midlake: Live in Denton, TX has brought things full circle for the filmmakers and band, ten years later Country music singer Charlotte comes back home to Tennessee a week before she's set to get married, hoping to borrow her late mother's wedding dress from her grandmother.  In the 1970s, a young Spaniard, refusing to do his military service, deserts and flees to Latin America. Today, lost in the forests of Costa Rica, he lives a new existence as a shaman, and carries out rituals for young fugitives from Western civilisation. A visionary film that relates the loss of a man from his own world and his arrival in an unreal Edenic setting.  A beautiful and evocative portrait of Ivens' native city of Amsterdam. A man, after many years, returns to his home village following the death of his father, a beloved local stationmaster. Lee, a former Western film icon, is living a comfortable existence lending his golden voice to advertisements and smoking weed. After receiving a lifetime achievement award and unexpected news, Lee reexamines his past, while a chance meeting with a sardonic comic has him looking to the future. It is a dramatized feature length documentary film describing the life and works of the Mexican lawyer Digna Ochoa and Placido, through her death. The action goes from her first kidnapping by the judicial police of the state of Veracruz, in August of 1988, to her tragic end in October of 2001, in Mexico City. More than sixty on screen testimonies unarguably highlight Digna's heroic actions in defense of Human Rights. Likewise, many incidents in which Digna was harassed, deprived of her freedom and tortured with impunity, were dramatically recreated. Finally, the testimonies of Digna's fellow coworkers will underscore her determination not to succumb to threats, but rather, at the risk of losing her life, to shoulder with renewed resolve the task of defending Human Rights. A wife tries to leave her village to get away from her abusive husband. A murderer finds himself on trial in Hell, caught between a bitter prosecutor and an inexperienced defence attorney. The trial spins out of control when a powerful demon, Lucifer and people from the killer's past become involved. A wife tries to leave her village to get away from her abusive husband. A private investigator helps a former flame solve the murder of her wealthy grandfather, who lived in a sprawling estate surrounded by his idiosyncratic family. This film is an homage to the Gaza Strip and to the possibility of hope beyond hopelessness. Ouroboros, the symbol of the snake eating its tail, is both end and beginning: death as regeneration. A 74-minute experimental narrative film that turns the destruction of Gaza into a story of heartbreak, Ouroboros asks what it means to be human when humanity has failed. Taking the form of a love story, the film's central character is Diego Marcon, a man who embarks on a circular journey to shed his pain only to experience it, again and again. In the course of a single day, his travel fuses together Native American territories, the ancient Italian city of Matera, a castle in Brittany, and the ruins of the Gaza Strip into a single landscape. In the Mediterranean, the sea on which our civilization was founded, miles of refugees await Europe to welcome them. "Stranded" approaches the daily life of these long-term refugees, in occupied buildings or in refugee camps At the gates of Europe these people try to keep hope alive while they live. Three Russian prisons unlock their doors to an international film crew and reveal what life inside is like for the nation's most brutal criminals. Nine men gather for a workshop on a rooftop. There they perform confrontations of everyday life, with the police and at the workplace. In the process, the actors engage a space between the theatrical and the real. This is not a film about workers. The factory is a microcosm, a miniature Egypt. Without knowing why he has come back here, to this place in a foreign country, Ulysse, still a young man, withdraws to a solitary house on the mountainside. One morning, he goes up to the spring that supplies water to his house. On the way, he discovers a clearing entirely overgrown with bramble bushes, and he thinks he might have had a garden there at one time. But why has this place been abandoned by humankind? Circling around the clearing without being able to penetrate the tangle of briars, he decides to enlist the help of an Italian from the area. Together they attack the unruly, impenetrable hedge. But soon, his Italian friend gets discouraged. Alone, Ulysse finally manages to make his way into the middle of the garden. That same evening, Ulysse hears a voice, that of a young woman. She's warning him ... Pro wrestling legend Steve Austin stars as a man with no name, no memory and absolutely nothing left to lose. But when he finds himself hunted by both the FBI and the Russian mob, this amnesiac decides to fight back. Pursuit cannot stop him. Torture will not break him. And with every beating, bullet and betrayal, he'll remember another piece of the horror that took away his career, his family and his identity. Now the puzzle is nearly complete, and one man is about to take back his past...by ending a whole lot of futures. Erica Cerra ("Eureka") and Adam Beach (Flags of Our Fathers) star in this explosive action-thriller about collateral damage, stone cold vengeance, and a double-crossed killing machine known only as The Stranger  Live from Brighton, UK, Amazon Front Row presents Paul Weller at Great Escape. The award-winning and Multi-Platinum singer-songwriter performs songs from his new album Saturn's Patter, as well as classics songs. What happens when you unleash an unabashed Christian comedian and political conservative? You get Hysterical Social Commentary. Brad Stine's comedy is sweeping the nation and his popularity is booming! This first-rate performer headlines at comedy clubs and colleges across the country, and has been seen on MTV's "Half Hour Comedy Hour," Showtime's "Comedy Club Network" and A&E's "Caroline's Comedy Hour," "Evening at the Improv" and "Comedy on the Road." No one is safe from cutting edge side-splitting humor as Brad Stine takes us on a journey through our convictions and presumptions. Brad Stine is going where no other Christian conservative comic has gone before, breaking new ground with his inspiring in-your-face style that is seen full force in "Brad Stine-Gods Comic". SHRED is a motion picture that tells the story of two washed up pro snowboarders from the 90s named Max (played by Dave England) and Eddie (played by Renee Renee) who attempt to cash in on the fantastic growth of the sport by starting their own snowboard camp. Hoping to recapture their former glory, they begin by sharing their wacky wisdom with a group of up and coming young snowboarders. The story takes them from the run down ski hill where they grew up to a major event at one of the biggest resorts in the west. Now more than ever before people all over the planet are seeking new sustainable models for living. EcoVillages and ecological communities have been emerging as a viable alternative where people can live together in cooperation and harmony with the natural world. A New We explores ten such communities in Europe and opens doors to further exploration and discovery on the new Global EcoVillage &amp; Sustainable Community Network. The variety of situations and voices in A New We inspires hope for the future of humanity and all life on the planet. Helene must act as a matchmaker for her world famous fashion designer boss, Alicia Ricosi. Based on the bestselling memoir - Yakuza Moon - by Shoko Tendo. The author stars as herself in the film adaptation of her tumultuous life as the daughter of a Yakuza boss, chronicling her many battles with drug addiction and domestic abuse. Directed by Hiroyuki Tsuji. The bonds between Naomi and Ely are tested when they fall for the same guy. Joe Hua Tang Mo is a live-action and comedy movie. Joe, a teenager, creates his avatar display 'Hua Tang Mo' in a social network, in order to service people who need to look for the real identity of any account usernames or display names on the social network. A young widow discovers that her late husband has left her 10 messages intended to help ease her pain and start a new life. Closed Set, a film by Mitchell Amundsen starring Dakota Johnson. Weathered Secrets traces the development of barns as an indispensible element of the rural economy, examining the role barns have played in the many facets of rural life. During an all-night, drug-fueled party at an abandoned asylum known for the horrific treatment of its patients, a group of ordinary teens decide to experiment with the occult, mysteriously leading to a violent possession. In an effort to find help, the group rushes to escape, only to find themselves locked inside with no means of communication. Tempers flare, trusts are broken and in attempt to save one of their friends possessed by the demon, the amateurs try to perform an exorcism. Instead of solving the problem, and unbeknownst to them, they unleash an even more powerful and vengeful spirit, one with a distinct motive and which wants them all dead. The teen's only chance of survival is to uncover the asylum's deep mysteries and find a way out before it's too late. Cobb Field examines twenty-four hours in the life of Cobb Field, the home of the Pioneer League Billings (Montana) Mustangs. "Cease To Exist" explores the music motive to the Manson murders and uncovers Charles Manson's relationship with Beach Boys' drummer Dennis Wilson and record producer Terry Melcher.  Long ago in the Iron Age a shadow loomed over a lonely village. For generations the village youths are stolen from their families and delivered as sacrifice to a mythical beast - the Minotaur, that dwells beneath a great palace. Theo, haunted by the loss of his love in an earlier sacrifice is convinced that the beast isn't real and that his girl still lives as a slave within the palace. His father Cyrnan, the village leader, tries to reason with Theo not to go but Theo is driven by blind rage. He devises a plan and is taken with the other youths who are dragged screaming from their families. Cobb Field examines twenty-four hours in the life of Cobb Field, the home of the Pioneer League Billings (Montana) Mustangs. Weathered Secrets traces the development of barns as an indispensible element of the rural economy, examining the role barns have played in the many facets of rural life. Vertigo Sea is a three-screen film installation that explores what Ralph Waldo Emerson calls 'the sublime seas'. Fusing archival material, readings from classical sources and newly shot footage, Akomfrah's piece focuses on the disorder and cruelty of the whaling industry and juxtaposes it with scenes of many generations of migrants making epic crossings of the ocean for a better life. On the last day of Ramadan, a hastily assembled crew of technicians waits in a shabby Morocco television studio for the arrival of an important personality, expecting to film what their director Rita promises will be the interview of their lifetime. After his father, an assassin, is brutally murdered, Nick Gant vows revenge on Division, the covert government agency that dabbles in psychic warfare and experimental drugs. Hiding in Hong Kong's underworld, Nick assembles a band of rogue psychics dedicated to destroying Division. Together with Cassie, a teenage clairvoyant, Nick goes in search of a missing girl and a stolen suitcase that could be the key to accomplishing their mutual goal. Vishnu has a bleak future before him, he must join his father in the family's oil business and try and boost the sales of the stinking oil in small town India. He sees his chance to escape by offering to transport a ramshackle truck, with a make-shift cinema, to a distant museum that lies across the expansive desert of Kutch. His companions: a chai-wallah chokra, a gypsy girl and a burlesque mechanic. Set in the 1890s on the Hungarian plains, a group of farm workers go on strike in which they face harsh reprisals and the reality of revolt, oppression, morality and violence.  In the third installment of the hit Nazi Zombie action horror movie, Outpost: Rise Of The Spetnaz, we discover the horrifying origins of these supernatural soldiers and see them in ferocious gladiatorial battle against the most ruthless and notorious of all military special forces: the Russian Spetsnaz. When an injury crushes Ritchie's dreams of playing Major League baseball, he is forced to join a dubious team of used car salesmen. With a drunk receptionist and a not-so-handy mechanic, you'll get more than you bargained for. After the death of his parents, 10-year-old Jackson Mayhew moves in with his Aunt. But when he befriends an elderly man, he begins to suspect that the old man is actually Santa Claus. Warriors! Experience the history of that which no longer can be contained! Prepare yourselves, for you are about to be consumed by a power that makes the skies rumble and the earth shake! In this ultimate collection, the power of the Warrior is alive like never before! Relive his first foray into the ring as a member of the Blade Runners, the advent of his singles career in World Class Championship Wrestling, his entry into WWE and his meteoric rise to stardom. It's all here in this 3-volume set! For the first time ever on a WWE release, hear the Warrior discuss his career in his own words! So, descend into Parts Unknown, load the spaceship with rocket fuel and unleash the power of the Ultimate Warrior! First staged at the Teatro La Fenice in 1846, Verdi's ninth opera, Attila, returns to the stage of La Scala on December 7th. Following the inauguration of the 2015-2016 Season with Giovanna d'Arco and in anticipation of Macbeth, with Attila Musical Director Riccardo Chailly continues his study of Verdi's early works, renewing a successful collaboration with creative director Davide Livermore that began with his acclaimed production of Donizetti's Don Pasquale for La Scala. In this complex opera Verdi experiments with fresh perspectives, featuring spectacular historical settings, introspective angles and moral uncertainties. Attila demands of its performers not only passion and confidence, but also the ability to find subtle accents and psychological nuances. Three middle-aged wealthy couples take vacations together in Spring, Summer, Autumn and Winter. Along the way we are treated to mid-life, marital, parental and other crises. All aboard for one of the best-selling children's series in the country. Features toy trains, real trains, funny bloopers, bells and whistles, the award-winning music of James Coffey, and a sweet spirit that appeals to both kids and grown-ups. See steamers puffing smoke, sleek streamlined diesels, and colorful freight and passenger cars in action. Kids learn, laugh, and want more. You will, too. When a car bomb explodes on the American side of the U.S./Mexico border, Mexican drug enforcement agent Miguel Vargas begins his investigation, along with American police captain Hank Quinlan. When Vargas begins to suspect that Quinlan and his shady partner, Menzies, are planting evidence to frame an innocent man, his investigations into their possible corruption quickly put himself and his new bride, Susie, in jeopardy. Ribbet! Woof! Neigh! Tweet! Elmo loves animals and he wants to learn all about them. What's the best way to walk a dog? What type of animal is considered a wild animal? Do frogs live on land or in water? And how do penguins stay warm? Join Sesame Street's curious red monster and his special friend Dorothy as they explore wild animals, pets, and more! Warning of the dangers of sexually transmitted diseases, specifically syphilis. In the third installment of the hit Nazi Zombie action horror movie, Outpost: Rise Of The Spetnaz, we discover the horrifying origins of these supernatural soldiers and see them in ferocious gladiatorial battle against the most ruthless and notorious of all military special forces: the Russian Spetsnaz. Hugh Laurie marks the climax of his personal musical odyssey with a tribute to Professor Longhair, the man who is his greatest inspiration. Joined by the legendary Copper Bottom Band on the same stage where Longhair delivered his master class in 1975, Laurie puts on a once-in-a-lifetime, unforgettable performance. Dutch singer Caro Emerald burst into the limelight in 2010 when her debut album "Deleted Scenes From The Cutting Room Floor" went straight to the No.1 spot in her native Holland. Later in the year it was released across Europe to universal acclaim and huge commercial success. Her second album "The Shocking Miss Emerald", released in the spring of 2013, was a No.1 album in the UK and Holland and continues to be a top chart title in many territories. This performance was filmed at the BBC Radio Theatre for BBC's "In Concert" series earlier this year, with a 60 minute version being broadcast on BBC Radio 2 and on digital TV. The show features a mix of tracks from both her studio albums, including all her hits, and with a cover version of the Noel Coward song "Mad About The Boy". Caro Emerald is a wonderful live performer with a fantastic voice and an engaging personality and this concert captures her at her best. Evan values family above all else, and anyone who gets between him, his wife, and newborn son learns that the hard way. But when it comes to violent tendencies, it seems the apple doesn't fall far from the tree.  In 1854, noted American transcendentalist Henry David Thoreau published his influential book 'Walden; or, Life in the Woods' about his attempt to live self-sufficiently in his cabin in the woods near Walden Pond, MA for two years. Considered one of Charlie Chaplin's best films, The Kid also made a star of little Jackie Coogan, who plays a boy cared for by The Tramp after he's abandoned, as a newborn, by his mother. The mother later has a change of heart and aches to be reunited with her son. A haunted man desperately searches for his lost love through an illegal pirate radio broadcast. Punk-agit-noir. After being away for four years, Rok Osterberg returns to his home town to investigate the murder of his younger brother Maks. As Maks was involved in illegal business, nobody seems to care about his death. The only person willing to help is a family friend, Inspector Kramer. Back home, Osterberg must face people from his past. The mayor of the city of Rio de Janeiro wants to go down in history. For this purpose, he decides to separate Rio from Brazil and create a new country A man is mysteriously called to the entrance gate of an abandoned country home. As if she was coming out of a water mirror, a woman emerges from the mud at the bottom of a lake. As they approach each other, a spell is cast. Together they experience the enchantment of hallucination, memory and dreams. Reflections on the water will reveal secrets hidden in the nature of the soul. The Mirror is a recreation of Machado de Assis' (1839-1908) homonymous tale Earthquakes, tsunamis, volcanic eruptions, and extreme weather. Has Earth always been this way? Featuring footage of top geologic hot spots on every continent, the film traces the scientifically-based story of the 4.5 billion-year-old Earth, from the core to the crust and up into the atmosphere. Grill up the carne asada, sit back and hold on as JD Films brings you the fifth release in the Dezert People Video Series. Featuring: Jesse James, Wayne Lugo, Steve Oliges, Jason McNeil, Carl Renezeder, Larry Roseler, Vildosola Racing, Camburg, Steve Sourapas, Herder Motorsports, Travis Pastrana (Subaru Rally), exclusive CORR footage and many more... Feature documentary that explores the international arms trade, the only business that counts its profits in billions and losses in human lives. There are storm chasers...and there are "the-day-after-the-storm" chasers. Team Thunderstruck has perfected the chase of perfect weather days and Thunderstruck 13 is a magnificent example of how they slay and shred those sunny, powder-filled days! Sun-burned faces, perfect snow, deep powder, crazy climbs and insane crashes!! From sanity all the way to the asylum, it's all here in TS13! Starring Randy Swenson, Julio Eiguren, Linden Ladouceur, Trennis Baer, Mark Mesenbrink and MANY more! A Jim Phelan Film. 100% Family friendly. There's a new scourge causing mayhem in Great Britain and it's not who you might expect! These seniors have received Antisocial Behavior Orders, been barred from local businesses, face eviction, have extensive criminal records, and more. Hermes is an Argentine anthropologist who is living with the villagers of the Damara ethnic group in Namibia. Researching about the possible origins of mankind and specialized in the cosmogony of some people, he manages to obtain some results. He travels to Argentina searching an answer in San Felix, the last afro-descendant community in the country. Hermes provides a unique bridge that will help to recover the memory of a changed history, with the conviction that mankind descended from amphibious beings. But his desire of knowledge will show him how dangerous it is. Director Pablo Cesar specializes in co-productions between Argentina and Africa.  Documentary about the young musicians at Stax Music Academy's after school soul music program in Memphis, Tennessee.  An acerbic comedian becomes romantically entangled with her ex, his new girlfriend, and another guest during a weekend getaway. An introduction to the work of graphic artist M.C. Escher. When an injury crushes Ritchie's dreams of playing Major League baseball, he is forced to join a dubious team of used car salesmen. With a drunk receptionist and a not-so-handy mechanic, you'll get more than you bargained for. As Cotopaxi spews ash, issuing an eerie penumbra over Quito, a young woman confronts dormant familial conflicts.  Desperate for a place to store her things as volcanic disaster looms, Caridad turns to her long-estranged father Galo for help. Galo abandoned Caridad's mother long ago and is eager to make amends, but questions concerning the nature of his transgressions linger, straining communication between father and daughter and casting grave doubts over the possibility of reconciliation. Jason wants to be taken more seriously as an actor, so he asks his friend Kevin Smith for advice, and decides to become a method actor. Trouble is, being a method actor drives him mad and he slowly becomes a serial killer. The Red Bull Storm Chase DVD is the most challenging documentary in windsurfing history. A unique mission for everybody involved. The heaviest Atlantic low pressure of the year approached northern Europe and hit the coastlines with hurricane force. More than 50 cameras were set up to capture spectacular windsurfing action at the very limit. This movie follows the local heroes on their cross European mission, searching for the perfect spot and challenging Mother Nature on their local spots. Get a view behind the scenes and into a windsurfer's heart full of passion. One Storm, nine countries, 24 Storm Chaser - are you ready? Trax "Evolution of snow bikes" will inspire most any adventure enthusiast while providing you with an in depth look at the history of the "Snow Bike" sport and beyond. Whitechapel's "The Brotherhood of the Blade" follows the band on tour and at home, and dives deep into the hearts and minds of one of metal's brightest up and coming bands. "The Brotherhood of the Blade" stands as a glimpse into the band's world, into each member's outlook, and what changes they've experienced over the past near-decade on tour. The video also features an entire live performance: a hometown gig filmed in Knoxville, TN at The International. Since forming in 2006, Whitechapel has toured extensively at home and abroad, and have amassed success of which most only dream. Their 2014 album "Our Endless War" earned them the bragging rights as one of the heaviest bands to ever crack the Billboard top 10, plus a #1 spot on the Billboard Hard Rock chart. "The Brotherhood of the Blade" is an audio/visual apex that fans won't want to miss. Shot and directed by Mathis Arnell for Naughty Mantis, with live show audio recording, mixing, and mastering by Audiohammer's Mark Lewis. We've seen it a hundred times before - boy meets girl, boy gets girl, boy loses girl, boy gets girl back, and they live happily ever after. Until the credits roll. And after that, it's a completely different story. The Amado's decide to spend a weekend at the family's country home, but the plan is disrupted when Dominga, the Amado's cleaning woman, gives birth to a baby in the middle of a family gathering. To some, Scientology is a bona fide religion based upon rigorous research and its doctrines are akin to universal scientific laws. But to others, including some former members, Scientology is a cult whose so-called doctrines are nothing more than ridiculous science-fiction stories invented by founder, L. Ron Hubbard. What is the truth about Scientology? A vacationing couple's jeep crashes in an isolated location. They have to fight their way back to civilisation in spite of injuries and dangerous animals. Madge Winton (Marion Davies), a beautiful secretary, makes herself look homely in order to avoid advances by lecherous bosses. When her new employer, writer Freddy Matthews (Robert Montgomery), accidentally sees her without her disguise, she has to pretend to be her roommate Sadie. Two women, two lifestyles, same racy encounter. Ara is a realtor who doesn't know how to say "no" to afterhours rendezvous, while Mi Yeon is a bombshell who slowly grows fond of her peeping neighbor. A love story told through science, literature, and music, invoking Miami's mystical undercurrents. A tribute to a tormented love story by the young French filmmaker Charles Redon, who adores and constantly films his girlfriend, an ambitious professional ballerina named Mathilde Froustey. Mathilde eats, trains and sleeps while Redon acts as her assistant. He is fascinated by her physical form and her discipline until he finds out that she is abusing her body. This completely changes the way he sees her: in his eyes, she is transformed from an admirable dancer into a dance-obsessed person with no mercy for her own body. When she starts to avoid him and no longer wants to cooperate with the film, Redon becomes obsessed with the issue that has become a taboo subject in their relationship. A struggling actress is cast in her last off (off) Broadway show - a modern take on "A Christmas Carol" - before giving up her dream and moving home. Instead, she finds romance with her director and a renewed passion for her craft and the city. But when the historic theater loses its lease and the show is set to fold, she and her cast mates are need of a Christmas miracle. Maja, a Sarajevo native, spends her days bouncing all over the city - going to English classes, hanging out with her friends, and trying to stop the deportation of her former teacher, an American exchange student named Austin. A gang of criminals and corrupt cops plan the murder of a police officer in order to pull off their biggest heist yet across town. Lulu wakes up amidst the silence of a house that has been emptied. Five years ago her eight-year-old son, Brandon, and her husband disappeared. The absence they left behind now makes her live in a limbo that is also inhabited by desire, hope and the fight to find them alive. Many stories happen simultaneously through Internet. In the real world, people are lonely, isolated, desperate for finding love, friendship and tenderness. They project themselves as superheroes, with infinity of friends and hypersex. They live asphyxiated in front of their machines, unable to live with the people that surround them, exasperated for finding a pinch of love in the fantasy of the net. Outside the virtual world, they do not exist. Miranda is a sensual tavern owner with a taste for men of all types. Over a year's time, Miranda copes with the death of her husband by enjoying the talents of a different lover for each of the four seasons. All the men are delightful, but which one is the best lover, and who will make a suitable husband? A Paris police detective (Richard Berry) plays rough with a prostitute (Nathalie Baye) and her pimp/lover (Philippe Leotard), whom he wants as an informant. The 2015 24 heures du Mans saw a huge battle between German titans Audi and Porsche and Japanese giants Toyota and Nissan.  Would Audi, who in recent years have made the Circuit de la Sarthe resound to the cheers of their supporters, or Porsche whose spiritual home is on the Mulsanne emerge triumphant, or could one of the Japanese factories achieve what Mazda did in 1991 and knock the Europeans of the top spot in their own back yards?  How would the always fascinating GT dust-up sort itself out? At 7 p.m. he had an appointment...an important appointment. The movie traces three real-life incidents that took place in '80s, 90s and 2000s respectively through the stories titled 'Orphan and the Convict', 'The Farmer and the Nun' and 'The Terror and the Mom'.   A post-apocalyptic tale, in which a lone man fights his way across America in order to protect a sacred book that holds the secrets to saving humankind. Die Entfuhrung aus dem Serail (The Abduction from the Seraglio) is one of Mozart's five great repertoire operas alongside Le nozze di Figaro, Don Giovanni, Cosi fan tutte and Die Zauberflote. A typical "Singspiel", a form in which all the dialogue is spoken rather than sung, it was a great success during Mozart's lifetime and to this day has not lost any of its magic. Mozart was twenty-six when he wrote this opera, which was commissioned by a Viennese Theatre and premiered in 1782. The production for the Schwetzingen Festival in May 1991, which was amusingly staged by Michael Hampe, was recorded in the small, jewel-like Rococo Palace Theatre. Gianluigi Gelmetti led his excellent soloists, including international stars Ruth Ann Swenson and Kurt Rydl to an ensemble performance of great unity. The combination of colourful and imaginative sets and costumes and musical excellence brings the story about Westeners in a Turkish harem convincingly home to the viewers. Recorded at the final show of their 2012 US tour, at Union Transfer in Philadelphia, and mixed by the band's touring sound engineer Andrew Bush, E Rey features the first new WWPJ song in two years, "Peace Sign" - an early live-version taster of their upcoming studio album, which will be released in the fall 2014. Shot by a 5-camera crew, the film includes concert footage as well as tour footage and interviews shot on Super 8 by their friend Matt over weeks of being on the road with the band. The Apology explores the lives of former "comfort women", the more than 200,000 girls forced into sexual slavery during World War II. Today, they fight for reconciliation and justice as they struggle to make peace with the past. Freya loves music and singing and she wishes to perform. But an unpleasant experience as a young girl and a mother who doesn't believe in her abilities makes it hard for her. The only person who believes in her is her father, who dies in front of her. Though Freya has suffered a lot from the loss, she might find a new and bright road forward through music. One thing is certain: she is doing it for her father. In 1939, in a French prison camp, Jose Garces of the defeated Spanish Republican army raises the spirits of his fellow prisoners by telling the story of the year he was 8 years old, 1911, in a small town in northeastern Spain. He was a rascal, baffling his father, always in trouble, and in love with Valentina, a neighbor girl. On his roof top at night he sends semaphore messages to her. He writes poems. He gets them into trouble, killing her father's breeding pigeons. When the two families camp at a decaying castle, his tutor, a sympathetic priest, tells him about the most valiant men, the saints, the heroes, and the poets. Already a poet, he learns a lesson about being a hero. In 1972, Lou Reed's second solo album Transformer elevated him from a minor cult figure to one of the best known and most talked about artists in rock & roll, with its incisive portrait of the demimonde and the distinctive hit single "Take a Walk on the Wild Side." Classic Albums: Lou Reed -- Transformer offers a look at the making of this landmark album, with Lou Reed and engineer Ken Scott offering an in-depth perspective on the recording sessions, and Herbie Flowers revealing how he came up with his memorable bass line for "Walk on the Wild Side." Catherine, a young woman of 17 years extremely shy and reserved met one day Melanie. They very quickly become friends, eventually, Catherine falls under the spell of Thierry, a young man with whom she will live a passion for several months before that it does not lose sight of. Did fear? An American biologist attending a conference in Berlin awakens from a coma after a car accident, only to discover that someone has taken his identity and that no one, not even his wife, believes him. With the help of an illegal immigrant and a former Stazi agent, he sets out to prove who he is and find out why people are trying to kill him.  Mad guy next door.  Lost between here and there, a man and his dog find themselves searching for gold. Shot in Vietnam in the summer of 1969, this documentary creates a vivid portrait of the countryside and ways of life during the war. A woman and her lover are tortured and killed by her sadistic husband. The pair return from the grave to seek vengeance. Scotland, 11th century. Driven by the twisted prophecy of three witches and the ruthless ambition of his wife, warlord Macbeth, bold and brave, but also weak and hesitant, betrays his good king and his brothers in arms and sinks into the bloody mud of a path with no return, sown with crime and suspicion. In the opening stages of the Bosnian War, a small group of Serbian soldiers are trapped in a tunnel by a Muslim force. Adaptation of an Arthur Conan Doyle novel, in which Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson investigate the secret of a wealthy businessman. Psychologist and anthropologist Alberto Villoldo talks with traditional healers of Madre de Dios, a  department within in Peruvian Amazonia. They and Dr. Villoldo explain aspects of ayahuasca, a powerful, plant-based medicine of crucial importance. Autism Media Channel (AMC) presents a prelude to alleged murder - an unprecedented documentary insight into the events that precipitated the tragic death of a Chicago child with autism - a child killed by his mother and Godmother. A detective is on the trail of the Zodiac, a serial rapist who has been taunting him with rhyming clues and riddles. Nick is excited to discover that he's won a dinner date with his favorite actress, Jill Goddard. But when Jill refuses to honor the contest, he receives an offer he can't refuse: the ability to view Jill secretly via computer. Nick begins watching the unknowing star on her webcam, not realizing that this decision will put both himself and Jill at risk as they enter a terrifying world of cat-and-mouse where nothing-and no one-are as they seem. A film spin-off of the popular TV drama 'AIBOU,' starring forensics expert Yonezawa Mamoru as the hero, the popular character from the original series. The film follows Yonezawa's thrilling efforts to uncover the truth back behind the case drawn out in AIBOU: The Movie. Investigator Yonezawa (Rokkaku Seiji) is searching images from the Tokyo Big City Marathon, targeted for a terrorist bomb attack. Within the images he sees his former wife Kazuko (Konno Mahiru), and the following day he learns that dead body that looks like her has been discovered. A mono virus outbreak at Highland Park High takes out the most popular kids for two months, allowing the outcasts to rule the school.  On an island in the Seto Inland Sea, the Teshima Art Museum integrates the serene seaside environment with an architectural structure by Ryue Nishizawa and the artwork "Matrix" by Rei Naito. The remote museum's single installation suspends light, air and droplets of underground water in constant play, defining a unique, meditative space barred from filming. An innovative portrait in which the mysterious artist refuses to appear onscreen, Yuko Nakamura's documentary explores five women's interactions with the dynamic space of "Matrix" in unprecedented access to the site while delving into Naito's body of work, beginning with her projects in Hiroshima. Foregrounding a deep connection with tangible and intangible elements of human experience and generations of Japanese women, Nakamura's film takes full advantage of the cinematic medium to confront Naito's artworks and the existential themes they evoke. -JAPAN CUTS: Festival of New Japanese Film It has been six months since Laida Magtalas won the heart of her prince charming Miggy Montenegro and it has been nothing but good. Laida got promoted from executive assistant to account executive, while Miggy has been doing well as he is being mentored by his older brother Art Montenegro. Laida had gotten an offer from her aunt in Canada where she is being given a good recommendation in order for her to work there. In 2001, artist K8 Hardy set out to document her outfits on video. Over an eleven-year period, until the camera broke, she captured these outfits - and outfitting- on a fairly consistent, if not daily basis. Hisa Ishii and his brother Akira emigrate from Japan to the United States. They settle in rural California and start a strawberry farm, slowly integrating themselves into the life of the community, which includes Japanese-Americans of both lengthy and brief residence. A slice-of-life documentary of the rubber plantation boys in Zamboanga Sibugay. It's about boyhood journeys and life's realities told in a free-spirited, yet melancholic manner. Helen lives in London with her father and her kids. John, her husband, is an aid-worker in Eastern Europe. He has been gone many months. Helen is desperately anxious that he should come home. Taking the kids to school one morning, she is killed in a car accident. She remains caught in limbo, trapped between life and death. Many miles away, in war-torn Eastern Europe, John is unaware that his wife has died. As Helen herself is unaware that she is dead. Thus begins, a four-day Odyssey: Grandpa and the kids must come to terms with Helen's death; John must travel across a war-torn land as he tries to reach home; and Helen must stand helplessly observing her own existence as it comes back to haunt her - until at last she is reconciled with John, and thus released. A man is overcome by an unknown force. A small group of survivors are left behind after millions of people suddenly vanish during the rapture and the world is plunged into chaos and destruction. Two marginally intellectually disabled young adults fall in love and wish to marry. After the police find Derek's daughter brutally murdered on the beach, he vows to make the culprit suffer for his actions, even if that person is 'part of the family.'  With careful research into the history of torture, Derek prepares himself and his basement for a week of brutal tactics that will make his daughter's killer feel the pain that he has inflicted upon so many others.  In a time when stranger danger is ever present, a single father learns that it's the ones you trust most who have to be watched the closest. A horror novelist begins to fear his stories may have a life of their own. The latest discovery by a blind shell collector puts the relationship between man and nature on edge: a rare mollusc that is extremely poisonous, but has a healing and hallucinogenic effect on some people. Can people resist the creature's temptation, or will they put their lives at risk for a heavenly trip? Mayan shaman Hunbatz Men addresses a crowd of pilgrims from around the world in this historic event organized to usher in a new era of knowledge that fulfills a Mayan prophecy and marks the end of a 520-year period known as "hell time." Joining the Mayan Council for a ceremony reactivating the sacred sites at Chichen Itza, Uxmal and Palenque are author and teacher Drunvalo Melchizedek, astrologer Barbara Hand Clow and three Tibetan lamas. It's getting late on a Friday night and Ralph is keen to get out of the office, but the boss won't let him. No big deal, right? It's just that the full moon is rising and Ralph is a werewolf. In this new softcore erotica film from the writer/director of Daydream Obsession, Lawrence is just out of the closet and he turns to his straight friends for help. After getting a massage from an old high school crush, he has his friends find out more about the masseur. Will he turn out to be more than a masseur? Will he be faithful to Lawrence?  Satoshi Kuribayashi and his team filmed the insects for over an astonishing 430 days, resulting in breathtaking images and scenes from a still fairly unknown world. Watch a mantis sneak up on its prey and catch it with its razor sharp claws. Experience a deadly, thrilling wasp fight. Sit back and watch the world of the insects unfold before you like you have never experienced it before. A romance between the painters and writers: Dr. Atl and Nahui Olin arises in this era, the 20's, while Jose Vasconcelos founded the Ministry of Education and call all the intellectuals of the country for this project. Mr. President Alvaro Obregon, who feels devotion for the intellectuals allows one of the most important cultaral crusades of our history. In this liberal atmosphere where gays, the divorce, the vote for women, began to be accepted, several of our protagonists are given in love within a whirl of ideas, passions, political and ideological propositions. Security team 'Safety First' accepts its biggest challenge so far: guarding the famous electronic music festival Tomorrowland. Cult classic starring Ralph Macchio as a want-to-be blues guitar virtuoso who seeks a long-lost song by legendary musician Robert Johnson. Raj a mere bachelor, who has no intention of marrying is being convinced by his uncle. His uncle passes on the duty to Namrata a married woman whose husband Sanjeev leave her five years ago. Namrata is responsible for finding Raj a suitable bride, while she is busy finding girls for him, he is busy along with his mischievous friend Adi straying away all the girls by making up wired plans. But Raj falls in love with the match - maker herself. While this is happening Sanjeev, Namrata's husband return and foil all plans between Raj and Namrata. Soma, an immigrant from a defeated country, lives as a fortuneteller in Japan. She is saved from corrupt court officials by Kojiro Masakado, a warrior from Bando. They get swept up in a conflict between Bando and the imperial forces. A couple try to repair their damaged union in an Italian vacation paradise. Then they discover the owner's intentions. A young girl falls in love with a synthesizer - Benoit Sabatier, rock-critic and Marcia Romano, screenwriter for Francois Ozon, Emmanuelle Bercot and Xavier Gianolli build in full independence a small universe through which the contemporary music scene crosses. A synth-pop hymn, fetishistic and sensual - on an original score by Blackmail. The legendary Jamaican-born dub and regga master Rasta Lee "Scratch" Perry, the spiritual MC of the film, invokes Haile Selassie in a fiery re-enactment of an historical event from the Italian Fascist period when an effigy of the last Negus of Ethiopia, Haile Selassie I, was burned in the main square of the filmmaker's hometown, Vernasca, a village located between Milano and Bologna.  At the same time, Haile Selassie I was becoming the Black Messiah for Rastafarianism, a movement born in Jamaica during the 30s and spread all over the planet, including Ethiopia, considered the Mother Land by Rasta followers. A heartless poet wants to rewrite his lost stories while talking with Ines, the woman who takes care of his fundamental needs. Young Alice, having become a celebrity for her adventures in Wonderland, is in her bedroom dreaming about visiting Paris and sharing adventures with the storybook girl Madeline. While no comment is made as to where this Alice comes from or what time the film is set in, Alice seems to be American, as she likes Cheese Burgers and is having a great deal of trouble when it comes to getting to France. As Alice points out, "Getting to Wonderland was easy - all I had to do was fall down the rabbit hole. But let's face it - it takes money to get to Paris!". In the summer of 1942, Laurette Monet, a young Protestant, then a student of theology in the South zone, discovered while committing herself in the Cimade, the Recebedou French internment camp, at the time of the great deportations of the summer of 1942. A getaway driver finds himself in harm's way when he gets caught up in a job involving casino heist money leading to a debt over his head. A US Army officer had made a "friendly fire" mistake that was covered up and he was reassigned to a desk job. Later he was tasked to investigate a female chopper commander's worthiness to be awarded the Medal of Honor posthumously. At first all seemed in order. But then he begins to notice inconsistencies between the testimonies of the witnesses.... Alex and his girlfriend Anna have a problem: Anna couldn't be more pregnant, and neither can find an affordable flat. The only one who can help is Anna's father, Commander Reiker, a sweet but screwy military man who owns an empty house. Reiker, however, to whom the Swiss Army means everything, has problems of his own: how can Switzerland, nation of fabled warriors that even exports its troops to protect the Pope, maintain its fear-inspiring reputation with all the cost-cutting measures? The Army is being forced to save, to restructure, and to take itself seriously. To prevent his ramshackle troops from being axed, Reiker urgently needs help. And just about anyone will do. Like his future son-in-law Alex, the least capable man one could imagine. As a yoga teacher, house-husband and pacifist, Alex has what it takes to be discharged, not put in charge. The pact he concludes with Reiker will not only shake up the Swiss Army, but also Alex's relationship with Anna... After burning Rome, Emperor Nero decides to blame the Christians, and issues the edict that they are all to be caught and sent to the arena. Two old Christians are caught, and about to be hauled off, when Marcus, the highest military official in Rome, comes upon them. When he sees their stepdaughter Mercia, he instantly falls in love with her and frees them. Marcus pursues Mercia, which gets him into trouble with Emperor (for being easy on Christians) and with the Empress, who loves him and is jealous. A filming crew meets Harry Houde, a charismatic, yet polarizing and unethical private detective from Quebec City. After a few weeks, they all go to Gaspesia, where Harry hopes he can find a woman who has been missing for 5 years. Created at irregular intervals, Pierre Leon's small oeuvre oscillates between experimental home movie and theatrical mise-en-scene, found footage and documentary assemblages. PHANTOM POWER is a kind of sum of these rich and lavish efforts, a poetic series of cinematic fragments, an inventory of his cinematic output. What unfolds between russian folk songs and Ingrid Caven's singing, between micro-dramas and found footage, is the poetic world of this wayward and still unknown artist, whose discovery and recognition is long overdue.  - Viennale In southern Chile, in the region of Araucania, a young poet travels through the Pehuenche territory, which still bears the scars of colonialism. "I'm entering the former Maison francaise, which is now a bar..." With a minimal voice-over consisting entirely of quotes, Carlos Vasquez Mendez transforms what seems to be a here-and-now landscape into a place where history peeps above the surface. Chaghig Arzoumanian is 27, but she could be a thousand years old; it is her voice-over that we hear telling her family's past with its accumulation of first names, stories, journeys and photographs handed down to her in snippets, through hearsay and anecdotes. Her Armenian genealogy, which is of mythical proportions, becomes re-inscribed in today's landscapes.  Filmed in a women's restroom in a park in Tehran, this film offers insights into the lives of women in Iran. The ladies' room enables the women to unveil themselves, both physically and psychologically. In a series of frank and intimate conversations, these women debate everything from drugs and family abuse, to sex, relationships and religion. World War II vet Paul Sutton falls for a pregnant and unwed woman who persuades him -- during their first encounter -- to pose as her husband so she can face her family. A mysterious girl appears in the lives of an elderly childless couple and a troubled young man. She transforms their understanding about love and life. The ephemeral beauty, who will melt your heart.  A henpecked American visiting Europe is able to throw off his ghastly wife and find love.  In 1978 the Undertones released Teenage Kicks, one of the most perfect and enduring pop records of all time - an adolescent anthem that spoke to teenagers all over the globe. It was the first in a string of hits that created a timeless soundtrack to growing up, making the Undertones one of punk rock's most prolific and popular bands. Daughter of a wealthy family is kidnapped and imprisoned underground in a coffin, while her family and the police search for her. This movie was originally shown as an ABC Movie of the Week on September 12, 1972. The story is based on the 1968 kidnapping of Barbara Mackle by Gary Krist.      Erotic thriller set in an Amalfi fashion house. A new music teacher in a 1955 West Texas home for wayward boys brings new vision and hope for many of the interned boys. Norma and Arthur Lewis, a suburban couple with a young child, receive a simple wooden box as a gift, which bears fatal and irrevocable consequences. A mysterious stranger delivers the message that the box promises to bestow upon its owner $1 million with the press of a button. However pressing this button will simultaneously cause the death of another human being somewhere in the world; someone they don't know. With just 24 hours to have the box in their possession, Norma and Arthur find themselves in the cross-hairs of a startling moral dilemma and must face the true nature of their humanity. Amadou was born in Burkina Faso. Amadou lives in Marseille. Amadou comes to Berlin to repatriate the body of his brother Issaka to Burkina Faso. The Panke is a small river that is born in Bernau, to the north of Berlin, and that after crossing great part of the city ends in the Spree. It has an extension of 29 kilometers. A young man briefly meets another young man in a party and loses sight of him after a experiencing a quick crush. The search begins, with both love and exorcism. With the help of a girlfriend who now lives far away but keeps him company in her own way, he tries to find him in parties and similar situations to that of their first encounter. But none of this is actually what it seems. Disco Limbo plants its flag on common fiction grounds and creates its own language, made of mountain settings, dubbed voices, animated topographies, tutorials, video games, deserts, karaoke, and endless parties. The result is a journey in which time and space aren't necessary companions, and where there's so much distance between words and pictures as it exists between the boy who is searching and the one who -we can conclude- is escaping. Las calles could be regarded as a film about words, about describing and naming, about secrets and confessions, and about language as the matter of memory. In a dialogue between generations, young people are responsible for elaborating the question, and School is the place that tries to come up with a technique for it. In turn, the elderly answer through their stories, which are basically the story of the town. And like the word -which is always a fiction- builds a reality, the film sustains its tone on that intermediate area in which a fictional setting provides the conditions for the pure documentary genre to mark the pace and reach out to people. Some of the lines that run across Italian Romantic are the things we see and are whisked away, sounds, the murmurs and music of a city, the seductive walk of a woman -the beautiful Camila Toker-, the silent desire of a man filming and chasing, the local people of a beach resort and their counterpart, the tourists. Cinema within cinema, like an endless Russian doll. Shot during the last Mar del Plata Film Fest, the film's images range from close-ups of the woman giving a ghostly interview to her love flings as she goes through the city sharing her experiences. A great compilation of the things driven by the experience of watching, making, and feeling films, either from inside or outside of it, as protagonists, directors, or spectators. Trick or Treason (Halloween): Join Alvin and his brothers Simon and Theodore for this hilarious Halloween adventure. Alvin wants to be accepted into the Monster Club to get their cool Monster jacket, but the Monster members think it s cool to be cruel. It takes Theodore s friendship with Michael, a misunderstood outcast the other kids call Pumpkinhead, to show Alvin that being a true friend is really a lot more cool than trying to be a popular Monster! There are plenty of laughs and surprises -- and music, including the Chipmunks rendition of the hit song Monster Mash -- to make this a monstrously fun video any time of the year! By day Gerri Dandridge is a sexy professor, but by night she transforms into a real-life vampire with an unquenchable thirst for human blood. When a group of high school students travel abroad to study in Romania, they find themselves ensnared in her chilling web of lust and terror. Charlie and 'Evil' Ed must stop Gerri from drinking and bathing in the blood of a 'new moon virgin', who just so happens to be Charlie's ex-girlfriend. Based on a true story set in 1948, customs officer Mehti is faced with the duty of formally setting up the border between Turkey and Syria, dividing his hometown. He is unaware of the pain that will eminently unfold, as families, languages, cultures and lovers are both ripped apart and clash head on in a village once united. Former lovers randomly find each other, and start to catch up, walking in the Buenos Aires night. "Each year forty million visitors descend on the Mojave Desert to have an encounter with chance and a timeworn narrative of excess, with the assurance that whatever they do there will disappear into oblivion. The mass media reproduces and celebrates the image of Vegas based on gratuity and transgression. LAS VEGAS IN 16 PARTS proposes a flirtatious dialogue with this collective perception through an aesthetic of appropriation. The film cannibalizes the sheen of the city's voracious capacity for spectacle: from the 1950s, when atomic explosion tests became another tourist attraction, to the present, when a male stripper turns police brutality into the sensual fantasy of a bachelorette. A documentary about a concrete city, it inversely aspires to be a fiction of an improbable collective fantasy." Tiresias has been shot in 2014, during a residency involving three French Art centers, based in the central Pyrenees region. The script is the result of this producing method, and suggested the idea of a shape-shifter protagonist that psychologically and bodily changes according to the locations.The character's body becomes, more and more, a polical manifesto; it embodies all the characteristics of all the social outcasts. A handyman with marital problems meets a housewife with the same. The Monkey King: The Legend Begins is the re-imagined version by Hollywood of the film The Monkey King: Havoc in Heavens Palace, the origin and birthplace of The Monkey King Story. "One summer I set off alone in an attempt to cross a thousand miles of the most remote wilderness in America, the Brooks Range of northern Alaska. It was a journey of mountains and solitude, river crossings and rapids, mountain passes and gravel bars, wolves, grizzlies, and caribou." Join the adventure with this documentary of an epic solo adventure across the trackless wilds of Alaska! The only thing that Liv wants in life is to be herself and live happily ever after with a beautiful woman. While her mother won't accept Liv's love interests and is stuck on finding her the perfect man, Liv's best friend Jason is out to find her the perfect girl until an unexpected blind date beats him to it. Argentina achieved advances in the recognition of civil and political rights of LGBTI group. Including the Gender Identity Law (Law No. 26 743, enacted in 2012). These rights represent an advance on legal equality. However, there is still the challenge of social inclusion to the Trans community. And it is here where we find Kimby. She struggles in that universe. Sometimes she is working on the train or trying to work on sidewalk near the Retiro station selling sandwiches, candies, lighters or pairs of socks. And she travels every day in the San Martin and North Belgrano train in her act of daily survival. Without family and with just a friend, Mary, her permanent support, she spends days in the Capital. Among his odd jobs and his unrequited love, far from her beloved mountains of Cordoba, she dreams with a 'real job' and that married man, who she loves so much, he plays someday for her. The ugly duckling of a fraught middle-class household has her life turned upside-down by the arrival of a handsome German exchange student, in this caustic, absurdist satire of petit-bourgeois family life from Dutch director Michiel ten Horn. (TIFF) In the future, the gender disparity gap was addressed with a radical idea: keep boys and girls physically separate until the age of eighteen. In this society, The Equal Futures Academy for Girls and the Equal Futures Academy for Boys were formed to re-educate the two genders without the inherent biases of society. The Equal Futures Academy propels more girls into the arena of captains of technology than any other school in the world. Frankie, Libby and Sheridan of the Girls Who Code are a premiere coterie of students with brains, beauty and binary bravado. The expert hackers have found a way to interact with the boys from their sister school and trouble ensues. Code Academy is a peek into the inner world of adolescence, gender identity formation and the role of cyber space in this tumultuous time of growth. Tina lives in a quiet seaside town but her life is anything but quiet - her mother is threatening to leave her father, her daughter is being bullied and she and her husband Mick are juggling full time jobs and three children. Determined to ditch the dysfunction and beat her inner demons, Tina puts on her fighting gloves - literally, stepping into the boxing ring to sweat out her anxieties and punch up her self-worth. But does she have what it takes to get her family off the ropes and emerge victorious? The adventure of Melissa and Gustavo starts aboard a red cargo ship crossing the Atlantic Ocean. It takes them from Brazil to Berlin, a city of perpetual movement, where the old constantly has to give space to the new. The couple finds a home and transforms it into the center of their own universe. As time passes and seasons change, life and cinema become interchangeable and their apartment evolves into an ever-changing stage, where friends are invited to play their own roles and reality and fiction merge. Until one day a cosmic portal appears in their home, opening connections between the past, the present and the future. An antiterrorism agent goes under the knife to acquire the likeness of a terrorist and gather details about a bombing plot. When the terrorist escapes custody, he undergoes surgery to look like the agent so he can get close to the agent's family. Ryan O'Neil, a War Veteran suffering from PTSD after being wounded in combat, returns home to his pregnant wife, Stephanie. Her brother Tony, a corrupt cop, has been helping her out while her husband has been serving the country. Ryan and Tony have never been fond of each other, and things get heated as Tony attempts to meddle with their marriage. But when Ryan starts to have flashes and visions of killers, extraterrestrials, and other strange beings in his house at night, he's not sure whether it is real or if it is just in his mind. Stephanie, already on edge with Ryan, is deeply concerned about her husband's behavior. As the days go by, Ryan will soon find out what sinister presence has been haunting him in his nightmares. (IMDB) A bunch of men go on a short vacation and set their inhibitions aside. Experiments, rivalry and new loves lead them to redefine who they are and how they view life. In this early stop-motion film by Czech surrealist Jan Svankmajer, a device consisting of a clock, a pendulum, a faucet and a bucket enacts a series of events whenever the clock chimes. The Ninth Wave, Banish from Sanctuary, Nightfall, Fly, Tanelorn (Into the Void), Prophecies, The Last Candle, Lord of the Rings, Time Stands Still (at the Iron Hill), Bright Eyes, And the Story Ends, Sacred Worlds, Twilight of the Gods, Valhalla, I'm Alive, The Bard's Song - In the Forest, Mirror Mirror A period drama set in the city of Varanasi. The king of Varanasi is unable to satisfy his younger wife's sexual needs so she has an affair with one of the king's generals. The award-winning film documents the amazing, true-life adventures of Billy Meier, the only proven UFO contactee. A struggling novelist moves his wife and young son to an old country home, but when a presence begins to communicate with his son, the family must escape an evil that threatens to doom them to the house for eternity. The last of the 'Airport' series again stars George Kennedy as aviation disaster-prone Joe Patroni, this time having to contend with nuclear missiles, the French Air Force and the threat of the plane splitting in two over the Alps! Mystery Science Theater 3000: Shorts Vol 1  Twenty-year-old Thomas Lindgren gets out of a youth rehab clinic, after being falsely accused of raping his ex-girlfriend's younger sister. He is looking forward to a new life and the summer in Oslo with his friends -  But soon, he finds himself beaten, tied up and held hostage by the victims father who is desperate to find the truth.  An American biologist attending a conference in Berlin awakens from a coma after a car accident, only to discover that someone has taken his identity and that no one, not even his wife, believes him. With the help of an illegal immigrant and a former Stazi agent, he sets out to prove who he is and find out why people are trying to kill him. A drug-addicted doctor who works in an asylum discovers that one of his patients is a gifted writer. Umesh is accused of killing a newspaper editor. His wife and mother hire a reputed lawyer named Sangram Singh Sahni, who agrees to be the defense lawyer without charging them any fees. The case is going in Umesh's favor, until a young man named Jai Kumar, comes as an eye-witness and states that he has seen Umesh commit the murder from his balcony right opposite the venue of the murder. Umesh is convicted and sentenced to death. Umesh's sister, Sarita, finds out that Jai was paid to lie, and she approaches him to change his testimony. He refuses, but subsequently relents when he finds out the havoc he has caused in their lives. He approached Advocate Sahni, who attempts to do his best to get a new trial, in vain, though and Umesh is set to die within one week. Now Jai must come up with the person who really killed the Newspaper Editor, and the only clue he has is a photograph of the killer's shoes... When Jamie's maternal grandmother dies, he and his brother Tommy are separated - Tommy is taken off to a welfare home and Jamie goes to live with his other grandmother and uncle. His life is far from happy, filled with silence, rejection and bouts of violence.  A detective's bride and her bridesmaid are raped and killed on the eve of the wedding, and the bodies are left covered in red roses.  The detective is drugged and framed for the murders and he must clear his name and find the killers. The turbulent relationship between Oskar and Alex ends in a big blaze, Alex has set fire in Oskar's apartment. So Oskar decides that everything shall be different with the next one and he makes a deal with fun-loving Masha: sleeping together but no making love. They both drift through Berlin and through their lives, sometimes playful, sometimes obsessively. And even Masha has her issues. While trying to build up a "normal" relationship, both Masha and Oskar reach their limits.  - Written by Claudia Romdhane To summon the third eye awakening, we should not agitate the surface of the mind and physical eye, but soothe and provoke the third eye to awaken. In the gap of time, the flame of images that rise and become eternity is forming the rhythm and the speech. The teachings received in my travels and in green crystals. In distanced mysteries, the half rotten emulsion is the art of metaphysical connection and path of the awakening. An Olympian runner tries to find his way through life again after a brutal car accident. Along the way he encounters two very unique women who change his life in different ways. An ambitious young executive is sent to retrieve his company's CEO from an idyllic but mysterious "wellness center" at a remote location in the Swiss Alps but soon suspects that the spa's miraculous treatments are not what they seem. A high school girl named Riley has the ability to travel back in time and uses this power to save her friend who commits suicide. "Pinkwashing" is a term activists have coined for when countries engaged in terrible human rights violations promote themselves as "gay friendly" to improve their public image. Israel is the country most famous for this strategy, having initiated it as part of a rebranding campaign has been engaged in for the last decade. In 2012, activists in the Pacific Northwestern region of the US responded to an Israeli Consulate-funded pinkwashing tour featuring Israeli gay and lesbian activists that was coming to the region. Local queer Palestine solidarity activists exposed the "Rainbow Generations" tour as pro-Israel propaganda and got some of the events, including the tour's centerpiece event hosted by the City of Seattle's LGBT Commission, cancelled. A significant backlash ensued involving the Seattle City Council and Seattle's leading LGBT and HIV organizations. Through the inspiring story of these activists' victory, Pinkwashing Exposed explores how pinkwashing works. After the death of their college age son, Anne and Paul Sacchetti relocate to the snowswept New England hamlet of Aylesbury, a sleepy village where all is most certainly not as it seems. When strange sounds and eerie feelings convince Anne that her son's spirit is still with them, they invite an eccentric, New Age couple to help them get to the bottom of the mystery. The plot revolves around the relationship between a young drifter and an abused housewife. Directed by Rakhshan Bani-Etemad.  Despite the tumor-shrinking medical miracle that has bought her a few years, Hazel has never been anything but terminal, her final chapter inscribed upon diagnosis. But when a patient named Augustus Waters suddenly appears at Cancer Kid Support Group, Hazel's story is about to be completely rewritten. The year is 1800. The town, Bacchusville, New Jersey. Reclusive local witch Helena Pottsworth (Paige Richards) can no longer contain her surging lesbian desires, and this puritanical, post-colonial town is about to fight a revolution of the sensual kind. Using a bit of black magic and a lot of hypnotic beauty, Helena begins seducing the female citizenry in bodice-ripping acts of pagan eroticism and hot-tongued debauchery that make bodies quiver in ecstasy. City police surround a building attempting to capture a suspected murder. The suspect knows there is no escape but refuses to give in. During the day, Hu Tien lives as a respectable office employee, but when night falls, he unashamedly plunges headlong into an exciting world of lust and sex as a high-class Hong Kong pimp! Thanks to his uncanny knack for setting up prostitutes with "sugar daddies," Hu Tien starts living the high life. Things take an even more dramatic turn when the drop-dead gorgeous Irene (Betty Pei Ti from The Delinquent and Intimate Confessions of a Chinese Courtesan) enters the fray. Thanks to Hu Tien's involvement, this rough and tumble new vixen soon finds herself being the center of attention among all the wealthy sugar daddies. But is his relationship with Irene merely business or is there more to it? Sweet Hilda Capper spends her birthday fending off the well-meaning intrusions of family and friends. Expeditions to the heart of the country with the author Pedro Lenz, who lives above the Flugelrad Restaurant next to the railway station in Olten. An oscillating snapshot of the prevailing mood in Swiss society emerges from the interplay between stories of everyday life and Lenz's reflective texts in Swiss dialect, replete with laconic poesy and a tinge of yearning. Yuddham is a 2014 Telugu drama film directed by Bharathi Ganesh. The film stars Tarun and Yami Gautam in lead roles.The film also features late Srihari and was released as a tribute to him as he played a pivotal role in it.  Nelson is a man devoted to his advertising career in San Francisco. One day, while taking a driving test at the DMV, he meets Sara. She is very different from the other women in his life. Nelson causes her to miss out on taking the test and later that day she tracks him down. One thing leads to another and Nelson ends up living with her through a November that will change his life forever. Thirty-four-year-old high school student Nobuo meets his classmate Rikako, who believes in succeeding only with her tears and singing voice, and helps her find her father. Stuck in the vortex of struggled youth, will they ever grow out of their endless seventeen?  Yassi, who has doubts about Mohsen's life in common, decides to remind her of a memorable occasion. He anticipates everything in advance for the best of the party, ignoring the fact that the circumstances do not go away on his own. The film deals with betrayal in marriage. Rock Hudson is Roger Willoughby, a renowned fishing expert, who, unbeknownst to his friends, co-workers, or boss, has never cast a line in his life. One day, he crosses paths with Abigail Paige (Paula Prentiss), a sweetly annoying girl who has just badgered his boss into signing Roger up for an annual fishing tournament. Despite the tumor-shrinking medical miracle that has bought her a few years, Hazel has never been anything but terminal, her final chapter inscribed upon diagnosis. But when a patient named Augustus Waters suddenly appears at Cancer Kid Support Group, Hazel's story is about to be completely rewritten. Cal Weaver is living the American dream. He has a good job, a beautiful house, great children and a beautiful wife, named Emily. Cal's seemingly perfect life unravels, however, when he learns that Emily has been unfaithful and wants a divorce. Over 40 and suddenly single, Cal is adrift in the fickle world of dating. Enter, Jacob Palmer, a self-styled player who takes Cal under his wing and teaches him how to be a hit with the ladies. Students in a small rural school love their poor but unconventional teacher Mr Matsukuma although he is misunderstood by most of the villagers and is forced to leave. After his departure there is great depression but there is a chance to rekindle the lantern of the title and the values Matsukuma represented ... Chano is deported back to Mexico after living most of his life as an ilegal immigrant in the USA. Now, away from his wife and kids, he lives alone and depressed in the country where he is supposed to belong. While rebuilding an old motorcycle with Don Memo, a retired motorcycle racer, with whom he is forced to work, he will discover where his real home is. In 1973 the Halloween industry would be changed forever When Knott's Berry Farm in Buena Park, CA, hosted their very first Halloween Haunt event. Many years later, employees of the park known as "Street Monsters" developed a new scare tactic that involved sliding great distances across concrete asphalt in order to surprise and scare the guests of the event. In this film you will hear the stories of the Street Monsters who invented or who refined this skill into what it is today and also see what it takes to be a Street Monster at this event. Tells the true story of a bungled and obstructed police manhunt for a serial killer who could and should have been imprisoned after his first crime. Two young RCMP officers, each separately investigating a rape and murder, captured the culprit, but because of legal red tape, jurisdictional chaos and incompetence, the suspect was allowed to continue his rampage until he was finally arrested and imprisoned - several murders later.  Audiovisual notes on the individual and the state. The film utilizes various forms of found material to create an association between verbal and audiovisual quotes which explores historical concepts of cinema, art and politics. a clumsy maid getting a hand spanking from her mistress. Ethan Wate just wants to get to know Lena Duchannes better, but unbeknownst to him, Lena has strange powers.  As Lena's 16th birthday approaches she might decide her fate, to be good or evil.  A choice which will impact her relationship forever. "Carefully positioned, the camera begins on a single frame, the shutter held open, and then is imperceptibly increased in speed, quickening the frame rate and thus changing the exposure time for each successive frame, which slowly produces a visible moving image whose speed eventually falls into step with real time. For a film whose title describes the relatively simple mechanism used to create it, Gradual Speed ushers a series of startling transfigurations which brilliantly engage with the extended time spent with people, animals, events and objects in whose company the filmmaker sketches larger concerns of love, fixity, representation and loss." -- Julie Murray Everyday teen hero Kim Possible and her best friend Ron Stoppable embark on their freshman year of high school, all while saving the world from evil villains. While Kim and Ron have always been one step ahead of their opponents, navigating the social hierarchy of high school is more challenging than the action-hero ever imagined. With Drakken and Shego lurking in the wings, Kim must rely on her family and Team Possible--Ron, tech-genius Wade, new friend Athena, and Rufus, a Naked mole-rat. Conflict arises when, Reshmi, a young woman who has been engaged since childhood to her cousin, is courted by a famous pop star. Kai (Leehom Wang) awakens on his Shanghai houseboat--alone. His girlfriend Emma (Olivia Munn) has suddenly disappeared, leaving behind the one thing that could lead to her whereabouts: her smartphone.  Deeply disturbed, Kai seeks to uncover where she went, with whom she's connected, and what she took with her. Is Emma really who she says she is? Or is there something more sinister at play? Second year high school student Kodaka Hasegawa has transferred to his new school about a month ago, but he still hasn't made any friends. Kodaka Hasegawa was born from a Japanese father and a British mother. Because of his appearance, people think Kodaka Hasegawa is a troubled kid. One day, Kodaka Hasegawa sees classmate Yozora Mikazuki pleasantly talking to herself. Kodaka Hasegawa talks with her about how to make friends. To make friends, Yozora Mikazuki decides to form the Neighbor's Club and forces Kodaka to enroll in the club. Like Jim Carrey's Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Engrams is a wild, fun trip that delves into the human mind and our complex emotions by examining a young scientist who attempts to cure depression by triggering happy memories. When his girlfriend destroys everything that defines her personality, it starts a chain of events that sends him on a global search for his lost love. Ever judge someone just by looking at them? Of course, we've all made snap judgments about people. But what if we really got to know them? How would our opinions change? And what if we were forced to become them... how would the shoes fit then? Stressed-out high school teacher Trish Fahey can't understand her students' lack of effort and why their parents don't seem to care. This perspective dramatically changes when Trish meets Molly, a mysterious stranger intent on helping her see things differently. When Trish wrecks her car, Molly is there as Trish wakes to find herself living the life of Cindy Kremer, the woman she has personally judged and criticized. Trish discovers that there is often more to the story and learns a powerful lesson that affects everyone she interacts with. Her husband, her daughter, the ex-Marine next door... No one is left unchanged. Progressing from movement workshops led by dancer Dimitri Chamblas, choreographer Mathilde Monnier and performer Yves-Noel Genod into a multi-layered story, the film follows a group of young artist-performers as they attempt to stage a revolutionary action.  Two young Chinese whose lives intersect in Los Angeles at the crossroads of their lives. Renowned filmmakers D A Pennebaker and Chris Hegedus follow determined animal rights activist Steven Wise into the courtroom for an unprecedented battle that seeks to utilize the writ of habeas corpus to expand legal "personhood" to include certain animals. Wise's unusual plaintiffs--chimpanzees Tommy and Kiko, once famed showbiz stars--are now living in filth, struggling to survive. Wise and his impassioned legal team take us into the field, revealing gripping evidence of such abuse and plunging us into the intricacies of their case as they probe preconceived notions of what it means to be a non-human animal. On his father's order Jason is taken from his lover. When he arrives at his father's mansion he meets Belinda and is instantly attracted to her. Because of his long estrangement to his father Jason is just discovering his father to be a violent person and decides to take Belinda and leave the mansion. But their governess begs them to stay. Complicated events follow all of which are caused by Belinda. Thrilling psychological drama about a runaway coed who enters the lives of father and son further complicate their relationship and later ruin their lives. Having escaped years of imprisonment, vampire warrioress Selene finds herself in a changed world where humans have discovered the existence of both Vampire and Lycan clans and are conducting an all-out war to eradicate both immortal species. Now Selene must battle the humans and a frightening new breed of super Lycans to ensure the death dealers' survival. 'Critical Moment One' was an un-planned recording of a one-year old boy exploring shells and sand on a beach. Though the boy was my own grand-son, it was never seen as a 'home-movie' - the child's face is never seen and it was shot over his shoulder - as close to his 'point-of-view' as I could get. As a young man and as my own children grew up, I was greatly intrigued by the book 'The Construction of Reality in the Child' by Swiss psychologist, Jean Piaget. Piaget made an exceptionally close observation of the changing stages of behavior of his own children which provided me with a conceptual framework for my own observations.  The children of same sex parents are given a voice in this engaging and charming documentary investigating the concept of family. A curious nun ventures into the darker side of her animated world. On vacation at a remote lake house, a mother and her two young daughters must fight for survival after falling into a terrifying and bizarre nightmare conceived by a psychopath. Manuel and Lupe want to have a baby. When Manuel discovers he is infertile, he starts to fall apart both physically and emotionally. After exploring several options, Manuel turns to Ruben, his new friend, to act as their donor.  Two modern-day cowboys meet on a shepherding job in the summer of '63, the two share a raw and powerful summer together that turns into a lifelong relationship conflicting with the lives they are supposed to live. A fusional love story, between sensuality and children's games. An intense encounter, a walk of memories, and the anguish of a woman in love. The execution of 200 Greek resistance fighters by the German occupiers on May 1st, 1944 in Kaisariani, as reprisal for the Greek Resistance ambush against Nazis. Jimi, a computer game designer, finds that his latest product has been infected by a virus which has given consciousness to the main character of the game, Solo. Tormented by the memory of his fled girlfriend Lisa and begged by Solo to end its useless "life", Jimi begins a search for people who can help him both to discover what happened to Lisa and to delete his game before it is released. A local boy from Seram Island, Salawaku, embarks on a journey to find his sister Binaiya. Accompanied by Saras, a tourist from Jakarta, their trip slowly lead them to several conflicts that might separate them. A musical drama inspired by the 1956 classic, Tiga Dara. Juzaburo, known as a chivalrous robber, is one day betrayed by his henchman and his entire gang is slaughtered. The gravely wounded Juzuaburo escapes and is saved by Inspector Sadaemon and a couple, Kansuke and Okayo, who run a tavern. There, Juzuaburo retires and changes his name to Genzaburo. Erin and Garrett are very much in love. When Erin moves to San Francisco to finish her journalism degree and Garrett stays behind in New York to work in the music industry, they gamely keep the romance alive with webcams and frequent-flyer miles. But just when it seems the lovers will soon be reunited, they each score a big break that could separate them for good. A group of people have a run in with a family of cannibals People in costumes do funny stuff.  Butcher's crew make sausage from dogs and cats... and old boots... A man almost spills all of his popcorn and soda. The processes, observations and notes about the beauty of lost moments. A kindergarten director Troshkin is a dead ringer for a criminal nicknamed "Docent" who stole the priceless... The story of boxer Sean Mannion, born in the 1950s in Ros Muc in county Galway, Ireland, his boxing career, his emigration to America and the effect it had on him, his brush with organized crime in Boston. Two little siblings live in the island of Menorca at the turn of XX century. Their parents are gone so they live in the countryside with their uncle, "Es Conco", who takes care of them while he cultivates the farm in the raw nature. The kids play around learning all about the island in a kind of a magic mode- not only by the things you see but by the stories related to them and all the legends that grow around in the stunning environment. The past, the present and the future meet in one place where tales and real facts intermingle. One day, the children discover a ship on the bay, which is like an icon of a human wish- present while unattainable. Narrated by Morgan Freeman, this groundbreaking new documentary uncovers the UN sanctioned war on drugs, charting its origins and its devastating impact on countries like the USA, Colombia and Russia. Featuring prominent statesmen including Presidents Clinton and Carter, the film follows The Global Commission on Drug Policy on a mission to break the political taboo and expose the biggest failure of global policy in the last 50 years Kandia, an African women in her fifties who has lived in Sweden for 30 years, decides to move back to Gambia. Her son Ibbe, who dreams of a career in hip hop and is about to make a breakthrough, goes with her. Their encounter with their homeland, however, doesn't turn out the way they imagined. A warm, broad drama comedy about a universal theme: identity. At the racetrack. During a summer day, two young lovers, Eri and Mihono, swallow a mysterious pill obtained during a strange deal with a woman living in the forest. A young man, an adult and an old man (perhaps the same man) wake up one morning at their summer home. That place no longer belongs to them but they will recreate the summer of their lives.  A little boy, obsessed with blindness and violence, slowly gets trapped in his own delusions. After renting a cursed VHS tape of a horror anthology nobody has ever heard of, four horror lovers are sucked into the tape and forced to live out each segment alone. Nicole and Mark get engaged, but his stepsister believes she has a claim on him and is willing to do anything to be his bride. A look at the Miami-Dade County Corrections and Rehabilitation Boot Camp Program, which allows young inmates undergo a strict six-week course in order to learn from their past mistakes and make a better future for themselves. Nehuen Puyelli and his family are of Mapuche origin, Ramon Arce purges the end of a long condemnation, both men cross their destinies in a framework of confinement, as a result of the judicial corruption prevailing in a Patagonian city. A vindictive and wealthy mother makes use of all the resources at her disposal in order to bring Nehuen to a limit situation.  The Mona Lisa Curse is a Grierson award-winning polemic documentary by art critic Robert Hughes that examines how the world's most famous painting came to influence the art world.  With his trademark style, Hughes explores how museums, the production of art and the way we experience it have radically changed in the last 50 years, telling the story of the rise of contemporary art and looking back over a life spent talking and writing about the art he loves, and loathes.  In these postmodern days it has been said that there is no more passe a vocation than that of the professional art critic. Perceived as the gate keeper for opinions regarding art and culture, the art critic has supposedly been rendered obsolete by an ever expanding pluralism in the art world, where all practices and disciplines are purported to be equal and valid.  Robert Hughes, however, is one art critic who has delivered a message that must not be ignored. An enigmatic actress may have a hidden agenda when she auditions for a part in a misogynistic writer's play.   Carl Barron's topics jump from one to the other and back again, until you find yourself helpless with laughter. What a show this was; a mixture of stand up, musical attempts and crazy facial expressions. Barron captured his audience from the word "go". People were laughing so hard they were either crying or nearly falling out of their chairs. A symbolic union of countries is profiled in this historical documentary. On July 17, 1975, the American Apollo spacecraft joined with the Soviet Soyuz, where NASA's Thomas Stafford shook hands with Russian Alexey Leonov.    Along distant and desolate streams, five men start looking for the fossil of the largest feline that has ever inhabited these lands - the saber-toothed tiger -, holding onto the hope of saving themselves through the sale of the bones of the tiger.   Judah Ben-Hur, a Palestinian Jew, is battling the Roman empire at the time of Christ. His actions send him and his family into slavery, but an inspirational encounter with Jesus changes everything. He finally meets his rival in a justly famous chariot race and rescues his suffering family. In the film, we see subjects instructed to administer electric shocks of increasing severity to another person, and observe both obedient and defiant reactions. After the experiment, we witness subjects explain firsthand their actions. Obedience is as relevant today as it was at its publication. As we as a society witness suicide bombings, torture, and gang atrocities, we wonder just how far people will go. Fifty years later, this experiment still resonates as people ask themselves, "Would I pull that lethal switch?" This is the only authentic film footage of Milgram's famous experiment and is essential to all foundational work in social psychology at the graduate, undergraduate, and high school level. An assassin is hired by a businessman to avenge the murder of his daughter by white slave traders in Thailand. Andrew returns to his hometown for the funeral of his mother, a journey that reconnects him with past friends. The trip coincides with his decision to stop taking his powerful antidepressants. A chance meeting with Sam - a girl also suffering from various maladies - opens up the possibility of rekindling emotional attachments, confronting his psychologist father, and perhaps beginning a new life. As the World Cup gets started in 2002, a North Korean squad commander (Lee Seong-jae) stationed at the DMZ who is crazy about football is frustrated that he cannot participate in the excitement in the South. He loves football so much that he even memorizes all the names of the members of the South Korean national team. One night during a search operation in which the leader and his troops chase a boar to satisfy their hunger, they come face to face with soldiers from South Korea. It doesn't take long for the soldiers to discover that they share a love of football and they begin secret radio communications so they can listen to matches together. When their secret is uncovered, the squad leader and his troops must find a way out of the situation. Documents the underground feminist punk movement 'Riot Grrrl', a network of bands and fanzines that called for 'grrrl love' and 'grrrl empowerment' and whose fiery rhetoric and groundbreaking performances resuscitated both feminism and punk rock.  It picks up where the series left off in its final episode as the relationship of Joee and Joey moves on to the next level. Joee is about to give birth while Joey remains in love with her and tries to become a responsible foster father. A young scientist's experiment goes awry when he creates a monster from a radioactive isotope and finds that the creature consumes energy to grow in size and terrorize the nearby town. A musical short based on Bernardo Pasquini's Arietta antica. The film debut of Lia Franca. Experimental At her daughter's funeral, a woman remembers her family's shame when she fell in love with another woman. A story of a married couple, Koji and Shizuko. They have purchased a piece of land to build their new home after being married for five years. Despite Koji's excitement. Shizuko stays calm. One day, Koji receives word that Shizuko has been in an accident. She was found with an unknown man when she was supposed to be traveling with her friends... Karl is a troubled young man. He has survived an attack from a masked killer, endured sleepless nights haunted by terrible apparitions, and been the target of demonic possession. In an attempt to get his life back together, Karl seeks the help of a therapist to work through his issues. But as he relives his ordeal, he realizes his struggle may not be over. Jean discovers that Anne cannot get enough of being humiliated by her mistress, Claire. Gentleman that he is, he decides to partake in the activities. Ultimately, Claire surrenders to him as well. Heather has left home to start college. She finds herself grappling with challenges common to any freshman: money management, self-discipline, focus... and a crippling crush. Two grieving women - Ria, a Dublin mom whose husband discloses he's in love with a woman already pregnant, and Marilyn, a Connecticut Yankee who's son has died - swap houses for a couple months. Marilyn finds solace in Ria's garden and becomes friends with Colm, a local with a restaurant and his own demons. Ria gets a job cooking, has a date or two, and gradually comes out of her shell. Meanwhile, Waking up in his apartment, a psychiatrist learns that he is being held captive by a patient and that one of the tortures inflicted upon him is the loss of his manhood. When he escapes with the help of his wife, his eventual recovery comes complete with a donor piece that greatly affects their lives together. Shortly afterward, he begins to experience strange visions of a woman he's never met, which begins to affect the relationship as he seeks out the girl behind the visions. When they begin a relationship together, it soon develops into another personal tragedy.  Yuriko is a miserable house wife forced to live under the emotional and physical abuse of her husband until a criminal breaks in and sets her free.  Mineko is a schoolgirl, who finds out that she has supernatural powers. With her friend Kaori Saikin, who also has these kind of powers, they decide to test if their classmate Keiichiro is one with these powers too. The gathering of the three shakes the world and they are drawn to another world, Land of Middle, where their help is needed to free the people of the Land who are are fighting for their freedom against an evil force.  A mining engineer (Andre Soriano) who is having marital problems with his wife of Indian descent played by Mara Altiera. The two have a son (Peter Lacana) who is afflicted with a learning disability. The husband decides to set up the wife with one of the workers at camp (Jamil Basa) who also stays in the house--an act that eventually leads to a menage a trois. Menage begins as a comedy of sorts, but be warned: it develops into a very dark, very confusing probe into the seamier aspects of Parisian life. Gerard Depardieu plays a crude but charismatic thief, whose own gayness does not prevent his commiserating with those of the opposite sex. Miou-Miou and Michel Blanc are young, impoverished lovers who fall under Depardieu's influence. He gains their confidence by introducing them to kinky sex, then sucks them into a vortex of crime. Director Bertrand Blier, who in most of his films has explored the awesome power (rather than pleasure) of sex, nearly outdoes himself in Menage (aka Tenue de Soiree).      Hector is a quirky psychiatrist who has become increasingly tired of his humdrum life. As he tells his girlfriend, Clara, he feels like a fraud: he hasn't really tasted life, and yet he's offering advice to patients who are just not getting any happier. So Hector decides to break out of his deluded and routine driven life. Armed with buckets of courage and child-like curiosity, he embarks on a global quest in hopes of uncovering the elusive secret formula for true happiness. And so begins a larger than life adventure with riotously funny results. Two families attempt a daredevil plan to escape the GDR with a homemade hot air balloon, but it crashes just before the border. The Stasi finds traces of this attempt to escape and immediately starts investigations, while the two families are forced to build a new escape balloon. With each passing day the Stasi is closer on their heels - a nerve-wracking race against time begins. The day after the funeral of Varlam Aravidze, the mayor of a small Georgian town, his corpse turns up in his son's garden.  Although it is secretly reburied, the corpse keeps returning until the police capture the local woman who is responsible.  This woman says that Varlam should never be laid to rest since his Stalin-like reign of terror led to the disappearance of her family and friends. When Sophie's son, Garrett, develops a mysterious illness, she embarks on a search for answers. This leads her into the controversial world of Genetically Modified Organisms (GMOs) where a sociopolitical battle rages between organic farmers and big biotech corporations. As her desperation grows, so too does her quest for knowledge. And the deeper she goes, a more heightened sense of danger develops that preys on her state of mind, as she attempts to discover the root cause of her son's illness. A gangster relates the story of how he started his life of crime, beginning when as a child he faked his own kidnapping in order to get money from his parents for the "ransom"... A comedy documentary about performing stand-up comedy for U.S. Troops stationed in Afghanistan, Kuwait and Iraq. Heartfelt interviews with top professional comedians are woven in with filmmaker Jordan Brady's first-hand experience going to the Middle East. While traveling (Spring 2016) brutal terrorist attacks in Brussels, Turkey and Iraq remind us of the dangers in thew world, and underscore the mission to provide laughter for the men and women serving the military.  A St Saint-just-et-Vacquieres, Jean-Michel Burel, schoolmaster of a class at several levels, begins his last school year before retirement. The teacher teaches tolerance and wisdom in the same way as spelling and mathematics. It conducts its programme with determination. It endeavours to support students to give them confidence and raise them above. Through the eyes of a former student, now Director, emerges a timeless school where rigour is combined with good humour, a school where freedom begins with respect for others. A school that belongs to the universal field of childhood. On an island off the coast of North America, local residents simultaneously fight a zombie epidemic while hoping for a cure to return their un-dead relatives back to their human state. When a teenage girl must act as a translator between her crush and a French girl who catches his eye, she decides to alter their conversation to her benefit. Luisa Llorente, an expert on taxation of old buildings, had recently gone to the Victorian mansion Valdemar to conduct an inventory of property ownership. After she mysteriously disappeared, Maximilian, president of her company, engaged the services of a private detective to help find her. But soon they will discover that it is not the first disappearance at Valdemar mansion! BOY MEETS GIRL is a funny, tender, sex positive romantic comedy that explores what it means to be a real man or woman, and how important it is to live a courageous life not letting fear stand in the way of going after your dreams. Tiny Per has come of school age, and he has certainly not become any duller. He has joined a soccer team and they must play against the Swedes. La Scala went all out for its 1986 production of this grandest of grand operas, with a strong cast and, most important for a video recording, a larger-than-life staging. The Triumph Scene in Act II is by no means Aida's only attraction, but it is the part that makes the strongest and most lasting impression and it is the visual and musical climax of this production. Stage director Luca Ronconi brings on a procession to dwarf all processions: looted treasures, heroic statuary, miserable captives struggling under the lash of whip-bearing slave drivers. On par with these visuals is Lorin Maazel's first-class performance of the popular Grand March with the outstanding La Scala chorus and orchestra. In Act III, the contrasting tranquility of the Nile Scene also gets a visual treatment to match the music's qualities. The Suspicious centers around a mysterious pharmaceutical company and its new drug that cures insomnia. The owner Li attempts to sell his company to a Japanese businessman, but the businessman only has eyes on the formula of his new drug.  Joe portrays An Qi'er, a senior secretary who strikes an ambiguous relationship with Lin Yitai, an insomniac general sales manager at the pharmaceutical company. Portraying an extremely cold, evil and manipulative character, Joe said she has finally fulfilled her wish to portray a completely different character from past roles. In Mystery, Alaska, life revolves around the legendary Saturday hockey game at the local pond. But everything changes when the hometown team unexpectedly gets booked in an exhibition match against the New York Rangers. When quirky small-towners, slick promoters and millionaire athletes come together. Mona, a prisoner on work release, meets Clement, a shy actor. Desperate to impress Mona, Clement recruits his extroverted friend, Abel, to help. When Mona becomes more interested in Abel, it sets off a conflict between the two friends. Meanwhile, Mona attempts to keep her past hidden. The road to glory is walked as a pack. When the Mexicanine Republic becomes the host for the World Canine Cup, the coach has one chance to put together the best team in history; but the new warriors will have to learn to put aside their differences and work as a team, to show their country that ultimate football glory is more than just a dream. Some Detroit strippers find a bundle containing 100 thousand dollars and run off to California to open yet another strip club. Unfortunately, the money belonged to a gangster and he hunts them down. Adapted from an internet novel, this Chinese comedy follows Zhang Jian Man, an IT geek who wishes to start his own company. His beautiful roommate, Xia Xueli, is an environmental designer who is always cold towards the people around her. As the two continue to live together, they find themselves falling in love with each other.  Reconstructing the details of the death of his brother, Rafael Burlan da Silva, twelve years ago, the filmmaker Cristiano Burlan launches a personal journey that leads to the heart of a cycle of violence in the outskirts of Sao Paulo -- like the neighborhood Capao Redondo, where his family lived and where his 22 year-old brother was killed with 7 shots in 2001. Exploring his brother's reasons for involvement with drugs and car theft, the director exposes parts of his own family history, listening to relatives and friends, whose testimonies bring to light the fates of several characters, mapping the history of painful emotional wounds. The fourth film of firefighter-turned-director Yang Shupeng, Blood of Youth follows a young hacker named Su Ang (Oho Ou), who anonymously tips off the police about the remains of a woman buried in the woods near the city of Hangzhou. Detective Zhang (Zhang Yi) discovers the victim was beaten to death almost two decades ago, and starts investigating the events that lead to her death. these young people from different realities and with different life trajectories are accompanied as they prepare for the entrance exams Blurring borders between documentary and fiction, this film portrays a few moments from the lives of three people from Belo Horizonte: a transsexual prostitute and academic, a Hare Krishna soccer fan and a would-be writer. A tale about a happily married couple who would like to have children. Tracy teaches infants, Andy's a college professor. Things are never the same after she is taken to hospital and operated upon by Jed, a "know all" doctor. With contraband strapped to the backs of their dogs, smugglers set off to cross the Spanish-French border. Having been spied upon and betrayed to customs officers, a fierce skirmish results and only the dogs and a single smuggler reach their destination. Weslie and his crew discover an evil mechanical dragon who defeats Wolffy as he was attempting to capture the goats, but a series of good dragons rescue Weslie and the goats. The good dragons say that evil dragons have taken over their world, and they need the help of the goats. Rudraba, daughter of Ganapatideva, the emperor of the Kakatiya dynasty, was officially designated a son through the ancient Putrika ceremony and given the name Rudradeva so that she could succeed her father after his death. Despite opposition, she became of the most prominent rulers of the Kakatiya dynasty and one of the few ruling queens in Indian history.  Following the success of the Dawn Rebellion, Degwin negotiates with Vice Admiral Revil to surrender all Federation assets and the complete withdrawal of Federation forces from Side 3 to prevent similar incidents from happening again. After bring reprimanded by Degwin for failure to look after Garma, Dozle sends Char - who motivated Garma into starting the rebellion - to Earth; in response, Char requests to become a mobile suit pilot when he returns. Feeling the burden of his responsibilities, Dozle proposes to cadet Zenna Mia. In the Earth city of Manaus, Char lands a job as a mobile worker pilot at a construction site. He meets a young Lalah Sune at a casino. A thriller centered on a widower who moves into a seemingly perfect new home with his daughter and new wife.  Al Roberts, a New York nightclub pianist, hitch-hikes to Hollywood to meet his girlfriend Sue. The gambler he's riding with, Charles, unexpectedly dies. Afraid the police wouldn't believe the truth, Al takes the man's identity. In a gas station, he gives a lift to Vera, a woman that knew Charles and blackmails Al with tragic consequences. Set against the backdrop of the succession of Queen Elizabeth I, and the Essex Rebellion against her, the story advances the theory that it was in fact Edward De Vere, Earl of Oxford who penned Shakespeare's plays. The Speed Sisters are the first all-women race car driving team in the Middle East. They're bold. They're fearless. And they're tearing up tracks all over Palestine. Four exceptional astronomers celebrate 50 years of work and friendship on a return road trip in the southwestern United States, recapturing youthful adventures and recounting each other's influences on the most exciting period in astronomy's history. Roger the instrument-maker, Donald the theoretician, Nick the visionary, and Wal the observer. Together they represent the most productive period astronomy has ever had. They helped build the world's biggest observatories and made revolutionary discoveries about the evolving universe, discoveries that have the power to change the way humanity sees itself. Alison Rose's film is a funny, insightful, humbling and intimate portrait of friendship, as the men reflect on how their profound work on the universe has reflected back on the individual, affecting their sense of religious faith, how life may have purpose, and what is knowable and unknowable. Marco Lopez, a former Neo-Nazi and skinhead, tries to leave his violent, racist and hateful past behind him. A family with diversified members travels to Istanbul from Yozgat after their youngest son fell in love with a girl.  Night Mail is a short (25 minute) black and white documentary made in 1936. It shows the special train on which mail is sorted, dropped and collected on the run, and delivered in Scotland on the overnight run from Euston, London to Glasgow. Don't miss the W H Auden poem 'Night Mail' toward the end of the film! Tracking an old man (with a truly Bela Tarr-like persistence) through the streets and bars, and porn cinemas, and taco-joints, of Mexico City on what might be the pensioner's last day on Earth, Critic/curator-turned-film-director Lipkes has crafted an undeniably challenging but beautifully realised vision of modern loneliness. The strongest Hunters that once existed in the Hunters Association were split into "light" and "dark", and each walked down their respective paths. The "dark" side begins moving in order to massacre all Hunters! What actions will Gon take when the many crimes of Netero and the Hunters Association are unveiled...?! After leaving their company Christmas Party together, David Hargrove and Emily Brandt's impromptu first date takes an unexpected turn when their coworker, Corey, asks them to make a late-night stop at an ATM.  What should be a routine transaction turns into a desperate struggle for survival when an unknown man appears outside the vestibule.  With the wintry temperatures dipping below freezing, and the morning sunrise still hours away, they have no choice but to play the man's deadly game of cat-and-mouse. Kevin McCallister's parents have split up. Now living with his mom, he decides to spend Christmas with his dad at the mansion of his father's rich girlfriend, Natalie. Meanwhile robber Marv Merchants, one of the villains from the first two movies, partners up with a new criminal named Vera to hit Natalie's mansion. A frog who hates the water and jumping wishes that he could be like the other animals in the Amazon rainforest. Faust Sonnengesang III is a road movie: A traverse of the American continent, full of memories of American images, songs and literature that shape our lives from our youth. Wild West films, series, lecture impressions as well as the encounter with a Navajo shaman in Monument Valley form the background of this opulent and beguiling sound and picture noise.    This hateful world only allows handsome guys to date! 'Below average guy' and Chinese restaurant delivery guy Kang Dae-oh was born single and solo until now. He has a crush on college girl Ye-rin whom he fell in love with at first sight but is blocked by her spec and hasn't been able to tell her his feelings yet. Polar Bears in Hudson Bay struggle in a green world. Up close and personal, originally shot all on native 3D. A street-smart witness (Ian McShane) to a gangland slaying tries to beat the hit man at his own game. A look at the lives of two teenage girls - inseparable friends Ginger and Rosa -- growing up in 1960s London as the Cuban Missile Crisis looms, and the pivotal event the comes to redefine their relationship. First Haikyuu!! recap movie. Documentary musing upon the work of German filmmaker Rainer Werner Fassbinder. Olegario, a poor man from the Brazilian Northeast, must cross an arid region to sell his animals. He faces several dangers like poisonous snakes, a jaguar, hunger and thirst. Toto has grown and now is a young cock. An evil rancher tricks the female owner of the ranch where they live and forces her to bet the property in a cockfight in the arena. Toto is the only option to defend their home, so he must train in just one week and win the championship of the arena. In a Crimean filtration camp, after the evacuation of the White Army, an unnamed captain is haunted by memories of a brief romance as he tries to understand how the Russian Empire fell apart and who is to blame. The story of four people who cannot manage to become a family again after a loss and who destroy themselves with each passing day.  The plot narrates how a group of inseparable friends feel, suddenly, the urgent need to deceive each other with their respective wives. Ladies, attractive, intelligent and wealthy, decide to teach a lesson to the new "Don Juans". Documentary about the portuguese surfer Tiago Pires.  The film tells the story of 3 navy officers, Samir, Ahmed and Sherif who go back to their houses and wives for only 24 hours vacation after spending 6 months on duty aboard the ship. But instead of being welcomed after their long absence, their wives ignore them completely because of their doubts in their husbands' loyalty during long absence. But later on, the wives were proven wrong and they forgive their husbands who get another 24 hours vacation. After her brother's death, Roma Courtney becomes the heiress to his fortune. When fake psychic Paul Bavian claims to have a message from Roma's dead brother, he coaxes Roma into participating in a seance. Although Roma's fiance, Grant, first believes the seance is nothing more than a scam, he eventually realizes that the vengeful spirit of an executed murderer has possessed Roma's body. Eve is a catastrophe--low on self-esteem but high on fantasy, especially when it comes to music. Over the course of one Glasgow summer, she meets two similarly rootless souls: posh Cass and fastidious James, and together they form a group. William Kentridge's multi-layered production of Berg's masterpiece at the Metropolitan Opera stars charismatic soprano Marlis Petersen in the title role - the enigmatic and alluring woman who is equal parts femme fatale, innocent girl, and abused victim.  Lulu is a young woman so beautiful and alluring that few can resist her siren charms. The men drawn into her web include respectable newspaper publisher Dr. Ludwig Schon, his musical producer son Alwa, circus performer Rodrigo Quast and Lulu's seedy old friend, Schigolch. When Lulu's charms inevitably lead to tragedy, the downward spiral encompasses them all. In a loveless relationship, Zoe ditches her faceless boyfriend in a cheap motel room and sets off north without a penny to her name.  She hitch-hikes, pilfers a meal from a gas station, encounters strangers who could be her next ride or a passing glimpse, ambling toward some unknown destination.  At the end of her pilgrimage, Zoe reaches the English Channel; on the ferry a woman mysteriously disappears.  A new coat gives Zoe a new identity, but even in a new country she's not quite sure she's escaped herself.  Agent Coulson stops at a convenience store and deals with a coincidental robbery during his visit. Director Franco Zeffirelli's beloved version of one of the most well-known love stories in the English language. Romeo Montague and Juliet Capulet fall in love against the wishes of their feuding families. Driven by their passion, the young lovers defy their destiny and elope, only to suffer the ultimate tragedy. Will he catch up to the girl of his dreams before it's too late?  Young Cedric (Ceddie) Errol and his widowed mother (known only as "Dearest") live in genteel poverty in 1880s Brooklyn after the death of his father. Cedric's grandfather, the Earl of Dorincourt, has long ago disowned his son for marrying an American. But after the death of the Earl's remaining son, he decides to accept the little Cedric as Lord Fauntleroy, his heir. Checco is 39 and lived his entire life with his parents. He loves his job where he does nothing the whole day, until something happens that will change his behavior and his life forever... Based on the famous tale by Hans Christian Andersen, the film tells the story of the Ugly Duckling. When he hatches in Mother Duck's nest by mistake, everybody thinks he's the ugliest duckling around. But in time he wins the hearts of all the animals on the farm - and at last becomes a beautiful swan.  Ridiculously good-looking superheroes Derek Zoolander and Hansel defend people from the dark forces of the fashion world.  A young woman is sexually assaulted by a powerful businessman, starting a public trial in which she will have to endure the abuse of those who do not want justice to be made. When returning to his hometown with his ill mother, Marlombrando meets again his father and the Drive-in cinema where he spent his childhood. Almeida keeps the cinema functioning with the assistance of only two employees: Paula, who takes care of the projection and the snack bar; Jose, an old friend of Almeida, who helps selling tickets at the cashier and cleaning up the place. The arrival of Marlombrando and the demolition threatening of the Drive-in will bring new directions to their lives. Academy Award nominee and Tony Award-winner John Lithgow (Dirty Rotten Scoundrels, Shrek, 3rd Rock from the Sun) takes the title role in Arthur Wing Pinero's uproarious Victorian farce, directed by Olivier Award-winner Timothy Sheader (Crazy for You and Into the Woods, Regent's Park Open Air Theatre, London).  In a similar vein to the National Theatre's smash-hit classic comedies, She Stoops to Conquer and London Assurance, The Magistrate is sure to have audiences doubled up with laughter. When amiable magistrate Posket (John Lithgow) marries Agatha (Olivier Award-winner Nancy Carroll, After the Dance), little does he realise she's dropped five years from her age - and her son's. When her deception looks set to be revealed, it sparks a series of hilarious indignities and outrageous mishaps. When flatmates Karan and Rahul are unable to pay the rent, they are dramatically evicted. However, they sneak their way back in within hours as the building is being renovated. Based on a true story.  In Leon Blum high school in Creteil (France), a history teacher decides to have her weakest 10th grade class take a national history competition. This will change them. The talented Korean tenor, Bae, who penetrate the audience's hears through his delicate and powerful singing, is on the rise to stardom at the European opera scene. Sawada, a Japanese music producer, is searching for a new tenor for an upcoming performance. He watches a performance of Bae and invites him to Japan, which marks the beginning of friendship. But, the thyroid cancer strikes Bae. During an operation, the nerves of his vocal cords has be cut due to the widely spread cancer. Unfortunately, Ba ends up losing his voice at the peak of his career. Sawada cant's stand to watch Bae's miserable so he starts to look for a solution. So-yeon is a college student who sues the government for not being able to protect the socially weak from sexual favors. She goes on national television to talk about this case. Hae-yeong is a broadcasting anchor who hosts the show and the panel starts to battle about the matter of sexual favors. Uncensored words go back and forth as the debate goes on and the initial topic of sexual favors turns into a talk about the basic laws that the government must live by and its problems as well as the duplicity of the higher social class. The debate turns into harsh words and pointing fingers while the director of the broadcasting station instigates them to do better for improved viewing percentage . So-yeon is alone in the hall after everyone's left and she opens her mouth.. "There's no seduction I can't refuse..." A quirky couple spends their three-year dating anniversary looking back at their relationship and contemplating whether they should break up. It follows a manic-depressive author called Andrew Gony. The movie shows Andrew in both mental stages, to visualize that the split screen is used, on the left side you see the manic Andrew and at the same time on the right side you can see the depressive Andrew, and how he reacts to different events in both phases. Both sides have different things to deal with, the manic Andrew has lots of energy and ideas, he doesn't require much sleep and in order to deal with his overage of energy he runs, the depressive Andrew is suffering from insomnia, is uncreative, non productive and in battle with his inner self. Gentle, easy-going Or Kia moves from the countryside to Kuala Lumpur to work for his cousin and best friend Ah Soon, a mid-level gangster and enforcer. While Or Kia works hard to put a sister through school, Ah Soon cares for an unstable girlfriend prone to mysterious disappearances. As they both sink deeper into a nocturnal world of debts, drugs, and betrayal, Or Kia's loyalties are strained when Ah Soon falls out of favor with the bosses and tries to escape the business. Gohan has been kidnapped! To make matters worse, the evil Garlic Jr. is gathering the Dragonballs to wish for immortality. Only then will Garlic Jr. be able to take over the Earth in order to gain revenge for the death of his father. Goku rushes to save Gohan, but arrives at the fortress just as Garlic Jr. summons the Eternal Dragon! Krillin and Piccolo try to help Goku, but their combined powers. Takarada, a member of a group of swindlers which has reunited to pull off a big caper involving down comforters, shoddy encyclopedias, and a panda suit. However, the actual scam they're about to run takes a back seat to the trust issues between the group. (coming soon)  Elias and Nora discover that their daughter Lea is the fountain of life in human form. Through mutual contact with water, she can cure anyone of anything. But it's not without consequence. A homicide detective traumatized by the death of his father has to investigate a series of strange murders, while the hit man responsible for them confesses to a priest that he will be his next victim. 'We come in peace' is not what those green men from Mars mean when they invade our planet, armed with irresistible weapons and a cruel sense of humor.  This star studded cast must play victim to the alien's fun and games in this comedy homage to science fiction films of the '50s and '60s. Security team 'Safety First' accepts its biggest challenge so far: guarding the famous electronic music festival Tomorrowland. A troubled veteran gets a chance at redemption by protecting a girl from an assassin after she witnesses a murder. Holding a shotgun with a single shell, he engages in physical and psychological warfare in a desperate fight for the girl's life.  In April 2014, the entire nation of South Korea watched on television live as The Sewol capsized off the coast of Jindo. The tragedy left life-long wounds in the hearts of people whose family and friends had been among the 304 passengers killed. The majority of the victims were high school students on a school trip. Their parents were not even given the luxury of grieving, as they had to camp out in front of the Parliament, City Hall and the Presidential House, asking for only one thing - to know the truth about why their children had been left to die. But after more than a year, that truth has yet to be brought to light. This film is a documentation of the year-long struggle and painful soul-searching of people destined to be labelled as 'bereaved families' for the rest of their lives, as they come face to face with the naked face of their cruel country. Movie contains the stories of three people: Suzuki (Toma Ikuta), Kujira (Tadanobu Asano) and Semi (Ryosuke Yamada).  Suzuki is a former middle school teacher. His girlfriend was killed, which led him to quit his job and attempt to take revenge on her murderer. To do so, Suzuki has to infiltrate the underground world of criminals. Kujira is a contract killer for hire. He makes his targets fall into confusion and eventually commit suicide. Semi is a contract killer who uses the knife to take out his targets.  Legend has it that five locks protect the world's magic power, but it accidentally selected a "nobody" " Pig Man (Zhang Zikun) as its owner.  In the city of Minato Mirai in Yokohama, the news of Fusion's defeat by the Pretty Cures is the hottest topic in town! Girls everywhere, were in love with the Pretty Cures, are dressing up and acting as their favourite Cures. Only Sakagami Ayumi, the new transfer student, is alone by herself.  On her way home from school, Ayumi encounters a strange creature. After naming it Fuu-chan, Ayumi and the creature soon become good friends. However, Fuu-chan is actually a piece of Fusion, and holds the power of darkness. In an effort to make Ayumi happy, Fuu-chan swallows up everything that Ayumi dislikes, creating chaos in school and throughout the city!  To help bring across Ayumi's true feelings to Fuu-chan, all 28 Pretty Cures were gathered once more. When everyone's power comes together, a miraculous light starts to shine.  Zurich is a musical roadmovie about Nina, who discovers after the death of her great love, truckdriver Boris, he led a double life. Struggling with her feelings she comes to an almost unforgivable deed, and flees. She submerges into the truckers scene - not capable to express herself, except by singing. A documentary film following the folk tradition of Sacred Harp singing, a type of shape-note singing, kept alive by amateur singers in the rural American South. A small group of Catholics led by an ailing priest believe that Satan intends to become man, just as God did in the person of Jesus. The writings of a possessed mental patient lead them to Peter Kelson, a writer who studies serial killers. They think it's his body Satan will occupy. The youngest in the group, a teacher named Maya Larkin, goes to Peter to investigate further and to convince him to believe in the possibility of Evil incarnate. Other signs come to him as he and Maya them take a journey full of strange occurrences, self-discovery, and an ultimate showdown The movie is about a group of 'floaters' in Beijing ?people who live and work in Beijing but are not native residents. It is rare for a Beijing floater to have a fixed home, as they move from place to place according to their job requirements. Many Beijing floaters do not feel a sense of belonging. The movie tells the story of Yu Xiaobao, a floater who is trying to hide the reality of his struggling life from his daughter who still lives in their hometown. As a result, he tells her that he has become a film director. When his daughter suddenly decides to visit him, he enlists the help of his other floater friends to put on a show so that she does not find out the truth. A serial killer is terrorizing a small college town. When a student begins to have psychic visions of the killer with clues as to who he is, he gives this information to the police - only to find that he himself is suspected of committing the murders.  A young man navigates the bureaucracy of the Catholic Church when he tries to renounce his faith. Popular South American bands Marama and Rombai share footage of behind-the-scenes antics and discuss their sudden rise to stardom. Members of the school's marching band are having their final rehearsal. They have to spend the night at the school, and a gang of mischievous students get together to tell ghost stories passed down through generations the horrifying "legends" of their schools.  A long lucky streak makes a nice guy the target of opportunists like his brother, his girlfriend, and some guys from New Jersey.  Troubled psychotherapist Peter Bowers is suffering from nightmares and eerie visions. When he uncovers a horrifying secret that all of his patients share, he is put on a course that takes him back to the small hometown he fled years ago. There he confronts his demons and unravels a mystery 20 years in the making.  Since the fall of the Iron Curtain an estimated four million children have found themselves living on the streets in the former countries of the Soviet Union. In the streets of Moscow alone there are over 30,000 surviving in this manner at the present time. The makers of the documentary film concentrated on a community of homeless children living hand to mouth in the Moscow train station Leningradsky. Eight-year-old Sasha, eleven-year-old Kristina, thirteen-year-old Misha and ten-year-old Andrej all dream of living in a communal home. They spend winter nights trying to stay warm by huddling together on hot water pipes and most of their days are spent begging. Andrej has found himself here because of disagreements with his family. Kristina was driven into this way of life by the hatred of her stepmother and twelve-year-old Roma by the regular beatings he received from his constantly drunk father. "When it is worst, we try to make money for food by prostitution," admits ... When novelist Paula Martin retreats to the seclusion of her family home Crows Hall she hopes to clear her mind and focus on her new book. The arrival of an assistant, Linda, should take the pressure off... but as the bodies pile up, Paula finds herself trapped in a terrifying nightmare of murder and madness. Aleksey must decide what's better for him - a regular life with his fiance Alyona or adventurous life with a famous journalist Irina. Vincent, a former air rifle champion lives a quiet life with his wife and his daughter. Despite his happy family life he ends up with economic problems. One day at the shooting range he meets the mysterious Renaud who promises him a solution to his problems by offering him an unusual job. Suddenly Vincent finds himself in a very dangerous spiral which turns out to be even harder to get out of than finding a solution to his economic problems. CIA agent Marcus is sent undercover to Detroit to take out an arms dealer and the head of the hedge fund that is financing him. His CIA backup has other plans and turns on him, and it's a fight to survive in a hospital and into the hedge fund vault. The Thai animation film, Khun Thong Daeng: The Inspirations, features episodes about three dogs --Tonglor, Temple Dog and Little Copper. In the film, the dogs are honest and loyal like Khun Thong Daeng.  The puppy Tonglor dreams of being a great bodyguard and protecting his boss like Khun Thong Daeng, so he always guards his owners -- a blind girl and her grandma -- very well.  Stray dog Jon is grateful to a monk who feeds him and looks after him. When a group of theives break into the temple, Jon risks his life to protect it.  Little Copper's story was inspired by the story of Khun Thong Daeng, who was a street puppy adopted by His Majesty the King. Set in a futuristic world, Copper is a metal robot dog built by a girl called Sanim. Because he was built from trash, Copper doesn't operate properly and is a bit goofy. However, Sanim still finds him loveable. When Evil Calls centers around the mysterious appearance of a text message that grants the students of Wilburn High School their wildest desires.  The reinvigorated elderly group that left Earth comes back to visit their relatives. Will they all decide to go back to the planet where no one grows old, or will they be tempted to remain on Earth?  Sophie is far from being the model little girl one would like her to be, unlike her friends Camille and Madeleine. She always insists on having her own way, often getting into trouble, to the despair of one and all. But her mother is unbending and otherwise inclined. She wants her daughter to enjoy the essential of a good upbringing. She will not let her get away with anything, and poor Sophie will often have to live with the consequences of her bad behavior and learn her lesson. Which is not always very easy! In the city of Minato Mirai in Yokohama, the news of Fusion's defeat by the Pretty Cures is the hottest topic in town! Girls everywhere, were in love with the Pretty Cures, are dressing up and acting as their favourite Cures. Only Sakagami Ayumi, the new transfer student, is alone by herself.  On her way home from school, Ayumi encounters a strange creature. After naming it Fuu-chan, Ayumi and the creature soon become good friends. However, Fuu-chan is actually a piece of Fusion, and holds the power of darkness. In an effort to make Ayumi happy, Fuu-chan swallows up everything that Ayumi dislikes, creating chaos in school and throughout the city!  To help bring across Ayumi's true feelings to Fuu-chan, all 28 Pretty Cures were gathered once more. When everyone's power comes together, a miraculous light starts to shine.  "Eternal Summer" is a road movie full of dreams, love, missteps and lawlessness. When Isak and Em meet one night in Stockholm they're finally in the right place, suddenly there is nothing else. Together, they leave everything and embarks on a roadtrip through the northern forests of Sweden. But what begins as a crazy adventure soon turns into a dangerous game. Eventually they reach a point when there is no turning back. A dead man who felt from the sky is turned into a saint by a village. Turns out this man used to be a victim of the Argentina's Dirty War a few years back. This documentary tracks his real story. It's been six years since that summer adventure when Taichi Yagami and the rest of the DigiDestined crossed over to the Digital World. And nearly three years have passed since the final battle between Hikari Yagami's group and BelialVamdemon. As the peaceful days passed by, at some point the gate to the Digital World closed. Not even the DigiDestined know what caused this, and time alone continues to pass. Kevin James makes his long-awaited return to stand-up in this family-friendly special, dishing on fatherhood, fans, his disdain for allergies and more. Rihito Sajo, an honor student with a perfect score on the entrance exam and Hikaru Kusakabe, in a band and popular among girls, would have never crossed paths. Until one day they started talking at the practice for their school's upcoming chorus festival. After school, the two meet regularly, as Hikaru helps Rihito to improve his singing skills. While they listen to each other's voice and harmonize, their hearts start to beat together.  A soldier introduces himself to the Peterson family, claiming to be a friend of their son who died in action. After the young man is welcomed into their home, a series of accidental deaths seem to be connected to his presence. Known for years as the golden boy of SA rugby, the world reeled in shock in April 2011 when the news broke that Joost van der Westhuizen had been diagnosed with Motor Neuron Disease (MND). The disease attacks the central nervous system, causing progressive disability. There is no known cure. THE PROGNOSIS IS DEATH.Anyone who's seen Joost in action will know that he's not one to give up without a fight. His game-changing prowess as a rugby player is now galvanised in a battle for survival and, more importantly, to make a difference to the lives of others with the disease.Despite specialist assurances that he'd be in a wheelchair in a year and not likely see his 42th birthday, Joost not only celebrated in style, but took to the skies, travelling internationally with his J9 Foundation to meet the great minds who are working to find a cure. Anthology film of six shorts by leading Korean directors. Park Chan-Wook, tackles racial prejudice and the economic exploitation of immigrant workers through the real-life story of a Nepalese woman in Korea. Jeong Jae-Eun, tackles the plight of a paedophile released into the community. Yeo Gyun-Dong, invites disabled actor Kim Moon-Joo to re-enact his most famous protest. Im Soon-Rye, goes for the engrained sexism of Korean men with superb wit and, Park Jin-Pyo, confronts the horror of children forced into oral surgery to improve their English-speaking ability. After going through a failed heist, 5 friends, apparently back to their normal lives, are involved in an opportunity to pull off another one. Directed by Niazi Mostafa.  A penniless Argentine male escort meets a solitary, lonely Belgian baker who wants to help him leave the world of prostitution, explores intimate gay relationship. Clotilde and Aude are 18. They have always been best friends, growing up together in the same small village in the South of France. Despite their differences, they have a strong and exclusive friendship. With their contrasts they attract each other, and they seem to be enough for one another. But Clotilde, looking for something else, decides to leave to study in Paris the following year, after the baccalaureate. She takes Aude along with her in this departure far from their roots. Refusing to admit that their paths are separating little by little, Clotilde and Aude persuade themselves that their friendship can survive anything. An inspection of the 9/11 news footage. With some very controversial ideas supporting a "No planes" theory. Jackie Turner is a straight-A college student, who was abused, abandoned and starved as a child. Although she has resolutely turned her life around, the holidays are still very painful for her. Facing another lonely holiday break on campus, Jackie takes an ad on Craigslist for My ONE CHRISTMAS Wish - a family for Christmas - and even offers to pay $8 an hour. To her surprise, responses flood in. Among the numerous heartfelt invitations and letters of support, she also hears from other young people struggling with the same overwhelming emptiness that comes with spending the holidays without loved ones. Moved and inspired, Jackie decides to throw a big Christmas party - with the last-minute help of her adviser, friends and support group - to find families for all those troubled folks who emailed her, and finds one for herself as well.  Out of Nature is a journey inside Martins head. A family father in his 30s living in a small town of Norway. He feels alienated in his own life and longs to get away. Away from his job, away from his family, into the woods, up to the mountains. While spending a weekend alone on a hiking trip, he is forced to confront the way he lives his life. Out of Nature is an original, funny and tender film about how to take part in your own life as a husband, father and son. In the film, we see subjects instructed to administer electric shocks of increasing severity to another person, and observe both obedient and defiant reactions. After the experiment, we witness subjects explain firsthand their actions. Obedience is as relevant today as it was at its publication. As we as a society witness suicide bombings, torture, and gang atrocities, we wonder just how far people will go. Fifty years later, this experiment still resonates as people ask themselves, "Would I pull that lethal switch?" This is the only authentic film footage of Milgram's famous experiment and is essential to all foundational work in social psychology at the graduate, undergraduate, and high school level.   Santa is allergic to cats, so he has a policy against delivering them as gifts, but little Tommy has been SO good, and all he wants is one small kitty. Santa says OK, but instead of one, the whole litter climbs into the sack. When Santa has a major allergic reaction, the kittens have to take over and deliver the presents on time.  Lis is a teenager whose dream is to become a circus artist and leave her hometown, even if she knows that to do it she'll have to fight her side against her parents. It's summer and she spends her days playing with her friends and flirting with her boyfriend, a few years older than herself. The lack of privacy and the neighbours' gossip force Lis to keep their relationship secret so that her parents won't find out. A relationship which change her live forever. The ever versatile Kazuki Kitamura stars as masterless samurai Kyutaro Madarame, a feared swordsman who has fallen on hard times in old Edo. Caught between two warring gangs in an epic battle of cat lovers and dog lovers, he begrudgingly accepts the canine faction's offer to assassinate the opposite leader's beloved pet: an adorable white cat. Yet upon raising his lethal sword, he cannot bring himself to go through with the act, and the cat melts his ronin heart. But before finding peace as a newly minted cat person, the still fearsome Madarame will have to take on both gangs in a classic samurai street brawl. A woman, nearly forty, once a famous model is now a successful designer and businesswoman feels abandoned by her husband, a lover of youth. The fate tends a trap, the sudden appearance of her husband's son from a previous marriage, entangled in desire and love will make them discover their hidden truths. A feature-length distribution documentary about Filip Topol, composer, lyricist, pianist, singer and fighter of the group Psi vojaci, whose work has struck three generations. Brave Rabbit 2 Crazy Circus (Chinese: Chuang Tang Tu 2Feng Kuang Ma Xi Tuan ) is a 2015 Chinese animated children's adventure comedy film directed by Zeng Xianlin. It was released on January 1.[1] Under the influence of signs and premonitions, a man allows himself to veer in and out of a love affair with his colleague. Sergio and Dani are immersed in an investigation that seems to go nowhere. They spend their time talking and trying to find a balance between their jobs and a boring existence. But then, the adventure of their lives suddenly appears. A marriage scheme backfires on a group of friends, involving them in a world of money laundering and murder.   Leonardo da Vinci finds it difficult to pursue his own dreams while serving as the Duke's court artist, but young Roberto takes risks to convince the Master not to give up on his dreams. In this moving story of friendship, the Renaissance genius invents a flying machine and helps Roberto reach new heights.   Turkish comedy directed by Murat Senoy. It's 1942, somewhere in the Pacific: Deadly ambushes by entrenched Japanese in the thick jungles take a heavy toll on American troops. Marine commanders were willing to try anything, including using dogs to sniff out the hidden enemy. But even with their superior senses, nobody anticipated just how effective they would be. The trajectory of Branca, a 3 years old Brazilian, and Marcos. They never met in life before seeing themselves on screen. Branca travels to Cuba, her father homeland, in the anniversary of the revolution. The Shadow Behind You 2015 movie Takes the viewer into a heated contest for a unique prize. In one corner, the undisputed champion: Music; in the other: the musicians. Ricardo, Catherine, Byron, Rodrigo and Rodney - all talented young musicians - vie for a place in a symphony orchestra in Belo Horizonte, Sao Paulo and Rio de Janeiro. The film reveals the conflict, passion and discipline that the artistic impulse demands. Caracas has been changing since the nineteenth century this is a story that tries to explain why the Venezuelan capital is complex, chaotic and fertile. In light of these new evidences, community experiments, social awareness and organization of people, seem to be the necessary ingredients to rescue a metropolis that is not yet completely lost. Impressive family film offers a unique stories of the wonderful animals who inhabit the Aldabra atoll, were born here, create communities, give birth to young and struggle for their survival. Bilembambudin is the story of Aldana, an eight years old girl. Running away from the opera, Aldana follows Jeremias, an old wizard who guides her to the magic kingdom. A seemingly chance encounter with an estranged childhood friend draws a bookstore clerk into a plot to steal a time machine. Lynn Zapatek, a chambermaid in a large hotel, has a deathly fear of human interaction yet she craves intimacy. A chance encounter prompts her to emerge from her cocoon. Oscar nominated short film from 1972 A wonderful time travel exploring. The Kingdom of Goguryeo. Oh! Goguryeo!, Oh! Balhae! A travel to find the warmth of ancient history with Do-Ohl Kim-Yong-Ok, A representative philosopher of our modern age! We couldn't help but crying when we saw the towering Heul-Seung-Gohl-Seong, the first seat of government of Ju-Mong, through out the celadon-colored sunrise... From the top of the Mt. Baek-Du to Manchuria, The Scent of Goguryeo and Balhae that has been scattered all over the wild field wake our hearts up from a long, deep sleep! Seventeen-year-old Stella spends most of her time in the hospital as a cystic fibrosis patient. Her life is full of routines, boundaries and self-control -- all of which get put to the test when she meets Will, an impossibly charming teen who has the same illness. There's an instant flirtation, though restrictions dictate that they must maintain a safe distance between them. As their connection intensifies, so does the temptation to throw the rules out the window and embrace that attraction. By chance, a man and a woman meet on the KTX train and spend 24 hours in the unfamiliar city of Busan, South Korea. A couple who have known each other since 8 are destined to be together until death do them apart. Bo, a police detective whose life falls apart after being dumped by her boyfriend, is sent to a model agency to investigate a murder case as an undercover. Antonio, a representative of medical supplies with no success, finds a brilliant way to present himself to the costumers and improve his sales: the special tiramisu (an italian dessert) made by his beautiful wife Aurora. Johnny and Peter, former paramilitary operatives, search Bangkok - leaving carnage in their wake - to find the men who killed Johnny's daughter, Angel. Students from the Prague Conservatory leave for a workshop in the picturesque South Bohemian countryside, where they are placed before a demanding task, from which only some of them will emerge successful and they will then continue in their dream to be famous. Each of them will find their true path to happiness.  The Flemish harmony Sint-Cecilia from Staaikerke and the Walloon harmony En Avant are both selected for the big European finale. The Walloon En Avant comes up with the great trumpeter Hugues. Hugues is so amazing during his solo that Willy, from the Flemish Sint-Cecilia, has to give everything he has, the highest note, the lowest note, the last note... Willy falls dead on stage. Surprising everyone, both harmonies get selected for the finale. But what will the Flemish do without their best player? Elke, the daughter of conductor Jozef, has an idea. A transfer! What works easily on a football field seems to be more difficult in the music world. The young, handsome Hugues generates a lot of emotions in the quiet village of Staaikerke. His transfer drives the conflict between En Avant and Sint-Cecilia on. The late 19th century war between Chile and Peru rages on. The battle has now moved to Arica and Tacna.  Terrence McDonagh, a New Orleans Police sergeant, who starts out as a good cop, receiving a medal and a promotion to lieutenant for heroism during Hurricane Katrina. During his heroic act, McDonagh injures his back and later becomes addicted to prescription pain medication. McDonagh finds himself involved with a drug dealer who is suspected of murdering a family of African immigrants.    The story follows a team of highly trained operatives who find themselves trapped inside an isolated military compound. A science fiction take on the classic folk character Ivan the fool/idiot. Multiple coincidences and a chance meeting bring together Alice and Jack, two strangers from very different family backgrounds, for an unexpected Christmastime courtship filled with personal revelations, misread signals, and a very real health scare that will either destroy or strengthen the budding romance.  YUGO, KRATKA AUTOBIOGRAFIJA is a half-hour fictional documentary film that, through the fates of different people, tries to illuminate the phenomenon of the YUGO car, a cute outsider of small capacities but big ambitions, in the period between 1980 and 2008, when it was manufactured. The film combines statements from authentic workers that were involved in the production of Yugo, archives, along with the reconstruction of different fragments from the Yugo's history which portray him both as a family and a thug's car, as a part of the great American Dream, or as a symbol of betrayed expectations. This film is a small 'commemorative' review of the history of an automobile that for a long time symbolised, in a jocular and veritable way, sometimes even by accident, the times in which he was manufactured. An ignorant couple from Naples is forced by a mobster to accept a luxury cruise as the prize for a bet.  fy ljz lthny mn lfylm lmSry "`mr wslm~", yTl `lyn lthny'y, tmr Hsny wmy `zldyn, lyksr lSwr@ lnmTy@ `n nhyt qSS lHb. dh nr~ fy l`ml lsynmy'y ljdyd, stmrry@ lqS@ lHb lqdym@ byn zyr lns, `mr, wlft@ lqwy@, slm~, wltHwl ldhy yTr' `l~ `shqhm lb`Dhm lb`D b`d lzwj, fy Tr mkthf mn lmwqf lmDHk@. wtbd' 'Hdth lfylm bnjb slm~ lTfltyn, mm yqlq `mr, 'n y'ty lywm ldhy yshhd fyh bnth whn msthdft mn shbb msthtr wmkhd` mthlh qbyl zwjh, fy lwqt ldhy tHwl fyh zwjth qn`h bmGdr@ shqthm wl`ysh fy `mr@ jdyd@, khwf mn 'n ybd' bSTyd lns km hy `dth. wb`d ldhhb l~ lshq@ ljdyd@, tr~ slm~ 'n khTTh qd fshlt, dh tbyn 'n hnk syd@ jmyl@ qd `dt mn lhjr@, jyjy (mysr@), mm ythyr mkhwfh mn jdyd, bynm tHwl Hd~ zmylt `mr blmktb, krm@, STydh, fydh`n nw` m `br lkhyn@ l`Tfy@ wlys ljnsy@ lzwjth.  Nathan Algren is an American hired to instruct the Japanese army in the ways of modern warfare, which finds him learning to respect the samurai and the honorable principles that rule them. Pressed to destroy the samurai's way of life in the name of modernization and open trade, Algren decides to become an ultimate warrior himself and to fight for their right to exist.  Rachel, a rookie cop, is about to begin her first night shift in a neglected police station in a Scottish, backwater town. The kind of place where the tide has gone out and stranded a motley bunch of the aimless, the forgotten, the bitter-and-twisted who all think that, really, they deserve to be somewhere else. They all think they're there by accident and that, with a little luck, life is going to get better. Wrong, on both counts. Six is about to arrive - and All Hell Will Break Loose! An affectionate and humorous portrayal of the relationship between a woman and her dog. As the dog explores the world and meets other dogs on their many walks together, the film shakes and mirrors the excitement and chaos of a dog's life. Many of these scenes are repeated and reprinted, lending a distinct rhythm of image and color to the edit. At other times, the focus falls on intimate moments shared between the dog and the woman, with emphasis on touch and comfort. The film concludes with the dog giving birth to a litter of puppies and her own subsequent relationship to her offspring. Exact date of production is unknown. Run for Love is a Chinese romance anthology film featuring five love stories respectively in Japan, United States, Norway, Turkey and Saipan. Thirty-year-old Hlynur still lives with his mother and spends his days drinking, watching porn and surfing the net while living off unemployment checks. A girl is interested in him, but he stands back from commitment. His mother's Spanish flamenco teacher, Lola, moves in with them for Christmas. On New Year's Eve, while his mother is away, Hlynur finds out Lola is a lesbian, but also ends up having sex with her. He soon finds out he and his mother are sharing more than a house. Eventually he must find out where he fits into the puzzle, and how to live life less selfishly. Anarchic, feisty but growing old, high society drop-out Judy Haussman remains in spirit with the Ashrams of the 1960s while holding court in her dilapidated Art Deco house on the Devon coast. After an operation, she's joined by wayward offspring Nick and Libby, sharp-eyed granddaughter Summer, local doctor Peter, and Daniel, a troubled teenager who makes use of the family's crumbling swimming pool. Together they share a few sweltering months in this chaotic world of all-day drinking, infatuations, long-held resentments, free love and failure. Following the dealings of a Melbourne-based hitman Ray as seen through the eyes of his ex-neighbour and friend Max, an Italian film student. Max and his camera witness Ray's work life as it unfolds from day to day, giving an insight into a world we rarely see, and at the same time developing an unusual friendship with his subject. Eugene is a small town barber, beloved by the local community, but hiding a deadly secret. John is hunting for a serial killer not to expose him but to learn the business! They form a twisted bond and turn the town upside down as Eugene teaches John to kill. This documentary shines a light on the unsung life stories of restorers of cultural relics working inside the Forbidden City, together with the history of the antiques and the palace, the procedures of restoration and the development of cultural protection. The film asks the question would have been triple love. Ferhat and Zeynep is a happily married couple. Karlidag outside of marriage appears happy couple, the first love of life remained in the years ahead will be turned upside down with the introduction of the Euphrates Nazligul again. Zeynep even a night encounter with the former love of her husband Nazligul powdery mildew that can not bear to be separated , and that is the love in his heart can not prevent the re-ignition. We'll Never Have Paris is a clumsy and at once human account of screwing up on a transcontinental level in a noble effort to win back "the one." In time of war, a man must survive to make a journey to fulfill a promise made and discover the truth. After a terrible battle, a man sees his great friend perish, leaving him one request - that he visit the king, father of the deceased, to give him the news of his death. Tied promise on his deathbed friend, the warrior part for the meeting with the monarch, an old man and convalescent, who lost his only heir. The king demands that the warrior's serve, but the man is tired of war and want a place to live in peace. When the warrior goes in search of tranquility, his path crosses that of a beautiful young woman, chased by soldiers. He saves her and discovers she is a witch. With the Inquisition coming to the kingdom and a new love in his chest, the warrior must regain their weapons to prevent more blood from the people he loves spill. A couple's verbal sparring intensifies with shoving, punching and wrestling, escalating to the point where their frequent fighting sessions become real love battles... The World We Live In and Live in Hamburg is the first video release by Depeche Mode, featuring almost an entire concert from their 1984 Some Great Reward Tour, in Hamburg, Germany on December 14, 1984. It was directed by Clive Richardson. The name is a play on a lyric of the song "Somebody" (She will listen to me, when I want to speak about the world we live in and life in general...). The story of a struggling fisherman and a blind lady trying to save their village. A family, Mateo, Monica and eight year old Sofia, move into a house on the outskirts of Lima. From the first night, the girl is haunted by a terrifying being. These harassments become every time more violent and disturbing, and soon enough will require the presence of a priest, who will try to help without imagining the consequences. When Tora-san's infatuation with his nephew's school teacher causes family turmoil, he leaves on his travels again. When he returns, he falls in love with the teacher's mother.  An adaptation of the 2010 Chinese video game, Roco Kingdom. After serving time for murder, Josh Hutton returns to his home town where he meets Audry Hugo. No one can remember exactly what Josh did... December 1999, France is experiencing one of the biggest storms in its history. Like many others, Julia and her husband Christopher will pay the price. The couple left New York to spend the Christmas holidays with friends in France. On their way, a fallen tree trunk on the road causes an accident. Christopher is hurt. Julia, in evening dress, must find help. But the place is deserted. After several hours of walking, she will finally cross the road of Thomas, a lonely farmer. While everything is against them, they will have to team up to rescue Christopher ... The characters we met a little more than a decade ago return to East Great Falls for their high-school reunion. In one long-overdue weekend, they will discover what has changed, who hasn't, and that time and distance can't break the bonds of friendship. After finding out that his girlfriend cheated on him in his Star Wars bedsheets, Nico decides to reencounter with his true love: Cinema. For this, he reunites his former university friends in order to shoot a low budget short film. Together, Nico and his friends go through wacky situations, between reality and fiction, which makes them question their friendships as well as their lives. World-renowned tenor Jose Carreras shares the stage of the Greek Theatre in Taormina, Italy, with soprano Rossana Potenza and the Teatro Vittorio Emanuele Orchestra in this 2001 gala concert conducted by David Gimenez. The outstanding evening program -- staged by Enrico Castiglione -- includes an assortment of arias and duets from some of the most beloved operas and composers in the world. Is the new film by Yuthlert Sippapak after a couple of years in hiatus. This is the latest in the Buppa series, a well-known horror film that began with Buppa Ratree in 2003. Mixing ghost stories with comedy and even feminism, the film focuses on the story of Buppa, a woman who commits suicide in her apartment after she's betrayed by her lover. She then becomes a vengeful spirit that haunts people in the apartment. From the creators of the smash hit JUNGLE MASTER comes a new animated comedy for the whole family! When a spaceship crashes into the farm house, the biggest characters in the barnyard set out on the adventure of a lifetime. Based on Shakespeare's play, Verdi's opera depicts the devastating effects of jealousy, "...the green-eyed monster which doth mock the meat it feeds upon". Believing Otello has promoted the fast-rising Cassio over himself, Iago plots to destroy both Cassio and Otello. Iago convinces the jealous Otello that his beautiful wife Desdemona is unfaithful, and that Cassio is her lover. Jealousy is followed by tragedy, then retribution, "Has Heaven no more thunderbolts?" After the re-emergence of the world's first mutant, world-destroyer Apocalypse, the X-Men must unite to defeat his extinction level plan. A detective tries to track down a masked killer who reappears every Halloween to wreak bloody havoc. "Based on Fuyumi Ono's best-selling books, these 10 tales of spookiness by six Japanese horror directors are designed to chill viewers to the bone." - Netflix Stockholm My Love is a city symphony, a love letter to Stockholm, the fiction debut of director Mark Cousins and the acting debut of musician Neneh Cherry. It follows one woman's footsteps through the streets of her native city, on a journey of recovery from a bad thing that happened to her exactly one year before. It's an exploration of grief, identity and the power of architecture and urbanism to shape lives, and a celebration of the power of walking and looking to make us all feel just a little bit better. With new music by Neneh Cherry, old music by Benny Andersson (of ABBA) and Franz Berwald, and images by Christopher Doyle and Mark Cousins.     A film by David Perlov This production is a light hearted comedy. The protagonist is an esteemed cartoonist that works at a news firm. The protagonist undergoes a difficult situation and emerges partly wounded. Following this experience he insists on going back to work but something about him has changed - he lets go of some of his upstanding principles to become "respectable less one quarter" The film tells the story of a beautiful writer named Liu Xiaolan who after hitting rock bottom decides to move in an old house where she meet many eccentric neighbors and strange events.  Rene Cardona directs the film version of Jose Leon Sanchez's best-selling novel, which relates the author's 20 years of imprisonment on an island ruled by brutality. When a sadistic man declares himself the boss of an island pueblo, an innocent husband and wife become the victims of his selfish rule. Once the evil man's deeds reach the authorities on the mainland, however, he sinks further into madness and declares "his" island its own republic. Warren Miller Entertainment's 66th snow sports film, Chasing Shadows. Watch JT Holmes, Seth Wescott, Caroline Gleich, Steven Nyman, Marcus Caston and more as they pursue turns on the mountains of our dreams: Chamonix, Alaska's Chugach, the Chilean Andes, Utah's Wasatch and the mightiest range of them all: the Himalaya. These athletes are masters in their element, and with every cliff drop, perfect line and neck-deep powder turn, they motivate us. Warren Miller once said, "A pair of skis are the ultimate transportation to freedom," and this year, we're chasing storms, snow, lines that live on the world's highest peaks, and the freedom that these things grant us.  Ten letters are sent from a man in Myanmar to a women in Thailand who loves and misses so much. But the letters are left unopened for 50 years. Until one day, the women's granddaughter is given those letters and asked to go and read every letter only from where they were written. This is how the impressive love story begins. Nam, 22, fled to Saigon for a murder. In one accident, Nam reached the sights of Huy, 25, a mysterious character completely unknown. Knowing Nam need money to survive, so Huy promised Nam that he will pay 200 million in exchange for he can own Nam for 20 hours. And Nam has to do everything except things that are illegal. Nam were secretly sent back to the mysterious mansion of Huy, and from here Nam has to face the dangerous game and this guy's craziness. In this house, Nam is not alone like Huy told him before, but also with one young girl was stabbed to death and 1 grave. And when Nam want to escape the ghost house, only to discover Huy also stabbed to death. The killer is somewhere in the house? Who is she? Huy's relationship with the girl like? Can Nam safely escape with 200 million or not? 15-year old Klemen lives with his elder brother Peter and single mother in a small and remote rural town. Klemen's well-established routine of spending time with his beloved brother on the tennis court and by the nearby river gets interrupted by Peter's sudden and passionate love affair with his gorgeous classmate Sonja. This triggers a torrent of conflicting emotions and reckless actions by Klemen.  --Slovenian Film Centre  An accountant, who never quite grew out of his awkward teenage years, finds himself with a dating coach - she happens to be his high school crush as well. Thanks to his coach, he gets a pretty woman he has his sights on for some time, but realizes they are incompatible. Meanwhile, his dating lessons with his teenage crush reawaken old feelings. Not realizing the feelings are mutual, he finds himself unable to act on them due to his fear of being rejected by the one he truly loves. Four lives intersect along the Ganges: a low caste boy in hopeless love, a daughter ridden with guilt of a sexual encounter ending in a tragedy, a hapless father with fading morality, and a spirited child yearning for a family, long to escape the moral constructs of a small-town. In 1987, during the austere days of Thatcher's Britain, a teenager learns to live life, understand his family, and find his own voice through the music of Bruce Springsteen.  13 year old kind-hearted Sonja arrives at a tiny village together with a company of bandits. But there is a curse on the village. A long time ago, the King's only daughter Goldhair disappeared while searching for the Christmas Star. The Queen died of a broken heart, leaving the shattered King all on his own. From that day on, the King cursed the Christmas Star, thereby causing darkness and grief to descend upon the land. However, an old sage has revealed that Goldhair is still alive, and will return only if the King finds the way back to the Christmas Star. Ever since, the King has been searching for the Christmas Star every Christmas, but all in vain. An unconventional undercover Chicago cop and his partner are recruited to commit the murder of a New Orleans criminal kingpin. Up until the middle of the 19Th century, poverty stricken mountain farmers from the Ticino area of Switzerland frequently sold their children to Milan as chimney sweeps or spazzacamini. That is also young Giorgios fate. He is forced to climb through pitch black chimneys, flinging down the soot with his bare hands. But he does not lose heart. Together with his buddies sharing in the same misery, he establishes the association of Black Brothers. They stick together, struggling against their penury and getting involved in fights with the street gangs of Milan. The film tells of the gripping adventures of the chimney sweep boys and their spectacular escape back to their native land. A strong-willed young woman hires a student to impersonate a boorish French count and brings him home to meet her parents. Big Red Fire Engines It's four-alarm fun learning about engines, ladders, and much more as you find out what it's like to be on that big red truck, rushing out to fight a fire on an exciting, fun-filled video trip with real firefighters. Watch in awe as they use a tower ladder and bucket to battle a blaze, find out how to work the truck's controls, hook a hydrant up to a pumper, and even spend some time with the firehouse mascot, Spot! Construction Hop in the driver's seat and take a magic ride with Hard Hat Harry?, the construction genie, as he shows you the "biggest, baddest, most awesome construction equipment in the whole wide world" : bulldozers, excavators, clam diggers, forklifts, compacters, pile drivers, trackhoe buckets, barrier movers, and an off-road dump truck that's so heavy it would crack a road in two just by driving over it! Everyone has a skeleton or two in his or her closet, but what about the director behind some of the most successful thrillers ever to hit the silver screen? Could M. Night Shyamalan be hiding a deep, dark secret that drives his macabre cinematic vision? Now viewers will be able to find out firsthand what fuels The Sixth Sense director's seemingly supernatural creativity as filmmakers interview Shyamalan as well as the cast and crew members who have worked most closely with him over the years. Discover the early events that shaped the mind of a future master of suspense in a documentary that is as fascinating as it is revealing.   A seemingly innocent man is abducted by a notorious L.A. serial killer, who forces his victims to switch roles with him so that he can enact his own capture, torture and murder. Surviving the plane crash was only the beginning ... After their plane crashes into uncharted territory in the Himalayas, the survivors set out to find help in the freezing cold. As the days pass and with no sign of a rescue, tensions begin to mount. The survivors wrestle with their consciences as they realise that in order to survive, they must use the bodies of the dead as food. But when it appears that something else is already feeding upon the dead, the survivors realise that their biggest danger is not hunger but something infinitely more sinister: a legendary Yeti is stalking them and is moving in for the kill. Can they outsmart the beast or will they die trying?   The owners of a small diner are surprised one rainy evening when, just after close, a young woman wearing a wedding dress with three dogs in tow begs to come into their restaurant. What follows is the young woman's retelling of how she arrived at this curious junction in her life and how, through the search for the right man, she ended up as a runaway bride with three new dogs. After an old soldier named Miguel de Cervantes (1547-1616) wrote the adventures of Don Quixote and Sancho Panza, the knight and his squire have become very popular. When he learns that the Turkish comes along the Mediterranean coast with a powerful army, Don Quixote will undertake, again opposed by his niece and his housekeeper, a new adventure that begins in La Mancha and ends on the coast. Derya and Hakan are best friends. Derya is the one who makes soup when Hakan is ill and Hakan is there whenever Derya needs him.  They are so deeply involved in eachother's lives that they even have the keys to the other's apartment. They don't have any secrets between each other. They both think that in today's world, people do not feel the love that our grandparents and even parents do. They think that couples consume each other. And therefore, everyone they meet seem shallow to them. Rose Ricard has a gift, she can see into your soul. She can discern the truth from a lie and sometimes, she can perceive the very thoughts before they are formed in your mind. She uses these gifts to solve unsolved cases and bring closure where there is none. Her most recent case, unwittingly opens the doors to her own past and that of her new partner Grant Summit. Alice Howland, happily married with three grown children, is a renowned linguistics professor who starts to forget words. When she receives a devastating diagnosis, Alice and her family find their bonds tested.  A philosophical burlesque, Human Nature follows the ups and downs of an obsessive scientist, a female naturalist, and the man they discover, born and raised in the wild. As scientist Nathan trains the wild man, Puff, in the ways of the world - starting with table manners - Nathan's lover Lila fights to preserve the man's simian past, which represents a freedom enviable to most. A story of love and life among the landed English gentry during the Georgian era. Mr. Bennet is a gentleman living in Hertfordshire with his overbearing wife and five daughters, but if he dies their house will be inherited by a distant cousin whom they have never met, so the family's future happiness and security is dependent on the daughters making good marriages. Japanese school girls die violently after seeing a man wearing a black hood. An independent career woman who wants a family without a husband and a man who has no interest in a family of his own, one day go through something unexpected and become a family... When Shaun decides to take the day off and have some fun, he gets a little more action than he bargained for. A mix up with the Farmer, a caravan and a very steep hill lead them all to the Big City and it's up to Shaun and the flock to return everyone safely to the green grass of home. After the death of her father, the viceroy of a small Caribean island, the beautiful young Isabella is in a big danger. The crafty duke of Burt wants to grab the power on the isle so he decides to eliminate her. Fortunately then comes a group of pirates stranded after a shipwreck. Their leader is the brave and bold Alan Drake. The pirates are hired to protect Isabella and the adventure begins.  Documentary about the Spanish Civil War. Akim, young Muslim will become imam sees his upset when he is touched by the love of Christ ... In a family chaos that opposes his brother identity Akim attempt to be accepted by his family. The NPS (National Police Safety Rescue), whose purpose is to catch extreme criminals alive, becomes the center of attention. A sit-in demonstration takes place. Members of the NPS, including Ichigo Kamikura (Osamu Mukai) go to the protest site. Meanwhile, a transport ship is hijacked in the Pacific Ocean. Donizetti's bubbly romantic comedy about a spunky landowner, a hapless peasant, and the dubious love potion that may or may not bring them together never fails to delight audiences. In this performance from the Met's Live in HD series, South African soprano Pretty Yende stars as Adina, imbuing her character with lovable warmth while tossing off effortless coloratura passages from beginning to end. Tenor Matthew Polenzani is Nemorino, Adina's love-struck admirer, who pours out his heart in the moving aria "Una furtiva lagrima." The cast also includes baritone Davide Luciano as the swaggering Sergeant Belcore and Ildebrando D'Arcangelo as the wily Dr. Dulcamara, and Domingo Hindoyan conducts Bartlett's Sher's charming and colorful production. A fan of Zapato 3 captures the reunion tour of the most legendary rock band of Venezuela from the unique look of someone who grew up with his songs. Wang Jing (Zhu Xuan ornaments) is a private hospital, senior ophthalmologist, since her husband died in a car accident, her daughter is also blind, hospital series of bizarre murders caused by chopsticks in Jing Xian working cruel succession occurs at this time, Wang Jing abnormal behavior has become weird. Op een dag vindt een kleine jongen een pinguin op zijn stoep. De jongen weet niet goed wat aan te vangen met het verdwaalde diertje. Omdat niemand hem lijkt te missen besluit hij de pinguin dan maar met zijn roeiboot terug te brengen naar de Zuidpool. De reis belooft een beproeving te worden. De film wordt voorafgegaan door 4 andere verhaaltjes: "The Light" (Yuta Sukegawa, Japan); "Der Grosse Bruder" (Jesus Perez &amp; Elisabeth Hutterman, Zwitserland, Duitsland); "Much Better Now" (Salon Alip, Oostenrijk); "Bottle" (Kirsten Lepore, USA). In a city where streets are overrun by drug dealers, those who have sworn to uphold the law are breaking it to better suit their own needs. Naresh K plays a detective (Sleaze), a veteran officer whose methods of enforcing the law are questionable, if not corrupt. 'PSEUDO' follows Sleaze as he takes the law in his own hands and co-ordinates a series of raids with his gang of friends. Ethical dilemmas arise when things go wrong and friends turn on each other as a game of cat and mouse ensues A dinner party goes horribly wrong. Karl Kinsky, an unbalanced tattoo artist, becomes obsessed with Maddy, a model he meets when he is hired to body-paint several women for a photo shoot, making the women look like they have large tattoos. As Kinsky grows more obsessed with Maddy, he becomes increasingly determined that Maddy should bear his "mark" -- forever. A romantic comedy that is set during the recent flood crisis in Thailand.  A group of men are waiting at the fringes of a coastal woodland for the journey to Europe, in limbo between time and place. A film is shot there with the men playing themselves. Fiction and documentary constantly intertwine. Myths from the colonial past collide with dreams of a better future in the former oppressor's country. Christmas crazy comedy. Fifth story of successful series of Kamenak movies. Funny and crazy, following mayor of Kamenakov Pepan, who doesn't have quiet advent this year. It seems that he won't be able to make Kamenakov famous, because Czech government won't allow him to build ski jumping grounds on Rip mountain. Even-thought he spoke directly to president about his idea. Before the happy end this year, there is still many funny things to happen first. Four divers are stuck deep underwater in a vessel after a freak storm destroys their ship. Will they survive?  Idiots Taylor Dupp and Murphy Wegg flee their humdrum existence in Dayton, Ohio for the glamour of Hollywood. Murphy turns his complete lack of talent into a career as a television producer ("The Pac-Man Show"), while Taylor is unjustly accused of murder. A young boy named Nicholas is about to become the next Santa Claus, but must first avoid a crisis that's threatening the magic of Christmas before he can succeed in his new role. An unlikely romance brews between a tough-acting thug with a tender heart, and a recently single, IT consultant neighbor, in this lighthearted and wacky twist of a romantic comedy.  Four "It-girls" celebrate the 5th of December on the countryside and meet a gruesome figure.  Brave and sexy and hot Hallyu idols are coming!  Ryoko the AV movie goddess is getting tired of AV movies. She feels somethings wrong when she hears that her next movie is taking place in Seoul, Korea where Hallyu is centralized. She goes through trouble starting from the Incheon Airport with depthless production fees and unexperienced staff. Then she meets idol wannabe Yuna.  Ryoko lies to her that she is a popular Japanese idol actress and takes her to the AV movie set. The AV movie director is interested in the new face and casts her right away in a new AV movie. Will they be able to make this new AV movie? In the wilderness of British Columbia, two hunters are tracked and viciously murdered by Aaron Hallum. A former Special Operations instructor is approached and asked to apprehend Hallum--his former student--who has 'gone rogue' after suffering severe battle stress from his time in Kosovo. When a family visits Grandma's house on Christmas Eve, they leave their dog at home alone. And when burglars try to take the presents from under the tree, the dog must use every trick it knows to stop them. A clumsy young many falls in love with a beautiful girl. Realizing she's out of his league, he calls on the help of a love guru. "Dampak" tells the story of five brothers, who are raised by a martial arts master in the village who teaches them his skills so that when they are older, they will be able to help him seek revenge on his archenemy who resides in the city. The time soon comes, and the five brothers travel to the city, but are they truly prepared for what's about to come? A passionate marine biologist and a young woman travel together in Brazil, looking for the world's smartest animals: dolphins. On their journey they discover their actions are all portraits of animal behavior. An 11-year-old girl watches her father come down with a crippling depression. Over one summer, she learns answers to several mysteries and comes to terms with love and loss. With the participation of two box-office king is Hoai Linh and Taihe, Ma Dai are many spectators expected right from when he was done. The film also marks the first time Hoang Duy Duc Thinh and try as film director. The film revolves around two main characters are the Lam (Ngan Khanh) and Tho (Duc Thinh). Both do not have in common but ironic fate binds them together. Lam is a lady successful career, happy living next guy named sweetheart shape Vinh (Vietnam Dung Ha). One day, her perfect life suddenly been muddled since the arrival of the Dalai Lama, a strange ghost. When alive, the Dalai Lama was a poor boy, bad boy. To get rid of the ghost, Lam must help him complete the unfinished wishes, thereby leading to many situations cry smile. Like many other films of cinema Vietnam, humor is an indispensable element in Ma Dai. The episode comedy focused at the beginning of the film, while the second half is the time the characters resolve the conflict. In this Dickens adaptation, orphan Pip discovers through lawyer Mr. Jaggers that a mysterious benefactor wishes to ensure that he becomes a gentleman. Reunited with his childhood patron, Miss Havisham, and his first love, the beautiful but emotionally cold Estella, he discovers that the elderly spinster has gone mad from having been left at the altar as a young woman, and has made her charge into a warped, unfeeling heartbreaker. Hubert is a shy and introverted graphic designer who hasn't been too successful when approaching women. When he falls in love with Hanna, he tries to impress her by resorting to mimicking his boss, a notorious womanizer. This tactic works as an ice-breaker, but soon things get out of control, with unforeseen consequences. After Scott has a fight with his father and runs away and when his father refuses to go after him. His mother, Collette, then goes to one of her former boyfriends, Jack, a lawyer, and tells him that he's her son's real father. Jack initially refuses. So she goes to another boyfriend, Dale, who goes off looking for Scott. Eventually the two men meet and realize that they are looking for the same boy and that Collette told them they are the boy's father. What follows is a mad chase, cause the boy doesn't want to go back. A cop turns vigilante after his family is murdered, exacting vengeance on the killers - and then on all criminals who have slipped through the system. A young person gets hired to kill someone completely unknown, by someone equally unknown. Or is that true? Nothing is what it seems. Four friends break into an abandoned insane asylum in search of a death certificate which will grant one of them a large inheritance. However, finding it soon becomes the least of their worries in a place haunted by dark memories. Two couples and two singles are confused by their enotions to each other. Many years ago, on a faraway island, there lived a Sun Duck who protected his flock from evil powers. The Sun Duck had his loyal guardians who made sure the Sun evenly spread its energy on their flourishing land. The bliss continued until an Evil Witch learned of the Sun Duck's superpowers. She seized the guardians and stole the Sun Duck away for the only sake every living woman would understand: eternal youth and mesmerizing beauty.  Today, nobody believes in old legends. Mandarin ducks peacefully reside on their island and abide by the law that prescribes "no flying on the island" and "never leave the island". The Emperor is the only one who knows that the legend is true and that the next generation Sun Duck has been born. He keeps it in strict secrecy, but the Witch also knows that the legend is true and she is coming back for her next victim. In Jeju Province, located off the southern coast of Korea, are the women of the sea, those who hold breath for life. These women still exist and they still dive the old way, without tanks. They go into the waters of 10- to 20-meter depth to harvest seaweed and shellfish to make a living. They make a living in the same sea, but each haenyeo's sea of life is different. The community is divided into three tiers- Group A, B and C, based on skills and capabilities. One's rank is determined by sum or breath. Sum, is pre-determined at birth. Therefore, sum is desired. However, the ocean is harsh. May you desire! But seek what is not yours, the ocean will devour you. Life, for these women of the sea, is about holding one's breath, and containing and controlling one's desire. The film is a six year record of the lives of the haenyeos in Udo, an islet in the province of Jeju, known to be the birthplace of haenyeo. It is a close look into the lives that stand on the boundary of life and death.   Jack Palmer is a Paris-based detective with a huge ego. Ange Leoni is a rebel native of Corsica whose location can't be pinned down by even the most dogged of detectives. Approached by an obscure, small-time attorney and charged with the seemingly simple task of locating the missing Leoni, gifted gumshoe Palmer accepts the job under the assumption that it will be the easiest money of his professional career. But this superstar sleuth is about to find out just how mistaken he was... A jealous king jeopardizes his family, friendships and succession. Can and his mother Derya live an ordinary country life. But after a while his mother starts to exhibit strange behavior. Intrigued by Derya's enigmatic behavior Can begins to wonder about his mother's childhood. Mr. Nearbright is busily engaged writing; consults his watch. His wife, accompanied by her "Ma" enters, attired for a journey, carrying small satchels. The husband rises, apparently delighted, and bids them good-bye. When the ladies have gone, Mr. Nearbright rushes to the telephone, gives a message which is gratifying, to all appearances. The door opens, and a friend, Mr. Flirt, enters, followed by other members of a "stag" club. Pranksters Willie and Hoi travel to Japan, the land of candidness, to seek new inspiration. The find the Yashimoto School of Candiness and become devoted students. Willie and Hoi try to accomplish their mission of playing pranks on five Thai superstars to prove themselves as worthy apprentices. James Sullivan and Mike Wazowski are monsters, they earn their living scaring children and are the best in the business... even though they're more afraid of the children than they are of them. When a child accidentally enters their world, James and Mike suddenly find that kids are not to be afraid of and they uncover a conspiracy that could threaten all children across the world.   Documentary film about Czech actress Lida Baarova, who fall in love with Joseph Goebbels in the 30s. The wife of a hypnotist lives in a state of uncertainty over whether she's with her husband out of love or if she's been a victim of his influence. The true story of Assis Chateaubriand, the first magnate of communications in Brazil. Due to his influence during the late 1930s up to the early 1960s, he has come to be called 'the Brazilian Citizen Kane'. At the times of World War II, accomplished painter and translator Aram flees Istanbul due to political offenses. When he is trapped at the USSR-Georgia borders, his flight turns into a remembrance of things past... Bella once again finds herself surrounded by danger as Seattle is ravaged by a string of mysterious killings and a malicious vampire continues her quest for revenge. In the midst of it all, she is forced to choose between her love for Edward and her friendship with Jacob, knowing that her decision has the potential to ignite the ageless struggle between vampire and werewolf. With her graduation quickly approaching, Bella is confronted with the most important decision of her life. At eighteen years old, Sarah is subject to a daily rhythm by the violence of his alcoholic father and the needs of Maxime, his autistic brother. She is happy only when she see Nicolas, her boyfriend, and when she reminds her childhood memories. When his father destroyed the world she has built to protecther brother, she takes her freedom and brings Maxime and Nicolas. Hairless, makeup like indians, they escape their life to get a new one.  In honor of his birthday, San Francisco banker Nicholas Van Orton, a financial genius and a cold-hearted loner, receives an unusual present from his younger brother, Conrad: a gift certificate to play a unique kind of game. In nearly a nanosecond, Nicholas finds himself consumed by a dangerous set of ever-changing rules, unable to distinguish where the charade ends and reality begins.  After burning Rome, Emperor Nero decides to blame the Christians, and issues the edict that they are all to be caught and sent to the arena. Two old Christians are caught, and about to be hauled off, when Marcus, the highest military official in Rome, comes upon them. When he sees their stepdaughter Mercia, he instantly falls in love with her and frees them. Marcus pursues Mercia, which gets him into trouble with Emperor (for being easy on Christians) and with the Empress, who loves him and is jealous. Jesus Egiguren tells the five years he secretly held talks with members of Batasuna and ETA, which facilitated the permanent ceasefire announced in 2011 and which marked the termination of the terrorist group. When an IMF mission ends badly, the world is faced with dire consequences. As Ethan Hunt takes it upon himself to fulfill his original briefing, the CIA begin to question his loyalty and his motives. The IMF team find themselves in a race against time, hunted by assassins while trying to prevent a global catastrophe. A trio of opera singers are reunited by a wedding ten years after their stormy breakup. Every man has a different recollection of the beautiful young woman who wreaked havoc on their lives during one heated night.  Mario Kubo is a quiet man. For many, he seems lost. Disconnected from the world around him, he is not doing well. On the days where we follow his life, he seems to undergo a fundamental transformation. Mario receives a letter from Japan with undecipherable content, since he doesn't speak Japanese. An important fact: Mario Kubo is the son of a Japanese immigrant and a Brazilian mother, daughter of Japanese immigrants. Despite considering himself Brazilian, he will always be seen as being "Japanese" by others. Due to a series of events, Kubo steps out of Freedom Station, in the Japanese neighborhood of Sao Paulo, after riding the last night train. Alone, he begins a journey after something that he is not quite sure what it is. Oscar, a smart stockbroker from the big city, and Dan, a goofy slacker from hicksville, get some big news: they're brothers. Now they're stuck sharing their deceased father's estate, a failing country-style restaurant in the middle of nowhere. A "captured" Japanese newsreel. Civilian defense shows an aircraft spotter painting spots on aircraft and a fire prevention HQ that already burned down. Kitchen Hints shows the construction of a sandwich from bread and meat ration cards. Poisonalities in the News shows Yamamoto walking on stilts and boasting of plans for the White House, contrasted with the room reserved for him: an electric chair. A submarine, launched 3 weeks ahead of schedule, is still being built. A plane's new landing gear is a little man on a tricycle. A minesweeper uses a giant broom. Holden and Banky are comic book artists. Everything is going good for them until they meet Alyssa, also a comic book artist. Holden falls for her, but his hopes are crushed when he finds out she's a lesbian. Administrator of a Fitness-Club Kostya thinks that having a woman taller than 180sm by a man's side is a symbol of his prosperity and success. But he can only dream of having a 180sm beauty by his side. One day he decides to go on a date with one of his 180sm tall Fitness-Club members, after calling almost all the women he doesn't get a single acceptation : each of them has her own problems with men. However, accidentally it happens that way that he happens to be on a date with all of his dream ladies... Starring 32 artists from SM Town. The movie reflect the past, present and future of each artist with behind-the-scenes footage that follows the stars as they undergo rehearsals, revealing their day-to-day lives and also features interview, video diaries and never-seen-before archive files. Jacqueline Rocha Cortes is a 55 year old Brazilian transsexual woman who has been living with AIDS for the past 21 years. As a Human Rights activist and a militant for HIV-positive people, Jacque has had her life marked by struggles and achievements, including her role as a representative of the Brazilian government at the United Nations. Now married and a mother of two, Jacque lives in a small town, leading her life dedicated to motherhood and family. By tracking her daily reality and revisiting her story, the film addresses the diversity and shows the numerous challenges that have been disrupted by this extraordinary character, raising awareness on prejudice, homolesbotransphobia and gender identity. When the world's most notorious criminal allies himself with a senior employee of a major shipping corporation, a lethal deal is struck to secure a multi-million dollar arms transaction. As word of the sinister deal spreads through the underworld, a big city mobster, an extreme militia force and the FBI enter the clandestine mix, blurring the lines of loyalty and trust. A family man who turns out to be a retired mob enforcer must travel across the country to find his daughter who has gone missing.   Sam Wheat is a banker, Molly Jensen is an artist, and the two are madly in love. However, when Sam is murdered by his friend and corrupt business partner Carl Bruner over a shady business deal, he is left to roam the earth as a powerless spirit. When he learns of Carl's betrayal, Sam must seek the help of psychic Oda Mae Brown to set things right and protect Molly from Carl and his goons. A breakthrough opportunity comes when internationally - renowned director Park announces an open call for his new film, and Jang begins intense preparation for the role of his life. 15-year-old Elise is longing for a happy family life, but her mother Betty is weak and egocentric. She drowns her problems in alcohol. Everything seems to turn out good when they meet Ludwig. But he does not fall in love with Betty, he loves Elise.  Puppeteer Geppetto becomes a puppet himself after drinking an elixir that Pinocchio bought from a traveling carnival. A compilation film, recapping the second season, Yowamushi Pedal: Grande Road. A woman rebuilds her life in Galicia and finds work as a construction worker after her husband abandons her. Sinbad, a young and easygoing pirate, is not very adept at pirating: he and his crew have not been able to capture a single ship in a year. But fate finally smiles at Sinbad: old Antioch shows him an ancient map and persuades him to set sail for Skeleton Island to seek buried treasure. Based on the 1930's comic strip, puts the hero up against his arch enemy, Shiwan Khan, who plans to take over the world by holding a city to ransom using an atom bomb. Using his powers of invisibility and "The power to cloud men's minds", the Shadow comes blazing to the city's rescue with explosive results. A celebration of traditional Thai cooking with drama taking place in a high class restaurant and a cooking school. The new film from Lebanese director Danielle Arbid follows a young Arab immigrant in Paris, whose encounters with three men reveal different facets of her new country, and of herself. Coincidence brings Gyohwan, a 'keyboard warrior' who has left home and is moving from gosiwon to gosiwon, and Jeongsu, a 'patriotic senior citizen' who has fought all his life against the left wing, together who become close like a grandfather and grandson. A black comedy about the two who each prepare for their last big event which leads to disaster. Prominent gang leader Cyrus calls a meeting of New York's gangs to set aside their turf wars and take over the city. At the meeting, a rival leader kills Cyrus, but a Coney Island gang called the Warriors is wrongly blamed for Cyrus' death. Before you know it, the cops and every gangbanger in town is hot on the Warriors' trail. Headshots is a film-within-a-film directed in-character by Ingrid Veninger as Ruby White. Taken from Veninger's third feature, i am a good person / i am a bad person. The Blocher Experience tells the story of Switzerland's most controversial political leader. It also chronicles the face-to-face encounter between a film-maker and a man of power, through a year of exclusive, up-close interviews and access to his private life. After tragedy strikes Henry and Penny, he befriends a tenacious young girl and discovers she is constructing a raft to sail across the Atlantic to find her lost father. Together, along with some unlikely friends, they set forth to construct the vessel and subsequently rebuild their lives.  Sarah and Isolde share an interest in the traditional music and dance of the Balkans, but it turns out that shared interests don't always unite them. Their trip, initially a fun bonding experience, takes a southward turn when Sarah becomes interested in handsome fellow camper Steph. A seemingly innocent romantic overture touches off an abrupt shift in the dynamic between the two girlfriends, steering a previously ecstatic camp outing down a psychological rabbit hole. Anastacio lives in Lisbon and is fanatic for Sporting, one of the city's football teams. When the team travels to face Porto, he follows it with the family, staying in house of his friend, Mr. Barata, pretending to be rich. Every night, in danger of being beheaded, Scheherazade tells King Shahryar unfinished tales to continue them the following night, hence defying his promise of murdering his new wives after their wedding night.  Scheherazade tells king Shahryar her stories but these are not those in the book. These are stories based on whatever will be happening in Portugal during the production time of the film. As in the book, these stories will be tragic and comical, with rich and poor, powerless and powerful people, filled with surprising and extraordinary events. This film will be about the reality of a disgraced country, Portugal, under the effects of a global economic crisis.   The story of journalist, Edward R Murrow's stand against Senator McCarthy's anti-communist witch-hunts in the early 1950s.  After completing a 6 year conviction, Erick Montalvo gets rehabilitated into society and decides to start a family with his wife Michelle. Among many situations and economic problems, their lives become unbearable. Their child, born prematurely and with several conditions, requires a surgery costing more than $120,000. Out of desperation, Erick loses control and decides to do one last job that takes him "back to the beginning". Documentary about Peter Handke's hometown. The movie this time around is the first for Pretty Cure: Go! Go!! Gorgeous Triple Feature!!! It's a sparkling Happy Halloween party at the movie theater!! This fall, the highly popular TV series Go! Princess Pretty Cure (ABC, tv asahi affiliates) is coming to the big screen! It's a Halloween-themed super-gorgeous triple feature, with "A Precious Treasure of Pumpkin Land", "Lefy's Wonderful Night", and "Cure Flora and a Mysterious Mirror". "Strongly, kindly, and beautifully" Pretty Cures get a glamour power-up, including CG anime and the appearance of their mini-sized versions!   In a small town in Massachusetts, four high school girls perform a ritual in an attempt to debunk the lore of Slender Man. When one of the girls goes mysteriously missing, they begin to suspect that she is, in fact, his latest victim. A brother and sister take a long, loooong walk to school. Holly, a professor at a small college, has had a long history of finding the wrong guy. She's accomplished quite a bit in her life, but after her younger sister announces she is pregnant, Holly decides she is going to make an effort to meet Mr. Right. Meanwhile, David, another professor, is a single father, very smart and kind, but not the type that Holly takes notice of when the two are assigned to plan the Christmas Formal. At the insistence of her best friend, Holly signs up for the dating website "Cupid's Arrow," where she meets Josh, an attorney just hired by the school. He's everything she wants on the surface, but has little to say beyond his work and good looks. Josh and David were roommates in college, so Josh recruits David to write poetic messages in an attempt to win Holly over.  Leandro is a young man frustrated by his job. His master's thesis is on the military dictatorship in Brazil. That takes him into a search for recently deceased artist Jairo Mendes' controversial film The Beheading Game, which was censored by Brazilian censors in 1973. An entry-level employee at a powerful corporation finds himself occupying a corner office, but at a dangerous price--he must spy on his boss's old mentor to secure for him a multi-billion dollar advantage. A documentary detailing the spread of Hawaiian sugar-cane toads through Australia in a botched effort to introduce them as counter pests.  A boxer suffers a serious head injury during a fight, and must deal with the consequences.  Sao Paulo, 2007. Santana works as a dogcatcher, picking up stray animals. He is a friendly guy, averse to trouble, who has always kept violence away from the doorsteps of his home. One day, he catches a very big dog in a school. Some days later, comes the animal's owner: Babyface, a sociopath ex-cop. The man is furious, considering his dog to be "kidnapped", and demands immediate restitution of his pet. But the dog is not coming back: according to the law, the animal was put to sleep. In a misunderstanding, Babyface argue with Santana, blaming him for his pet's death. From this moment on, Santana's life will be completely changed.     Washington, D.C. psychologist Carol Bennell and her colleague Dr. Ben Driscoll are the only two people on Earth who are aware of an epidemic running rampant through the city. They discover an alien virus aboard a crashed space shuttle that transforms anyone who comes into contact with it into unfeeling drones while they sleep. Carol realizes her son holds the key to stopping the spread of the plague and she races to find him before it is too late. The obsession of The Mother for The Negro causes her sick relationship with The Daughter. Mother and daughter perform a daily routine of rites to conjure The Negro's soul. It pushes them into the dolorous tragedy which will consume them. The film tells a series of strange deaths caused by a red dress. Low-budget adventure starring former baseball star James Iglehart as Savage, who is kidnapped by South American rebels. After a time, he sees their position and is joined by a female commando squad in battling the repressive government officials. The film chronicles Nina Simone's journey from child piano prodigy to iconic musician and passionate activist, told in her own words. Plagued by frightening occurrences in their home, Kelly and Ben learn that a university's parapsychology experiment produced an entity that is now haunting them. The malevolent spirit feeds on fear and torments the couple no matter where they run. Desperate, Kelly and Ben turn to a paranormal researcher, but even with his aid, it may already be too late to save themselves from the terrifying presence. Aki isn't a brave little boy, but he's dedicated nonetheless to safeguarding his sickly, mute friend Fuyu. They and their little gang live deep underground, in the concrete warrens to which survivors have fled following the eruption of Mt. Fuji. The community is in decline, however, as illness and despair take their toll. Fuyu dreams of the outside world, which he is too frail to ever reach. But what colour is the sky out there? Huelva, Spain, an isolated region lost in time. The grass, the sand and the sky are the same that those foreigners saw in the spring of 1895, when they crossed the sea from a distant country to mark the unspoiled terrain and extract its wealth, when the tower was new, when people could climb to the top of the highest dune and imagine that the city of Tartessos was still there, in the distance, almost invisible in the morning brume. A man falls in love with a pretty ghost and travels back in time to save her soul from an evil knight. Like every year, five old friends come together in a chalet in the middle of a Canadian snow desert. Henri, his wife Apolline, brother-in-law Maxence, Jean and Paul are waiting for cozy evenings with board games and good food - a typical ski holiday. But on the first day Henri announces that he knows about the affair between Apolline and Jean. An oppressive mood spreads in the secluded hut until the spiral of jealousy and sadism kills one from its midst.  A low-budget anthology film focuses on a young group of friends, gathered for a night of fun and drinks around a campfire. Every year they try to outdo themselves telling scary stories. Will they survive another round? One story showcasing 5 unique macabre tales to frighten audiences everywhere. Based on a short story by Stephen King, a man and his family return to his home town, but he is then harassed by teenagers that died when he was a kid. Emma le Roux just wants to go home for the holidays. Gentle, beautiful, pacifist Emma. She's made the trip to her father's farm a thousand times. Piece of cake. But not today. Today she will cross paths with members of a violent drug syndicate. Everything starts falling apart, and fast. At first they were driven by hate and revenge. Suddenly, it's survival. Six strangers find themselves in circumstances beyond their control, and must use their wits to survive. Set entirely inside Folsom Prison, The Work follows three men during four days of intensive group therapy with convicts, revealing an intimate and powerful portrait of authentic human transformation that transcends what we think of as rehabilitation. A bearded magician holds up a large playing card and makes it larger. He tears up a card of a queen, burns the torn bits, and a life-size Queen of Hearts card appears; then, it becomes alive. The magician puts her back into the card. The same thing happens with the King of Clubs: the card becomes alive. The king removes his costume, and there's something very familiar about him. (IMDb)   Based on the novel 'Elsker hverandre' by Aage Madelung, the film follows various lives, one of which is Jewish girl Hanne-Liebe, as she grows up, and experiences the pains of living as a Jew in Russia, leading to a revolution. Widely claimed to be Joseph Stalin's favorite movie, this classic musical comedy is a must-see. The action takes place on a steamboat on the iconic Volga River, as two groups of performers travel to Moscow to perform in the Moscow Musical Olympiad. Based on the diary of an unknown Viet Cong soldier, this film provides a sympathetic look at a Viet Cong soldier who protected a captured American soldier whom he believed did not kill him when the American had the opportunity. Written by John Sacksteder Told through memory and metaphor, Utopians is a dark and subtly comic character study of three people on the edge: of society, of control, and of collapse. Roger is a yoga teacher. His daughter Zoe returns home from the military and to Rogers dismay resumes her relationship with her allegedly schizophrenic girlfriend Maya. Opposed to Zoe's pursuit of Maya but eager to be a part of his daughters life, Roger becomes entangled in the ups and downs of their relationship. Increasingly late and obviously distracted during his yoga classes, his few remaining students begin to lose patience. When Rogers well-meaning friend Morris offers them a live-in renovation job in an upscale Brooklyn home, the three of them move in and start a job they are not exactly qualified for. Living rent-free provides them with a respite from the responsibilities and expectations of the outside world. Together they try to find comfort in their new reality while being revisited by their troubled pasts.  Version of Botan Doro.  During an experiment of a machine designed to visualize a person's inner mind, an accident occurs leaving its inventor unconscious. The inventor's wife, Aoi (Shirakawa Nanami), continues the research in an effort to visualize her husband's feelings. Masaki (Yoshida Ryuichi) arrives at the laboratory to announce the suspension of the research, but is taken with Aoi instead. Elementary school boy Hiroto doesn't have any talents or dreams for the future. One day he sees a wrestling match by popular masked wrestler Dynamite Wolf, and for the first time becomes enthusiastic. He decides to ask Dynamite Wolf to teach him how to fight. Meanwhile, Dynamite Wolf's foray into politics has become big news... This energetic coming-of-age drama is the first entertainment film by a director who has worked on self-documentaries and POV horror. The star is Kawase Yota from "Rolling" by TOMINAGA Masanori. With strong support from Dotonbori Pro Wrestling, a match scene was shot with 200 extras, taking "Dynamite Wolf" beyond the realm of a typical low-budget movie. Based on David Walliams' best-selling children's book, with an all-star cast including Jennifer Saunders, James Buckley, David Walliams and Kate Moss, The Boy in the Dress is a celebration of creativity, difference, football and fashion.  Dennis feels different - an ordinary boy in an ordinary house in an ordinary street, playing football with his mates and living with his dad and brother, but frustrated by the boring grey world he inhabits. Life has never really been the same since his mum left.  However, transformation can happen in the most unexpected places. Aided by Lisa, the coolest girl in the school, Dennis creates a whole new persona and puts it to the ultimate test - but can a boy wear a dress, and what will the headmaster, his dad and his friends on the football team think if they find out? A petty thief posing as an actor is brought to Los Angeles for an unlikely audition and finds himself in the middle of a murder investigation along with his high school dream girl and a detective who's been training him for his upcoming role... Shot in the Balkan wilderness, an exploration of mysterious ruins that over the centuries have been known to trigger trances. A visceral experience composed of hypnagogic visions and raw energy. Based on the legendary true story of the Red Dog who united a disparate local community while roaming the Australian outback in search of his long lost master.  The Democratic People's Republic of Korea is a country with a very strong social cohesion and the unprecedented admiration of the people for their leader, which is absolutely unique and incomprehensible especially from a Western point of view. The native Korean director Sung-Hyung Cho tries to understand this by accompanying several Koreans from different backgrounds in their daily lives. The film shows the country and its people in a way, as it is rarely done in Western media, non-judgmental and respectful towards the people. A serial killer unleashes his blood lust at a remote environmental-camp. Years later a horror novelist relocates to rural England and is plagued to the point of madness by horrific hauntings of a massacre. A teenage goldsmith with a dark past tragically falls in love with a young nude model. A choreography based on an original musical score. The movements illustrate a dialogue between the figurative and the abstract, attempting to find a mutual meaning and an affinity between them while at the same time emphasizing the polarity. Use the miles in any combination that fits your schedule and your goals. Try a 1 Mile walk every morning to start your day the right way...or do a 2 Mile Walk before dinner...why not 3 Miles every Wednesday? There are so many combinations to keep things fresh and effective! It all WORKS to keep you walking strong and slim! 'Danced Out' emerges from the director's lived experience as a gay male dancer in professional dance. In a world filled with anxiety about masculinity and the policing of its boundaries, this film shares a deep commitment to understanding, exploring, and revealing the multifaceted aspects of gender performance on and offstage. The implications of this film show the critical social role and function gay men have in contemporary society. With a nuanced approach to masculinity, the film imparts longstanding survival techniques these men use that often elude and challenge traditional notions of gender performance.  Set in the year 1999 during the last days of the old millennium, the movie tells the story of Lenny Nero, an ex-cop who now deals with data-discs containing recorded memories and emotions. One day he receives a disc which contains the memories of a murderer killing a prostitute. Lenny investigates and is pulled deeper and deeper in a whirl of blackmail, murder and rape. Will he survive and solve the case? Once, Ruby, Crystal and Jade were on top of the world. Now they're desperate for a comeback. When a mysterious millionaire offers them a world tour, they jump at the chance. But there are a few strings attached, and soon these sexy sirens are in hot water. With the help of an undercover agent, they're about to prove that you don't toy with the Sapphire Girls. Vanitas is the new feature film by veteran Portuguese director Paulo Rocha. With a script by Regina Guimaraes, the film brings together actresses Isabel Ruth and Joana Barcia - no strangers to this director's world - in a story about a depressed fashion designer who falls in love with the daughter of one her tailors. A young man decides to leave the city to find nature. The Bridge is the controversial documentary that shows people jumping to their death from the Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco. Director Eric Steel staked out for a year under the infamous bridge filming 23 suicides. The footage was then compiled along with interviews from family, friends, witnesses, and survivors to create this disturbing yet very intriguing documentary. Sylvain George crosses Paris in 2015 and 2016 with an "unaccompanied foreign minor", as the official term has it. This splendid whirlwind in black-and-white mixes the details of iconic monuments - an equestrian statue, the obelisk or the big wheel - with life in the streets. Marcher puis disparaitre follows the path of a man who, having journeyed a great distance, goes through the daily life of a small Turkish town, observing the customs and habits at dusk: a coffee shop, the old mosque, a bakery, games at cafe tables, and the streets coming alive A boy's life is affected when his mother neglects him and shows all her affection to his elder brother.  Desika made his directorial debut with the film, after having apprenticed under Thambi Ramaiah, Sairamani and Sakthi Chidambaram for fifteen years. He approached real estate businessman Jaya Ilavarasan with the script and succeeded in convincing him to make his first film. The team began filming scenes across Chennai in September 2012 under the title of Vaalu. During production, the film faced a legal tussle over the title with the makers of the Silambarasan starrer Vaalu. The Producers Council concluded that Desika's team had not registered the title and subsequently the film used Rettai Vaalu instead.  The music for the film was composed by V. Selvaganesh and the lyrics were written by Vairamuthu. In June 2013, the team held an audio launch function where the first CD was released by Vairamuthu and received by producers R. B. Choudary and Keyar. An ex-cop and his family are the target of an evil force that is using mirrors as a gateway into their home. Pappali is a 2014 Tamil language film directed by Govindamurthy. It stars Senthil Kumar and Ishara Nair in the lead roles, while Saranya Ponvannan, Singampuli and Jagan play supporting roles. Jean-Claude Bernardet, Brazil's most important living film critic, is old and sick, but tries to reinvent himself through his long disintegration. Shifting between fiction and documentary, A Destruicao de Bernardet uses unusual tools to trigger his memory and to make him tell his story. A picturing of sound in 3D. In order to supplement the family income, Marius Bastrup rents his unused rooms to young women looking for a "discreet stay."  The drama in the film revolves around the young women and their circumstances, especially as it relates to one girl's abortion.  A surrogate mother harbors a deadly secret desire for a family of her own with the husband who is expecting to raise her child. INOCENTE is a personal and vibrant coming of age story about a young artist's determination never to surrender to the bleakness of her surroundings. At 15, Inocente refuses to let her dream of becoming an artist be caged by being an undocumented immigrant forced to live homeless for the last nine years. Color is her personal revolution and its sweep on her canvases creates a world that looks nothing like her own dark past. INOCENTE is both a timeless story about the transformative power of art and a timely snapshot of the new face of homelessness in America: children. The challenges are staggering, but the hope in her story proves that the hand she has been dealt does not define her, her dreams do. A young man from a community of robbers aspires to become a cop and acts as an informer. However, the local inspector and a minister are keen to see him out of their way. United by their renegade spirit and a determination to win against substantial odds, these riders take on the international circuit. The film offers unique insights into the first five years of their journey, bearing witness to the ethos of the team as embodied by all - from the strongest to most embattled members. Out of a culture that embraces a deeply human approach to sport, unlikely champions are born, and seemingly improbable team and personal goals are achieved. The first "Metal Meltdown" concert series event kicked off at The Joint at the world famous Hard Rock Casino in Las Vegas on May 30, 2015. Legendary, multi-Platinum selling rockers Twisted Sister performed an explosive 90-minute concert of their biggest hits spanning their 40-year career. The show was dedicated to the honor of Twisted Sister's iconic drummer, A.J. Pero, whose tragic, sudden death just two months prior to the filming of this event shocked the music world. The band announced that not only were all the remaining concerts being performed in 2015 dedicated to the memory of A.J. Pero, but that 2016 would mark the 40th and final year of the band's legendary live performances. They recruited renowned drummer and friend of A.J. Pero, Mike Portnoy (The Winery Dogs, Dream Theater, Avenged Sevenfold) to take the reins, and his very first Twisted Sister appearance was captured by the "Metal Meltdown" camera crew. Three college students set out to document what other people dread most. Using their sound and film equipment like musical instruments, the members of the band GUI AIUEO:S create an audiovisual work of art. On their journey, they search for UFOs, meet odd hermits, and are introduced to the sustainable toilet. In Panama, Maggie King meets soldier Skid Johnson on his last day in the army and reluctantly agrees to a date to celebrate. The two become involved in a nightclub brawl which causes Maggie to miss her ship back to the States. Now stranded, she's forced to move in with Skid and his pal Harry. She soon falls in love with Skid. Skid gets a job playing the trumpet at a local club and becomes a big success. Fame and fortune go to his head which eventually destroys his relationship Maggie and his career. A mysterious international crime organization makes a demand of 900 million yen from the Japanese government for the release of hostages. The group then targets a victory parade of a world sports game to commit indiscriminate terror. On the afternoon of July 1, 1981, Los Angeles police responded to a distress call on Wonderland Avenue and discovered a grisly quadruple homicide. The police investigation that followed uncovered two versions of the events leading up to the brutal murders - both involving legendary porn actor John Holmes. You're about to experience both versions. Based on the best selling book by Nik Ripken, The Insanity of God is the personal and lifelong journey of an ordinary couple from rural Kentucky who thought they were going on just your ordinary missionary pilgrimage, but discovered it would be anything but. After spending over six hard years doing relief work in Somalia, and experiencing life where it looked like God had turned away completely and He was clueless about the tragedies of life, the couple had a crisis of faith and left Africa asking God, "Does the gospel work anywhere when it is really a hard place? It sure didn't work in Somalia. The special bond that develops between plus-sized inflatable robot Baymax, and prodigy Hiro Hamada, who team up with a group of friends to form a band of high-tech heroes. A group of American soldiers travel into Mexico for an unknown mission and they encounter a surprising world which changes their views. A group of friends suddenly hit jackpot in a state lottery so now they must decide how to spend the money. Unfortunately their wives don't really agree with all the plans. Alternately tragic and comic, an exploration of the complexities of love in both its brightest and darkest corners. Adapted from John Irving's best-selling novel A Widow for One Year, the film is set in the privileged beach community of East Hampton, New York and chronicles one pivotal summer in the lives of famous children's book author Ted Cole (Jeff Bridges) and his beautiful wife Marion (Kim Basinger). Their once-great marriage has been strained by tragedy. Her resulting despondency and his subsequent infidelities have prevented the couple from confronting a much-needed change in their relationship. Eddie O'Hare, the young man Ted hires to work as his summer assistant, is the couple's unwitting yet willing pawn - and, ultimately, the catalyst in the transformation of their lives. G-FORCE is a music documentary that tells an aspiring story of how an ordinary teenage girl from Hong Kong (G.E.M.) overnight becomes the biggest female singer in China. Through her devotion to music and jaw-dropping music talent G.E.M.'s music melted the hearts of millions in China, her success story has inspired many in her generation; G.E.M. is to the core the voice of the next generation Chinese. Award-winning director Nick Wickham takes you through this 90-min music journey to witness the rise of the Chinese superstar. Along with G.E.M.'s spectacular performances the director also shines a spotlight on her untold stories, the sacrifices she has to make for staying true to herself in the endless uphill battle. A one in a billion story of inspiring adventure, involuntary conflicts, and unshakable devotion, G-FORCE is a must-see for all dreamers. Matchmaker, Dolly Levi takes a trip to Yonkers, New York to see the "well-known unmarried half-a-millionaire," Horace Vandergelder. While there, she convinces him, his two stock clerks and his niece and her beau to go to New York City. Phil and Claire Foster fear that their mild-mannered relationship may be falling into a stale rut. During their weekly date night, their dinner reservation leads to their being mistaken for a couple of thieves--and now a number of unsavoury characters want Phil and Claire killed. Terrence McDonagh, a New Orleans Police sergeant, who starts out as a good cop, receiving a medal and a promotion to lieutenant for heroism during Hurricane Katrina. During his heroic act, McDonagh injures his back and later becomes addicted to prescription pain medication. McDonagh finds himself involved with a drug dealer who is suspected of murdering a family of African immigrants. In this sword and sandal fantasy, Poseidon must battle a gladiator quartet in ancient Rome. If he wins, the son of Hercules will have his life and anything else he wants. Sure enough, he wins and asks that the life of a Christian girl be spared. But the girl refuses her liberty until all of her fellow believers are also released. The beloved wife and daughter-in-law Sabina faces new challenges. 5.17 Minutes, 2019 vimeo.com/313709170 A war-hardened Crusader and his Moorish commander mount an audacious revolt against the corrupt English crown. The story of the first major battle of the American phase of the Vietnam War and the soldiers on both sides that fought it. A behind-the-scenes look at Roger Waters and Alan Parker's 1982 film, "The Wall" One by one, a flock of small birds perches on a telephone wire. Sitting close together has problems enough, and then comes along a large dopey bird that tries to join them. The birds of a feather can't help but make fun of him - and their clique mentality proves embarrassing in the end.  Following the sudden death of their father, two brothers realize the greatest threat to their criminal empire might just be each other. A no-holds-barred battle for power ensues that threatens to destroy everything their old man built. Comic Hasan Minhaj of "The Daily Show" shares personal stories about racism, immigrant parents, prom night horrors and more in this stand-up special. A naturalist and bestselling writer of children's books, Tasha TUDOR illustrated several books such as The Secret Garden and A Little Princess as well as Christmas cards for the White House. She cultivated a magnificent garden on her vast property and lived the life of her dreams. A mysterious disease spreads around the world. If people get the disease, cherry blossoms will bloom on their body and they will die. The cause or possible vaccine for the disease does not exist. People begin to accept the disease as part of their daily lives. Vasool Raja is a romantic action entertainer with lot of comic moments. Navdeep's acting is the main attraction in the film. Chinni Charan's music, Karthikeya's screenplay, Satyam Rahesh's comedy are its other highlights. Age-old story, slow-paced narration and some illogical scenes are its biggest drawbacks. Soprano Dawn Upshaw, a multiple Grammy winner and recipient of a MacArthur Fellowship, performs a variety of songs in this spectacular concert filmed live at the Theatre Musical de Paris Chatelet in 2000. Selections include "Mirabai Songs" by John Harbison, "The Sleeper" by George Crumb, "In Just Spring" by Laura Elise Schwendinger, "Cabaret Songs" by William Bolcom and several songs set to Carl Sandburg poems by Ruth Crawford. Publisher Will Randall becomes a werewolf and has to fight to keep his job. Classic arcade champion Dwayne Richard exposes the story behind Billy Mitchell's alleged "first Perfect Pac-Man" with evidence that he may not have been the first, how he used his influence to hold back other scores on several games and more. You will be amazed at how much of the story Mitchell works to hide. New mom battles the evil lurking within as her adulterous husband hides a dark secret that may lead to the human extinction. After a freak accident during her baby shower, Allison, a dedicated nurse, is rushed to the hospital. After the premature birth of her son Neron, strange events emerge: illusions, vivid dreams, and unexplained killings. The events are linked back to Neron as Allison is taken by sudden premonitions that reveal the victims of her son's next choice. Film Title Poem is comprised of over 500 film title cards. Surreal worlds, elegiac images and romantic letters form a stream of suppressed memories. A young man discovers diaries and film reels of his recently deceased mother. Ukrainian director Igor Minaev melts his rarely seen shorts from Soviet times into an emotional journey into the past. The third in a series of films featuring Francois Truffaut's alter-ego, Antoine Doinel, the story resumes with Antoine being discharged from military service. His sweetheart Christine's father lands Antoine a job as a security guard, which he promptly loses. Stumbling into a position assisting a private detective, Antoine falls for his employers' seductive wife, Fabienne, and finds that he must choose between the older woman and Christine. A sister and brother, the last heirs of a family of acrobats, are called upon by a Buddhist monk sect to retrieve an artifact that their ancestors have protected throughout the ages. When Kara (Adipati Dolken) at the age of 18 he hoped the promise of a gift from his grandpa (Roy Marten). It turned out that the gift is not money, cars or opportunities travel around the world, but instead of independence. This is Phil Wang's second stand-up show, a follow-up to 2014's 'Anti-Hero'. Recorded live at the St James Theatre in London, on the 18th of March 2015. A profile of Nobuo Fukuda, a chef blending Japanese and western styles. The privileged son of a wealthy landlord is forced to oversee his father's property in a rural village instead of continue with university studies. He falls in love with his housekeeper, who is of a lower caste. Movie inspired by classical story "Kunigo nauda velniai gaudo" by Lithuanian writer Zemaite. Written in 1903 story reborn in cinemas after more than 100 years.  An elderly man whose wife is terminally ill embarks on an emotional road trip with his grandson to the hometown that he was forbidden to return to, to search for a missing piece of his soul. Starring Joke Silva, Jude Chukwuka, Rotimi Salami, Ijeoma Grace Agu, Toyin Oshinaike, Daniel Alabi and Rita Edward. In Greek mythology Ananke is the goddess that represents the personification or power of fate. In an imaginary present, humanity faces extinction because of a terrible pandemic. The only way to escape death is to avoid all contact with human beings, to flee, to be completely alone. After long wandering a man and a woman find shelter in an isolated house in the mountains. They hope to save themselves by adapting to an essential, almost primitive life. Nature watches over them, observing them from above. Everything flows, everything changes, everything is in transformation. Is avoiding man enough to avoid death? James Allen "Laurence O'Fuarain" is a successful, controlling, thirty-something banker living alone and working in Dublin city at the tail-end of the recession. When a family tragedy occurs at the hands of his employer he decides to take action which forces him to face a terrible childhood secret. Meanwhile, his mysterious co-worker Alison "IFTA - nominated - Sarah Carroll" has her own agenda, which puts her on a collision course with James, triggering a dark spiral of deceit, revenge, and murder. Director Alan Mulligan's first feature is a deliberate and slow-paced look at modern day greed and desire, and society's ever-growing need for control. A romantic drama about a pair of courageous meteorological engineers from Australia who fall in love with the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau region. The Australian maverick director George Gittoes travels to Terror Central in Pakistan, where he decides to shoot a local Pashto telie film (high on kitsch and machine guns) right under the nose of the Taliban's anti-entertainment forces. He throws himself into the clash of fundamentalism and entertainment - virtual and real - in this off-beat docu-drama mix. Gittoes takes us on a surprising, terrifying journey, into the forbidden zones of Pakistan's explosive North West Frontier. Is it a documentary or is this 'war art'?  Waxing nostalgic about the bittersweet passage from childhood to puberty in this tender coming-of-age tale, four childhood girlfriends -- Teeny, Chrissy, Samantha and Roberta -- recall the magical summer of 1970. During their walk down memory lane, they reconcile experiences with boys, secrets, bullies and more. A panoptic film on water, energy and climate, SunGanges (SuryaGanga) is a wild and intense ride three filmmakers take across the vast Indian landscape in an attempt to connect the dots between vanishing rivers, massive energy projects and the quiet rise of renewable energy. A small group of survivors are left behind after millions of people suddenly vanish during the rapture and the world is plunged into chaos and destruction. The story of Bernardo "Nardo" Talavera, a manager of a parking lot that during the day is involved in a tedious routine and at night lets out his most grandiloquent obsessions. Edgar and David find a sculpture at an archeological excavation. Obsessed with the find, Edgar embarks on a journey and disappears without a trace. Years later, Maria, his daughter, decides to go and look for him in the jungle. Noboru runs a real-estate agency in a provicial Hokkaido mountain town. He is despised by the locals for his aggressive business practices. His daughter, Nana--a high school senior--bears the brunt of their anger; and yet, she resolves to stay after graduation, even though her father wants her to leave with him for Tokyo. Sometime in the near future, paraplegic prison inmate Matt Mills meets "The Board" of Satoshi-Telefair Industries, who thank him for joining the Program. Under pressure and with a promise to make him walk again, Mills agrees to volunteer. He is injected with a synthetic nanomaterial and suffocated, only to wake up with restored use of his legs, yet alone in a steel cell in the first spoke of an experimental apparatus - The Wheel. A series of assailants inflict a multitude of damage to Mills' body and torment his mind, yet the synthetic nanomaterial not only restores his damaged organs, it re-engineers his strength. The experiment might be designed to kill, but Mills is determined to survive - and get back to his daughter before The Board finds her first. In a short musical film directed by Paul Thomas Anderson, Thom Yorke of Radiohead stars in a mind-bending visual piece. Best played loud. With the rapid emergence of digital devices, an unstoppable, invisible force is changing human lives in ways from the microscopic to the gargantuan: Big Data, a word that was barely used a few years ago but now governs the day for many of us from the moment we awaken to the extinguishing of the final late-evening light bulb. This massive gathering and analyzing of data in real time is allowing us to not only address some of humanity biggest challenges but is also helping create a new kind of planetary nervous system. Yet as Edward Snowden and the release of the Prism documents have shown, the accessibility of all these data comes at a steep price. The Human Face of Big Data captures the promise and peril of this extraordinary knowledge revolution. A feature film based on the documentary "Our Brand Is Crisis", which focuses on the use of American political campaign strategies in South America. Japan, 1643, as the Kato clan of Aizu falls from power two brave samurai will settle a dispute in the time-honored tradition of their clan, by drawing their blades in a duel to the death. In 1865, a troop of Confederate soldiers led by Major Matt Stewart attack the wagon of gold escorted by Union cavalry and the soldiers are killed. The only wounded survivor tells that the war ended one month ago, and the group decides to take the gold and meet their liaison that knew that the war ended but did not inform the troop. The harsh Rolph Bainter kills the greedy man and the soldiers flee in his wagon driven by Major Stewart. When they meet a posse chasing them, Stewart gives wrong information to misguide the group; however, they have an accident with the wagon and lose the horses. They decide to stop a stagecoach and force the driver to transport them, but the posse returns and they are trapped in the station with the passenger. They realize that the men are not deputies and have no intention to bring them to justice but take the stolen gold. Billy and Lucy have grown up together in a small, close-knit Australian country town, where they form one of the town's most formidable Ute driving teams. When Billy takes one risky car stunt too far, Lucy declares she is moving to the city - sending Billy into a spin. Amid the mayhem of the town's annual "Bachelors and Spinsters" party, Billy only has one night to wake up to his true feelings for his best friend - or lose her forever. Spin Out is a fresh, feel-good comedy romance for the young and the young at heart. In 1854, noted American transcendentalist Henry David Thoreau published his influential book 'Walden; or, Life in the Woods' about his attempt to live self-sufficiently in his cabin in the woods near Walden Pond, MA for two years. A look at poverty in post-war Athens. Kosmas, a young man living in the slums, constantly tries to make ends meet, hoping for a better day. Because of debts, he gets tangled up in smuggling. His morals are tested and he tries to find a way out.  On a small town college campus, a philosophy professor in existential crisis gives his life new purpose when he enters into a relationship with his student. A pragmatic U.S. Marine observes the dehumanizing effects the U.S.-Vietnam War has on his fellow recruits from their brutal boot camp training to the bloody street fighting in Hue. Three intercut stories about outsiders, sex and violence. In "Hero," Richie, at age 7, kills his father and flies away. After the event, a documentary in cheesy lurid colors asks what Richie was like and what led up to the shooting. In the black and white "Horror," a scientist isolates the elixir of human sexuality, drinks it, and becomes a festering, contagious murderer; a female colleague who loves him tries to help, to her peril. In "Homo," a prisoner in Fontenal prison is drawn to an inmate whom he knew some years before, at Baton juvenile institute, and whose humiliations he witnessed. This story is told in dim light, except for the bright flashbacks.   A long-divorced couple are reunited on a blind date and agree to fix each other up with friends and colleagues. While fix-up after fix-up fails to work out for either of them, they begin to wonder if perhaps they aren't the right match for one another after all. A lottery win of $5,000 forever changes the lives of a miner turned dentist and his wife. After buying a defaulted loan on the cheap, a loan shark is at odds with himself when he discovers his former lover is married to the missing debtor. A woman gets lost in the woods. Mokhi media presents Loopy (2017) Freddie is an inept bank clerk with no future. His only hobby is collecting butterflies, which gives him a feeling of power and control that is otherwise totally missing from his life. He comes into a large sum of money, and buys himself a country house. Still unable to make himself at ease socially, he starts to plan on acquiring a girl friend - in the same manner as he collects butterflies. He prepares the cellar of the house to be a collecting jar, and stalks his victim over several days. Mijika encourages her girlfriend, Tomoko to lose her virginity in more ways than one. Tomoko, a germaphobic basket case, blushes, but is inspired by her new ticket-taker position at a porn film theatre. Trouble ensues when the third wheel confesses his eight-year-old love for Mijika. Patrick, a senior outcast in his small town high school, is on a journey to reunite with his estranged older brother. A nature mockumentary exploring the mating habits of sofas and the grandeur that is recreational seating. Cyrus Nollen, Bergerac High's resident big-nosed hacker, uses social media to help a handsome star athlete win the heart of his best friend Roxy, despite the fact that he is deeply in love with her himself. Inspired by Anton Chekhov's The Cherry Orchard, the film follows a prodigal son who returns after 12 years. His reappearance at the family home in rural Azerbaijan significantly alters their way of life. After a homemaker discovers that her husband is a philanderer, she imprisons him in their soundproof basement and reports him missing to the police. The film is based on the eponymous 1960 novel by author Peter Weiss. In this autobiographical text, the author describes the years of his childhood and youth in Germany in the 20s and 30s as well as the flight of his half-Jewish family from persecution by the Nazis. This odyssey also portrays the young first-person narrator's struggle for his artistic existence, as he was striving to establish himself as a painter and writer. In a free, sensual essay between fiction and document, realistic description and stylised invention, the film attempts to kindle today's flame based on the past's, and to create a new and vibrant third work from it. (Locarno Festival) Michael Moore's provocative documentary explores the two most important questions of the Trump Era: How the fuck did we get here, and how the fuck do we get out? During the Cold War, an American scientist appears to defect to East Germany as part of a cloak and dagger mission to find the formula for a resin solution, but the plan goes awry when his fiancee, unaware of his motivation, follows him across the border. A young girl of good social position has relations with a boy who just won a contest waltzes. To turn this into a man with a good future, the father of the young girl employed in a factory. After losing the love of his life to a cruel Philistine prince, a young Hebrew with Supernatural strength defends his people, sacrificing everything to avenge his love, his people, and his God. Frank and Inez meet while biking to a party. They went out at university but they haven't seen each other for nine years. Their journey through the streets of London, captured on their helmet GoPros, brings to light old stories and old secrets.  Paris. Suzanne, a French journalist and researcher, travels to Buenos Aires, contacted by Martin Dressler. However, Dressler never shows up for their meeting. So, Suzanne begins to investigate, touring the most important buildings of the city. She learns that The Corroborators were a secret Buenos Aires society that, at the end of the 19th Century, proposed to copy Paris in Buenos Aires. The Corroborators sent photographs and architects to Paris to create the most perfect replica possible. However, in the 1930s, they disappeared mysteriously, and became a doubtful myth until today. Suzanne believes that they are behind the disappearance of Dressler. And that they are after her. Through unreleased documents and interviews with specialists, not only is the already known history of the famous buildings of the "Paris of the River Plate" reviewed, but also we learn of new information and missing pieces to a jigsaw puzzle that to this day remains unfinished. Based on the bestselling novel by Michael Ende (The Neverending Story), this epic fantasy adventure follows a young orphan boy JIM BUTTON, his best friend LUKE and a magical steam engine called EMMA as they travel across the world in search of the truth about where Jim came from. Battling pirates and dragons, outsmarting make-believe giants, they must travel through the Forest of a Thousand Wonders, beyond the End of the World to find the hidden Dragon City. Twisted horror segments intertwined with cute, fluffy, family-friendly hamster videos. The filmmakers were so preoccupied with whether or not they could, they didn't stop to think if they should. Ghostbusters meets The Matrix in this experimental short film from the makers of Wyrmwood: Road Of The Dead. Emily Wardill presents a compelling investigation into collective fear. Grindcore punks Bamseom Pirates make music suitable for a sick society.  A portmanteau feature that is an often laugh-out-loud portrait of Lebanon and all its myriad charms and idiosyncrasies. A married couple ends up working at the same company where the wife is a general director. This arouses the suspicion of their co-workers who do not know they are married. 22-year-old Claudia is a single mother who lives with Marghe, her sixyear-old precocious daughter. When Claudia is kicked out of her house for failing to pay the rent, she leaves Marghe to an old woman next door. Its Halloween 1989, best friends Sam and Josh are trying to enjoy what's left of their final Devil's Night before graduating high school. But trouble arises when the two pals and a group of friends take a detour on their way to a rock concert, finding an old abandoned barn and awakening the evil inside. Now it's up to Sam and Josh to find a way to protect their friends and defeat the creatures that lurk within "The Barn". A final tribute to Grateful Dead's final shows through a series of photographs accompanied by "Black Muddy Water." Danny Ocean reunites with his old flame and the rest of his merry band of thieves in carrying out three huge heists in Rome, Paris and Amsterdam - but a Europol agent is hot on their heels. Milton Jones live.  A yellow cab is driving through the vibrant and colourful streets of Tehran. Very diverse passengers enter the taxi, each candidly expressing their views while being interviewed by the driver who is no one else but the director Jafar Panahi himself. His camera placed on the dashboard of his mobile film studio captures the spirit of Iranian society through this comedic and dramatic drive...  Through unprecedented backstage access and candid interviews, the film weaves through the absurd world of the working comedian and reveals a crazy and hilarious psychological profile of its practitioners. We also follow retired comic Ritch Shydner's attempt to climb back on stage after a thirteen-year hiatus. At the top of his game in the 1980's, Shydner had HBO specials, shot five pilot TV shows, and numerous late night appearances (Carson, Letterman, Leno, etc.) but the big time eluded him. Equipped with the collective wisdom and nutty musings of over 80 of his peers, he gives it another shot. Does Ritch have what it takes to connect with today's young crowds and still get the laughs? A bunch of high school graduates practice love with their classmates who have a lot of experience, because they spend their free time as escort ladies and therefore earn a lot of money. A Broadway artiste turns a faded film star's comeback vehicle into an artsy flop. Kirk is enjoying the annual Christmas party extravaganza thrown by his sister until he realizes he needs to help out Christian, his brother-in-law who has a bad case of the bah-humbugs. La Maldita Primavera is a film starring the indiepop band "Papa Topo" and it's about a reptilian sent to Earth to find out if humans pose a threat to the rest of the galaxy. In Paris in 1928 American Djuna Barnes writes a farcical novel about the lovers, friends and publishing elite that make up "lesbian Don Juan" Natalie Clifford Barney's sordid salon. Dolly Wilde, Elizabeth Gramont, Romaine Brooks, Mimi Franchetti, Colette, Gertrude Stein, Liane de Pougy, Radclyffe Hall, Mina Loy, Janet Flanner and many more of the finest minds of her time enter her colorful book. Concocted to cheer up Barnes' ailing girlfriend, Thelma Wood, who is sick in the hospital, the story ultimately outlives the romance. On the night of 16 July 1942, ten year old Sarah and her parents are being arrested and transported to the Velodrome d'Hiver in Paris where thousands of other jews are being sent to get deported. Sarah however managed to lock her little brother in a closet just before the police entered their apartment. Sixty years later, Julia Jarmond, an American journalist in Paris, gets the assignment to write an article about this raid, a black page in the history of France. She starts digging archives and through Sarah's file discovers a well kept secret about her own in-laws. A broke-down middle aged Texas troubadour yearns to be remembered like the southern bluesmen before him, but his failings and self-doubt forestall his musical dreams and blind him to the open road. Agent 007 is back in the second installment of the James Bond series, this time battling a secret crime organization known as SPECTRE. Russians Rosa Klebb and Kronsteen are out to snatch a decoding device known as the Lektor, using the ravishing Tatiana to lure Bond into helping them. Bond willingly travels to meet Tatiana in Istanbul, where he must rely on his wits to escape with his life in a series of deadly encounters with the enemy Few films describe the conventions, misconducts and eccentricities of the upper reaches of the French bourgeoisie with such accuracy and elegance. With its phenomenal cast, La Sainte Famille casts a tender, ironic, sometimes melancholy glance at contemporary Balzacian characters, torn between their desires, their perception of duty and the temptation to let life follow its course.  Bobby Stano had everything going for him. Fresh out of high school, he was signed to the majors, had a beautiful girlfriend, everything was looking up. That is, until he and his friends get into a fight with a neighboring gang. The confrontation results in an accidental fatality and quickly changes Bobby's life forever. He's found guilty of murder and locked in prison for the next thirteen years. When Bobby is released, he's faced with a vilified reputation, a relationship to rekindle and a new life to find. The Racer is a racing movie I can't find on IMDB A soon to-be married bride is abducted by a man who is obsessed with her.  A legionnaire, Georges, promised his friend, who died of a snake-bite, to marry Catherine, the girl with whom he had a child. Back in France, the young soldier goes in search of Catherine. The girl he finds is a dumb puritan; in spite of his disappointment, he keeps his promise and asks for her hand. At the last moment, in the town-hall, he discovers the girl he is to marry is not the true Catherine. So he leaves his fiancee and heads for Paris where the true girl works as a cabaret dancer. But the deserted fiancee is not prepared to accept it. Eva, Alba y Juan are the protagonist of the story. Eva gives birth to Marina, Alba has just been left by her boyfriend. And Juan is happily married. Their paths intersect one night and their lifes will change forever. A collective movie by students from Hamburg about the problems of the publicly funded German public television...  Abstract film set to electronic music. A wilfully offensive band, The Mentors gained infamy for performing in black executioner hoods and spewing cartoonishly racist, homophobic and misogynistic lyrics in the 1980s and '90s--but was their use of shock meant to propagate hate or confront it? Imagine a world where the trapped emotions, fears, anxieties and unprocessed life experiences we hold in our bodies are the source for everything that ails us. That's the world we live in.  Now imagine a world where everyone is manifesting from their heart the perfect creation that's inside each of us. Imagine a world where abundance, inner peace, longevity and loving relationships abound. Imagine emotion experts from around the world sharing their wisdom and negative-emotion clearing techniques to light a new pathway for humanity. Imagine we are sacred, spiritual beings here for a much larger reason, serving a much higher purpose, a divine purpose. That's where we're going. They're called water carriers, domestics, 'gregarios', 'Sancho Panzas' of professional cycling. Always at the back of the group, with no right for a personal victory. These wonderful losers are the true warriors of professional cycling. A young man with a talent for music meets an aspiring singer, Apollonia, and finds that talent alone isn't all that he needs. An unhappy sanitation worker must face his worst fear after a curse from a raccoon turns him into a literal garbage man. Arturo, the successful owner of an art gallery, and Renzo, a talented but decadent painter, are old friends who cannot stop bickering. One day, Arturo comes up with a solution to all their problems, but the plan they concoct turns out to be crazier and riskier than they originally expected. Janine works in a bank giving credits to clients to buy houses and receives the offer of a promotion to work in a future branch in China for which she takes Mandarin classes. One night he travels from work to his home on the subway. There is attacked by two young delinquents a very old woman and Janine tries to avoid it. The young follow her and it is then that they steal and attack her sexually. After recovering from the blows and the anguish he gets up and sees his attackers raping a helpless young girl. Janine, instead of taking some initiative to stop them, flees home. From that situation her life is disrupted and her job promotion to China, her consolidated partner and her present as an independent woman become secondary and worthless issues. Janine lives in anguish and tormented by the memory of that traumatic situation. To try to recompose himself, he travels to the countryside to see his father who is a widower and is trying to rebuild his life after the death of his wife. A political thriller steeped in illegal oil trading, the Russian Mafia, and governmental cover-ups. Bernand Frederic is a mediocre bank executive. He's married and has a son. He used to have another profession: being French star Claude Francois. Now, with the Imitators Gala Night coming up, he must choose between his wife or the only thing that makes him happy: the applause.  A mild-mannered father is transformed into a killing machine after his family is torn apart by a violent act.  Konoko wakes up on the beach and goes looking for a barber to take out the bug stucking on her head. Doi, who will soon be a father, goes to make gloves for her wife as a gift, Kazuko wakes up at the theater, and goes home where she finds a blue monster. She goes to a shop to get rid of the monster. The story runs in the 1940s Mexico City. A schoolboy (Carlos) falls in love with his best friend's mother (Mariana). Carlos is impressed because this family is not like the ordinary mexican families of the time, because they have many expensive American things, although they are not rich. The drama begins when Carlos gets out of school to go to declare his love to Mariana, and is discovered by his teachers. Documentary film exploring the lives of the people at the flashpoint of the LA riots, 25 years after the uprising made national headlines and highlighted the racial divide in America.  The tentative romance between a gentle Madrid labourer and a working single mother becomes a struggle for survival when the woman's violent boyfriend returns from prison, in the gritty, suspenseful debut feature from Spanish actor Raul Arevalo. Two of the female characters from Jerusalem (2003) appear in a new location: a black and white minimalist apartment. With the aid of drawings to illustrate their psychological probing, the ladies perform basic physical repetitions and frozen poses while being captured on video and re-lensed through low-fi cyan solariziations. Layered stereo monologues speak of their continuing personal explorations into the science-fiction dream-symbol terrain of their private histories. A movie quintessential to Wiszniewski's artistic output. Its protagonist, Bernard Budgol, is a miner and a legendary leader of socialist labour in the 40s and 50s. Structured around a dissonance and contradiction, the film is reminiscent of a broken mirror. Budgol's utterances do not for a cohesive whole, but come into conflict with one another. His wife, children and fellow miners tend to be critical of him while the protagonist himself feels compelled to defend his legend and the rightousness of his own conduct. (FILMAFFINITY) Over two hours of music &amp; documentary footage, including "Dog Problems" in its entirety. A disembodied brain and an artificial intelligence tasked with running remote viewing experiments embark on an unusual odyssey. Employees at a Bennigan's-like restaurant (called, creatively enough, Shenanigan's), kill time before their real lives get started. But while they wait, they'll have to deal with picky customers who want their steak cooked to order and enthusiastic managers who want to build the perfect wait staff. Luckily, these employees have effective revenge tactics. Add Synopsis Having escaped years of imprisonment, vampire warrioress Selene finds herself in a changed world where humans have discovered the existence of both Vampire and Lycan clans and are conducting an all-out war to eradicate both immortal species. Now Selene must battle the humans and a frightening new breed of super Lycans to ensure the death dealers' survival. Hans calls his girlfriend Heinz, which tells you everything you need to know about their relationship. They're a typical couple who're stuck in a rut after eight years. Hans works at a copy shop and Heinz is an actress relegated to voicing a cartoon stoplight. On their anniversary, they go to the movies. It's a romance. But the spark on screen just doesn't strike them. When Hans gives Heinz's ex her phone number instead of putting up a fight over her, Heinz' alarm bells go off: How can this be love? They decided to make a list of everything than makes up a real love: Romance, desire, passion, jealousy, drama - deep feelings, in other words. Hans and Heinz methodically start checking off their list and realize: Real life is nothing like the movies. Winner of four Academy Awards, including Best Picture and Best Actor, Sir Laurence Olivier's Hamlet continues to be the most compelling version of Shakespeare's beloved tragedy. Olivier is at his most inspired--both as director and as the melancholy Dane himself--as he breathes new life into the words of one of the world's greatest dramatists. Deadly Dinner Date is a comedy about Steve, a 24 year old nerdy guy always screws things up when he goes on dates. He has an unusual ability to rewind back time. In order impress Stephanie, a young pretty girl, he must use his power, but to do so, he must pay a painful price. Sibling rivalry abounds in this film about two privileged brothers, Anwar and Nawab, and the women who come between them. Nawab, although a married man and father, engages in frequent secret rendezvous with his mistress, Benazir. Meanwhile, Anwar declares his love for a woman named Shahida, whom he desires to wed. So when Nawab witnesses Anwar in the arms of the lovely Benazir, he's outraged -- and puzzled -- by the brotherly betrayal. Abortionist Vera Drake finds her beliefs and practices clash with the mores of 1950s Britain - a conflict that leads to tragedy for her family. As an older man, the Apostle John was sentenced to forced labor on the Island of Patmos. God honored John with His visions, faithfully transcribed to become the Book of Revelation. A group of young actors plays a reality show in a theater. Fiction imposes itself cruelly on reality while the characters devour their performers little by little. A labyrinth between the real and fictitious in which only one can remain. In Buenos Aires, a few days before traveling to Spain with his beloved wife Liliana Rovira to visit their son Pedro, the leftist Literature professor Fernando Robles is compulsory retired in the University, and he concludes that it is impossible to live with his pension. The crisis in Argentina does not allow Fernando to get a new job, and his wife decides to sell her family's apartment and move to a small farm near Villa Dolores to reduce their expenses. Fernando comes up with the idea to grow lavender and sell the oil to the perfume industry. A tour through some of the main festivities, carnivals, sports and casual events that we celebrate in Puerto Rico.  The 2017 edition of the yearly musical show produced by Banco Popular.  Just as he is preparing for his daughter's wedding, a veteran policeman is assigned to a crack team transporting a Pakistani secret agent to trial. A man is stopped by a humanitarian salesperson on the street with a slightly different agenda. no overview Lolita is a bearer of two cultures, her mother is Russian, and her father is Azerbaijani. This is a subtle and piercing story about how a ten-year-old girl first travels to Azerbaijan to get acquainted with her father's parents. She wants to learn as much as possible about the traditions, culture and customs of her Azerbaijani relatives. Her first acquaintance with Azerbaijan is the subject of this documentary. A documentary about three artists (Don Davis, Charles Lindsay, Rick Guidice) and their work with NASA. A man is haunted by a murder he's committed. Unraveling one of the biggest environmental scandals of our time, a group of citizens in West Virginia take on a powerful corporation after they discover it has knowingly been dumping a toxic chemical -- now found in the blood of 99.7% of Americans -- into the local drinking water supply. As a young man, Kailash Satyarthi promised himself that he would end child slavery in his lifetime. In the decades since, he has rescued more than eighty thousand children and built a global movement. This intimate and suspenseful film follows one man's journey to do what many believed was impossible. Gloria Allred overcame trauma and personal setbacks to become one of the nation's most famous women's rights attorneys. Now the feminist firebrand takes on two of the biggest adversaries of her career, Bill Cosby and Donald Trump, as sexual violence allegations grip the nation and keep her in the spotlight. Only one month left until the premiere of The Golden Time, the long-awaited solo show by acclaimed actress Robertina. Far from focused on the preparations for this new production, Robertina lives in a state of continuous anxiety that turns her privileged life into an absurd and tumultuous landscape. How does a nation survive being swallowed by the sea? Kiribati, on a low-lying Pacific atoll, will disappear within decades due to rising sea levels, population growth, and climate change. This exploration of how to migrate an entire nation with dignity interweaves personal stories of survival and resilience. Dive into the hidden industry of digital cleaning, which rids the Internet of unwanted violence, porn and political content. Who is controlling what we see...and what we think? A group of Israelis and Palestinians come together in Oslo for an unsanctioned peace talks during the 1990s in order to bring peace to the Middle East. The lives of four Syrian families, resettled in Baltimore and under a deadline to become self-sufficient in eight months. A bullied student sees visions of a rabbit he was forced to kill as a child, and those visions propel him into a state where his imagination causes him to carry out violent acts. Ten-year-old Flynn McGarry transforms his living room into a supper club using his classmates as line cooks. Achieving sudden fame, Flynn outgrows his bedroom kitchen and sets out to challenge the hierarchy of the culinary world. Girl next door, activist, so-called traitor, fitness tycoon, Oscar winner: Jane Fonda has lived a life of controversy, tragedy and transformation - and she's done it all in the public eye. An intimate look at one woman's singular journey. A chronicle of the final chapters of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.'s life, revealing a conflicted leader who faced an onslaught of criticism from both sides of the political spectrum. German is a young artist and filmmaker striving to complete his first feature film, while plagued by the ghost of a long-lost love and a battle for creative control with his producers. An underground trivia legend in NYC lives in the shadows. He faces a mysterious unbeaten game show from his past when he battles his rival to reclaim the greatness he once had. In the film that launched the James Bond saga, Agent 007 battles mysterious Dr. No, a scientific genius bent on destroying the U.S. space program. As the countdown to disaster begins, Bond must go to Jamaica, where he encounters beautiful Honey Ryder, to confront a megalomaniacal villain in his massive island headquarters. Towards the end of the eighth century, an architect journeys across the lower Himalayas in search of the perfect site for constructing a temple, not merely as a place of worship but as a monumental record crystallizing the collective accomplishment of a civilization.  Indian Army Captain Amar Kumar lives with his father, Ram, and mother, Saraswati. Ram has been associated with top freedom fighters during India's struggle for independence from the British. Almost all of these freedom fighters had taken advantage of their involvement and have taken up important positions in India's administration, and these include Jagrathan, and Mohanlal. While others like Vaisakh Ansari and Ram have chosen not to. A story of a family and youth set in Bukhara at the end of nineties. A group of young horror fans go searching for a film that mysteriously vanished years ago but instead find that the demented killer from the movie is real, and he's thrilled to meet fans who will die gruesomely for his art. In Florida, parents can hire Wrinkles the Clown to scare their misbehaving children. Xiaozhen used to be a pure, kind-hearted Christian, who always treated her friends sincerely. However, when it was to their benefit, her former friends became her enemies. After suffering this tragedy, Xiaozhen was forced to abandon her true heart and her former principles. She began to betray her own good conscience and good spirit, and wallowed in the mire of the evil world. ... As she fell from grace and walked a path of depravity, she was trampled by the world and became riddled with scars and bruises. She had reached a dead end, and at her point of despair when she had given up all hope, Almighty God's sincere call finally awakened Xiaozhen's heart and spirit ... Matt Lee Whitlock, respected chief of police in small Banyan Key, Florida, must solve a vicious double homicide before he himself falls under suspicion. Matt Lee has to stay a few steps ahead of his own police force and everyone he's trusted in order to find out the truth. Laali and Ladoo get trapped in a royal wedding that takes place in Vadodara. A collector, a cop and a minister want to displace a community of tribal people from their mountain homes for their personal gains. A magnificent love story that tests the emotional strength of true love when it is pitted against the brutal force of the martial art, Kalaripayittu. Roger Rabbit struggles to keep wandering Baby Herman safe in an amusement park where the usual havoc ensues. The whole family is at the beach for an outing, and each is having their own little adventure. The Captain fights the sun with his beach umbrella, in an attempt to nap. Grandpa tries to build a sand castle, but the waves keep wiping it out. Mama, after trying to defend her picnic basket, tries dipping a cautious toe into the big bad ocean, eventually needing to be rescued by the Captain. Successful Atlanta rap artist Cory Masters is late for his own surprise birthday party. While his friends anxiously await his arrival, each one individually addresses their own existential crisis. As the night drags on, hilarity ensues amongst the party-goers as they ponder life, careers, and relationships with Cory.  The true story of Ruth Gordon's early struggles on the road to stage stardom. What the movie has in store for you, wait and watch this space for more updates. Brad is about to hook up with the girl of his dreams, but runs into a problem, no condom. So Brad sets out into the night to find one, running into many obstacles along the way, while not knowing his best friend, Leah is in love with him. King Arthur, accompanied by his squire, recruits his Knights of the Round Table, including Sir Bedevere the Wise, Sir Lancelot the Brave, Sir Robin the Not-Quite-So-Brave-As-Sir-Lancelot and Sir Galahad the Pure. On the way, Arthur battles the Black Knight who, despite having had all his limbs chopped off, insists he can still fight. They reach Camelot, but Arthur decides not  to enter, as "it is a silly place". It's Nithiin and Megha Akash's upcoming film. The film is directed by Krishna Chaitanya. Pawan Kalyan Creative Works banner and Sreshth Movies banner are the producers. Thaman .S scored the music. Arjun is a software engineer working in Kolkata. He loves Sweety right from his childhood and he finds it so difficult to forget her. He comes to Machavaram village for her and befriend her as childhood friend. They both get along well and after series of incidents she also falls for him and she cancels her marriage with her brother in law. This is the time where Arjun leaves the village and sends Sweety a video message and says he don't want marriage with her. What is the reason for him to do so? What happens after that? A high-school girl makes a wish to marry her crush, the star of the football team who doesn't even know she's alive. Then a solar eclipse magically transports them 17 years into the future to the day of their wedding. What the movie has in store for you, wait and watch this space for more updates. An erotic drama. Yuki has a part-time job called "self-rental" for customer complaints and consultations. One day, Yuki invites Teruo, who she knows since college, to the work on "self rental". A group of young women, all friends, gather for a formal dinner party. Soon the discussion gets around to their favorite sexual fantasies.  Welcome to The Dinner Party. This erotic feast is an orgy for the eyes!  Boy fulfills dream of becoming a football star.  Charan and Pallavi are software engineers, married to each other and leading seemingly happy lives. But what outsiders don't know is that Charan and Pallavi have squabbles all the time, owing to her job and not having time for the family. And then there's the creepy security guard who fantasizes about Pallavi all the time. Things take turn for the worse when there's a murder. Telugu mystery film is about a man search the secrets of his pasts. Pakka Plan 2016 Telugu Movie A bitter stand-up comic who discovers that he's HIV positive makes a deal with the devil to perform three deeds in exchange for becoming HIV negative again. An examination of the romantic life of a young man in New York City and his sometimes fleeting, sometimes profound experiences with the women he encounters. When a woman learns that her husband married her for her money, she decides to divorce him. The impossible love between one prostitute, managing a bunch of handicapped prostitutes, and the homosexual Adamo. In the horrible suburb of Napoli we can follow among fantasy, mythology and reality the absurd life of the protagonists. Tharisu Nilam is a Tamil movie released on 10 Nov, 2017. The movie is directed by T. Rangarajan. Thappattam is a Tamil movie released on 24 August, 2017. The movie is directed by S. Mujibur Rahman and featured Dona Rozario as lead characters. A cop is asked to investigate a suspicious death. What complicates the matter is the appearance of the 'ghost' of the victim in the various places he visits! Savarikkadu is a Tamil movie starring Robo Shankar and Swathi in prominent roles. The cast also includes Soori and Alva Vasu. It is a drama directed by MN Krishnakumar with A. T. Indiravarman as the music composer, forming part of the crew . Story about friendship and love. Half a century after his death, Le Corbusier, the greatest exponent of modern architecture, arrives by train to the city of La Plata to visit the Curutchet house, the only work he carried out in Latin America and which he could not know in life. The film is at the same time a portrait of Elio Montes, a devoted architect of Le Corbusier who spends his days in charge of the guided visits of that house, waiting for the impossible.  Akhil shoots his girlfriend Nayana on camera while she is taking bath. Nayana finds about it and gets furious. Though Akhil deletes the video immediately, he later recovers it with the help of a recovery software as he wants to enjoy Nayana taking bath. The mobile gets lost and it travels via many pairs of hands. Finally Saran, a software professional, gets it. Akhil traces it and asks Saran to give back his mobile; Saran, who know about the bathing video contained in the mobile phone, puts a few demands to give it back. He wants Akhil to do certain things. What are the things demanded by Saran? Could Akhil do them and get his mobile back? Does Nayana know all these things? What happened to the love? Watch the movie to know the answers. Thanga Radham is a Tamil movie starring Aadithi Krishna and Aadukalam Naren in prominent roles. The cast also includes Vetri and Mottai Rajendran. It is a drama directed by P. Balamurugan. A boy grows up hating his brother and becomes an aid of a local don. The don's relative, however, hates him. Meanwhile, a cop is waiting to take down all three. Arasakulam a romantic thriller film directed by Kumar Maran, starring Rathan Mouli and Nayana Nair in the lead roles. It is about a boy from Trichy who is bent upon marrying a beautiful girl. His friends say that he can find attractive girls only in Chennai -- and hence he sets out in search of someone! The experiences he undergoes narrated in a hilarious way forms the rest of the movie. It starts with a director, cameraman, and music composer who go in search of a script, after finding a producer. Thriller Movie A young man who once dreamed of joining the police force becomes the leader of a gang of thieves. It's the rainy season in the Tibetan highlands. It's good for the crops, but bad for Wangdrak. He's the only boy in his village who doesn't own a pair of rain boots - and the other children tease him about it. His father has no money to buy any boots, plus he has other worries: there's a dispute among the farmers. Secretly, his mother swaps a goat skin for a new pair of light blue boots. But when Wangdrak proudly wears them to school the next day, the children laugh at him again because it has stopped raining and the sun is shining. At least Wangdrak can count on his best friend Lhamo. Set in the vast mountains of Tibet this film affectionately portrays the story of a young boy's dreams which are bound by the traditional structures of rural life. "An existential sugar shock which takes us on a fun, candy-filled roller-coaster ride between cruel violence and extreme cuteness - which prove to be disturbingly close together." (The production company's synopsis) The Ranger is throwing a big Halloween party and Buttons and Rusty wanna come, but instead they gotta thwart the evil plans of two criminals camping out in the park. Eddie Johnson is looking for a new line of work. He's a battle-scarred undercover cop, working in a universe where nothing seems to add up. It's Seattle's notorious Chinatown corridor, where women look like men, everyone has a hidden agenda, and anything that looks like salvation will probably pump you full of lead. When his partner is gunned down in a drug bust gone awry, Johnson is suspended for insubordination. But his thirst for the killer's trail remains at a lever pitch, especially when he meets Mai Lei (Gina Lim), the sexy assistant to an enigmatic preacher connected with murder. She's everything that Johnson wants; a pleasure-seeking jaguar who gets hotter near the smell of a Harley. Too bad she's a former hooker/assassin with a classified file at Army intelligence. Before he uncovers her deadly past, he'll undergo a major ATTITUDE adjustment. Fuyuki Shimazu, the cardboard picker and artist, creates wallets made from used cardboard, which he has gathered from 27 countries. His wallets travel around the world to advocate the concept of "upcycling," a thought process beyond simply recycling or re-use. Damien Nadeau-Daneau, a young filmaker, is unable to finish a movie he started with french actor Denis Lavant. Indebted, he's working at a post-production company, far from his artistic ideals. On the eve of his 33rd birthday, he is self-centered, unsatisfied, and lost in his own life. With no drama of his own, he is confronted with that of others who he meets over the course of his life. He will discover that reality is way more interesting than fiction. Directed by Akash Sudhakar. Soyan is a computer prodigy that works for a company he previously hacked. This online security firm runs covert activities for high-profile clients around the world. Loise is a cyber-detective who investigates war crimes for a human rights organization. She is obsessed with the truth. Loise and Soyan meet on a rooftop and bond together through a virtual chess game. But Soyan's employer, Russel Belial, has asked him to protect the same arms-dealer that Loise is determined to help to capture. What is Soyan's real goal? Who will call the game now? Loise and Soyan embark upon an intense but dangerous romance. After being in a virtual world, will Soyan and Loise risk everything for true love? An experimental conclusion to Klopfensteins trilogy of walk-and-talk philosophical films, presented mostly in negative black-and-white pictures In the midst of an inclement summer, Tavo works as a pool in a country town in the Buenos Aires suburbs, forming a silent part of a landscape and a community that keeps him at bay for class reasons. Following the news of a heinous tragedy, a young woman searches the streets for her missing brother, the person accused of committing the incident. Unaware of his true status or location, he finds himself in the employ of an underground fighting ring using inmates like him to entertain wealthy clients, eventually moving up the ranks of the fighters quite quickly. Eventually frustrated at the lack of information from the investigation, she turns to a detective to help him, but with a dangerous socialite also looking into the club they try to push their rescue efforts into high gear into order to save her brother. Sri Sivasakthi Marriamman Movies announced the movie titled "Kadavulukku Nandri" who directed by Pon Magesh. Staring Magesh, Mounika, Kottachi, Sarvesh, yuva, Siva, Prakash, Pakkoda Pandi, and others. Music by maria manogar, cinematography by Chandransamy. The story of Imam Hossein's battle in Karbala, an unfair war which made one the most important effects in Islam history. Lured by the chance of being the protagonist of a documentary film, Buddha Dev, a 27 year old flamboyant cricketer from Goa, starts authorising unrestricted access into the most private parts of his life. In A New York Minute follows three Asian women, each at a different stage in their life as they deal with their own personal struggles. Amy is haunted by a past breakup that has manifested into an eating disorder. Angel is caught between a loveless marriage with an older American businessman and a passionate affair with Chinese filmmaker. Nina moonlights as an escort as a way of supporting herself financially. As the story unfolds, the film reveals each character's wants and desires is reflected in the other. A Serbian student film inspired by Sidney Lumet's "12 Angry Men". Ndola, Northern Rhodesia (currently Zambia), September 18th, 1961. Swedish Dag Hammarskjold, UN Secretary-General, mysteriously dies in a plane crash. Decades later, Danish journalist and filmmaker Mads Brugger and Swedish researcher Goran Bjorkdahl investigate the case looking for a definitive closure. Rabah is forced to take over custody of his son Cedrick. The boy has been mute since losing his mother. Despite the financial strain caused by his immigrant status and undeterred by his fraught relationship with his son, Rabah will manage to rebuild Cedrick's trust so they can be a family again. Maki has been on the streets a long time and is married to Mbingazor, the gang's boss. But at some point, the 19-year-old has had enough of this gang of boys, who are too busy getting high and drunk to do anything with themselves. Survival must be secured. The next time money for food runs out, Maki crosses paths with the much younger Acha. This newcomer is a fresh arrival in Kinshasa, and doesn't yet know the rules. Spurred on by Acha's beginner's luck as a thief, the pair set off on an adventure together, which soon arouses Mbingazor's jealousy. Four 21st century treasure seekers are transported back into the middle of a WWII battles in Soviet Union... A documentary exploring the origins and evolution of bucking, as well as the life stories and struggles of various Atlanta performers. Having escaped years of imprisonment, vampire warrioress Selene finds herself in a changed world where humans have discovered the existence of both Vampire and Lycan clans and are conducting an all-out war to eradicate both immortal species. Now Selene must battle the humans and a frightening new breed of super Lycans to ensure the death dealers' survival. Iddaram 2016 Telugu Movie Rajaratham is an Indian romantic comedy A Communist officer falls hard for a married woman trying to escape from Hungary. A group of existentially lost romantics attempt to find happiness by embracing a birthday. A three year self-described labour of love, 2040 takes the form of a visual letter from the filmmaker to his four-year-old daughter Velvet, showing her what the year 2040 could look like "if we simply embraced the best solutions that exist today."  The US President and the UK Prime Minister are planning on launching a war in the Middle East, but--behind the scenes--government officials and advisers are either promoting the war or are trying to prevent it. Travelling Alone is a movie about men. More precisely, it's about what's absolutely left to be said, on the social and artistic levels, about male sexuality. Travelling Alone is a cinematographic meditation on men and their libidos. This film tells the story of a man who brutally finds himself confronted with the vicissitudes of his own desire. Little boys are not taught that their virility, their capacity for turgescence, may one day go bankrupt. What happens then? What happens when a man, still young, discovers that his best years are behind him? That his life, from then on, will be an endless work of mourning his access to sexual pleasure? Such is the topic of Travelling Alone: a man who searches his past to find the first signs of what was going to be his fate as an adult. The unfinished Julien Gracq text, the road 1970, a forest near the sea,  the enigma of a trajectory,  by this text in this lanscape and this landscape in this text,  it's diging, since a double echo to a same root,  deep, invisible,  an absolute presence,  a stones fire,  then, text and landscape are foliage of the same language. Zain, a 12-year-old boy scrambling to survive on the streets of Beirut, sues his parents for having brought him into such an unjust world, where being a refugee with no documents means that your rights can easily be denied. Growing up can be a bumpy road, and it's no exception for Riley, who is uprooted from her Midwest life when her father starts a new job in San Francisco. Riley's guiding emotions-- Joy, Fear, Anger, Disgust and Sadness--live in Headquarters, the control centre inside Riley's mind, where they help advise her through everyday life and tries to keep things positive, but the emotions conflict on how best to navigate a new city, house and school. Tells the poignant chapter in the historic struggle to secure equal and adequate access to healthcare for all Americans. Central to the story is the tale of how a new national program, Medicare, was used to mount a dramatic, coordinated effort that desegregated thousands of hospitals across the country in a matter of months. A famous director is returning to Russia in order to stage the scandalous play but the real purpose of the trip is his old love... Fifty years after the events of May 68, Dany Cohn-Bendit and Romain Goupil have decided to start a journey across France. In this "road movie" they explore the territories - at times bewildering - of the Republic. Observing, listening, debating, discovering the state of the country. Its crises and its hopes. Its ordinary heroes, its gravediggers, its innovators...ON THE ROAD IN FRANCE or the tour and detours in France of two old children of 68. No overview found. A film by Bill Morrison. Girl Lost tackles the issue of underage prostitution as told through the eyes of a wayward teen. Groomed by her own mother to work in the underbelly of Los Angeles, the young girl struggles to survive in this dark world. Arthur is a grumpy pensioner who can't understand why his wife Marion would want to embarrass herself singing silly songs with her unconventional local choir. But choir director Elizabeth sees something special in the reluctant Arthur and refuses to give up on him. As she coaxes him out of his shell, Arthur realizes that it is never too late to change. A young business elite Xiaonian Zhong, was imprisoned in a house! Everyday, a mysterious man will reveal one of his darkest secrets to the world. At the same time, his wife, friends and business partners were all been dragged into this incident one after another. Being imprisoned, how will Zhong combat this challenging situation? How will he escape from the house and fight the mysterious man and complete the salvation? An anthology of four stories that sheds light on modern relationships from the viewpoint of the Indian woman. A masochistic cop, who hides her predilection from her cop husband, gets involved in pursuing a kidnapper nicknamed Harry for Harry Houdini    Deep in the mountains, hidden in a forest, there is a village populated only by women who ran away from home to commit suicide in the area. It was founded by Onikuma, a strong-willed yet kind-hearted mother and village head-woman who fled from the city with her daughter, Kagu who was 14-years-old and pregnant with the titular Kushina. Thomas and Francis kidnap Wilfrid, the owner of a carwash. Surprisingly, he is delighted with being kidnapped, this company that imposes itself on him comes to brighten his own lonely life. Kasal is a slice of life drama of a gay couple whose resolve to stay together is challenged as they attend a wedding. It also is an examination on how a gay couple navigates through the different institutions in Philippine society. An emotionally damaged couple try to survive a viral outbreak on an isolated farm. Directed by Olivier Fouchard. Psychiatrist Dr. Lila Colleti is divorcing her husband and is devastated when he wins custody of their two little girls, whom he gets largely because Lila's job, being a psychiatrist for the criminally insane at the local prison, is a potentially dangerous one that forces her to keep long, erratic hours. When one of Lila's patients, Ed Baikman, is released into a half-way house, he decides under the delusional influence of his psychosis to help her out by murdering her ex-husband and his girlfriend, and then threatening to tell the cops they'd planned it together when she refuses to become romantically involved with him. Though Lila's lover, police detective Macy Kobacek, stands by her loyally, Baikman does such an ingenious job of implicating Lila in the crime that even Macy begins to have his doubts about Lila's innocence The story about a teen that falls in love and discovers his life is about to change. a film about wanting something and fighting to make it happen.  A paradise is emerging on earth. It is neither a dream nor a utopian delusion but an opportunity for a new kind of society. A step beyond the human as it has been known. A step we don't dare to consummate. Adam wants to prove that he can succeed alone, falls victim to a sting and loses all his money. He is too proud to ask his friends for help and pushes them away. Only after tracing the sources of the sting and discovering that the gang is planning a similar fate for his two friends, he joins forces with Shahar and Pita and together they fight back. The patients and staff of a secluded heroin treatment center must do battle with more than their own demons as a mysterious killer begins picking them off one-by-one. Band of Bearded Brothers is narrated by former Red Sox first baseman and 2004 World Series champion Kevin Millar. With exclusive, behind other scenes footage and never-before-seen highlights, the film showcases how the 2013 Boston Red Sox overcame adversities and developed into a personality-driven, resilient team. This 81-minute film - produced by Major League Baseball Productions in association with NESN, the official network of the Boston Red Sox - provides untold stories that formed this team's unique identity and helped restore the faith of Red Sox Nation. Experimental film by Stan AbsurDovv Denise, an orphaned girl, moves to Paris where she hopes to find work at her uncle's store. But the glamorous department store 'Aux Bonheur des Dames' across the street crunches all the little businesses around. She finds a position there. The film follows the life of famous 1970s runner Steve Prefontaine from his youth days in Oregon to the University of Oregon where he worked with the legendary coach Bill Bowerman, later to Olympics in Munich and his early death at 24 in a car crash. Lin Gewei, the daughter of Chinese rich merchant Lin Jiahao, and his colleagues came to the beautiful and mysterious Golden Triangle area for an interview. Lin Gezhen is a famous reporter from overseas Chinese. During the interview, I accidentally photographed a murderous drug trafficking incident by a gang of evil forces. Lin Ge's professional habits made her always want to understand the ins and outs of this incident. I found that the evil forces had no evil, and when they got some evidence, they were caught by the evil gangs. Lin Geling's father was very angry and worried about the news. He urgently summoned his bodyguard team to pick out five elites to go to the rescue. The rescue process was very difficult. Fortunately, the leaders received strong support to rescue the songs and other victims. The evil gang was executed, justice defeated the evil, and the Golden Triangle region was peaceful and the people were harmonious. A haunted doll teaches one little girl why children shouldn't play with undead things. No overview found.  The film tells the saga of Guima, a young poet who believes he suffers from "solar ultra violence" during the hottest summer in 50 years in Salvador. The alleged disease is caused by the relentless heat that hits the city. Under the marginal eyes of Guima, in a mix of reality and fantasy, the film presents a tropical/chaotic Salvador, as opposed to the stereotypical city seen in postcards, on a journey of a search for a redemptive air conditioning that can rid this contemporary antihero of what suffocates his existence. A young woman in a decaying apartment complex finds herself seeing worms and moths everywhere, bursting out of beetles, animals, and people, and sets out to find how this is related to a rash of murders across the city. While the audience watches a black and white horse opera, a narrator's voice wonders what such a movie would be like today. Rex O'Herlehan, The Singing Cowboy, finds himself in color and enters a cliche ridden town, in which the evil cattle baron (Andy Griffith) and the new Italian cowboys (who always wear raincoats no matter how hot it gets) join forces to get him and the sheep ranchers to leave. An old Italian immigrant, owner of a wig shop, performs endless parties animated by a soundtrack of doubles to show that it is still in force since its apogee in the dictatorship. The transition between this vertigo and the later solitude of its protagonist is the inspiration to portray a world with two faces.  A high-school track star (Nick Stahl) watches without judgment as his two best friends (Summer Phoenix, Aaron Paul) abuse heroin. A crew of savvy former strip club employees band together to turn the tables on their Wall Street clients. Miki, Yuto, Hiroko, Naoki and Kota have been friends since they were little. They all graduated from high school. They have dreams about their future as well as anxiety. Miki's father goes missing with her college admission fee. Yuto has discord with his father who runs an auto repair shop. Yuto happens to get involved in a crime. Hiroko wants to marry her boyfriend, but she also distrusts him. Naoki and Kota have their own worries. These five friends think about themselves for the first time. Facing the hardships of life in one of Rio's most conflict ridden favelas, More Earth Will Fall is the universal story of the love between one family and their painful struggle for a better life. Given extraordinary access over three years, this documentary offers a rare insight into what life is like for those caught in the middle of Brazil's poverty and violence 15-year-old Maddie Stone rules her school yard under the protection of her family name. But after discovering her notorious father has been arrested, she has to make his bail money or lose the yard. The more Maddie fights, the more her world spirals out of control - and the closer she gets to becoming the man she's trying to save. When 18-year-old Sam begins a no-strings-attached summer fling with uninhibited older woman Mary, it seems like the perfect relationship. But after Mary begins using him to make her uptight police officer husband John jealous, he becomes an unwilling pawn in a dangerous emotional game. Can Sam avoid John's wrath, or will he pay the ultimate price for giving in to his carnal desires? 1) globalization of violence, violence of globalization? 2) serial killers, social killers? 3) a mine in brazil some murders in new york others in miami how are they connected? 4) "who's putting dynamite at the head of the century" asks tom ze -singing- at the end of the film 5) "cobrador - in god we trust" is an invitation to search the answers to these questions. "cobrador - in god we trust" is an attempt to find the answers to these questions Fioravante decides to become a professional Don Juan as a way of making money to help his cash-strapped friend, Murray. With Murray acting as his "manager", the duo quickly finds themselves caught up in the crosscurrents of love and money. A 35-minute Dragon Ball animated short film that premiered at the Jump Super Anime Tour in September 2008. It is the first animated Dragon Ball feature in twelve years, following the tenth anniversary film The Path to Power. Jack Harper is one of the last few drone repairmen stationed on Earth.  Part of a massive operation to extract vital resources after decades of war with a terrifying threat known as the Scavs, Jack's mission is nearly complete.  His existence is brought crashing down when he rescues a beautiful  stranger from a downed spacecraft.  Her arrival triggers a chain of events that  forces him to question everything he knows and puts the fate of humanity in his hands. When terrorists threaten nuclear catastrophe, the world's only hope is to reactivate decommissioned Universal Soldier Luc Deveraux. Rearmed and reprogrammed, Deveraux must take on his nemesis from the original Universal Soldier and a next-generation "UniSol". A chinese spy finds himself inexplicably living and dying the same day over and over again.  The events in Sarajevo in June 1914 are the backdrop for a thriller directed by Andreas Prochaska and written by Martin Ambrosch, focusing on the examining magistrate Dr. Leo Pfeffer (Florian Teichtmeister) investigating the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand. Trying to do his job in a time of lawlessness and violence, intrigues and betrayal, Leo struggles to maintain his integrity and save his love, Marija, and her father, prominent Serbian merchant. But the events of Sarajevo have set into motion an inescapable course of events that will escalate to become ... the Great War. How much strength of spirit does it require to remain truly independent in old age? Ken Smith is a hermit recovering from a stroke in an urban hospital, with determination to return to his off-grid woodland, despite concern from the medical service. High profile fashion photographer Scott Bruin has been suffering from a series of increasingly disturbing and violent dreams in which he savagely attacks and murders a young woman. Fearing for his sanity, Scott begins to investigate these strange visions but slowly starts to believe that these all-too-real seeming nightmares might not be dreams after all and that the woman in them is in imminent danger.  Colonel Vallejos is the name of the village where Manuel Puig develops the story of his novels "La traicion de Rita Hayworth" and "Boquitas pintadas". Vallejos is a sour postcard of every town in the Buenos Aires pampa Puig portrayed with singular mastery, based on their own land, General Villegas.  However, a disabled woman who travels in a wheelchair, owner of a past painful and enigmatic, builds a bridge between the Puig Vallejos-Villegas, trying to reconcile the place with the writer.  An introverted extrovert tries to replicate a chance encounter with his dream girl. Two part-time workers at a scrap yard run get into a high debt, they plan a car theft to fix the problem. But they find a woman tied-up both hands and feet inside the car they were supposed to steal Chinese film directed by Wenji Teng. Money and family ties come into conflict on New Year's Eve when CuiYing's younger sister, Huang CuiNa, drops by, demanding repayment of a debt. The ensuing commotion prompts CuiYing's elder son, Jian FanCheng, to call the police, and the entire family ends up spending New Year's Eve at the police station. Everyday Maneuver is a video that presents the viewer with an unrealistic scenery. Shot from a drone, it shows a city at daytime, but there isn't a single human being in it. What seems disconnected from everyday life, and as artificial as a landscape created with computer graphics, is in fact a recording that was made during one of the annual "Wanan Air Raid Drills" that have been implemented in Taiwan since 1978. King Leontes of Bohemia suspects his wife, Hermione, and his friend, Polixenes, of betraying him. When he forces Polixenes to flee for his life, Leontes sets in motion a chain of events that lead to death, a ferocious bear, an infant left in the snow, young love, and a statue coming to life. A second generation cameraman in Australia finds evidence that his father had filmed a nuclear test that allowed aboriginies to be exposed to and killed by radiation. He begins a search for a secret that if true, his government has already killed people to keep quiet. Wealthy American, Jervis Pendleton has a chance encounter at a French orphanage with a cheerful 18-year-old residen, and anonymously pays for her education at a New England college. She writes letters to her mysterious benefactor regularly, but he never writes back. Several years later, he visits her at school, while still concealing his identity, and--despite their large age difference--they soon fall in love. A showman introduces a small coastal town to a unique movie experience and capitalises on the Cuban Missile crisis hysteria with a kitschy horror extravaganza combining film effects, stage props and actors in rubber suits in this salute to the B-movie. Giseon works as an administrator at a high school. He begins to nurture an interest in Jinsu, a student on the soccer team. He asks him how his soccer practices are, and whether there are any problems in school. He even visits him at home. Giseon's ex Hyejin quits her job and gets busy remodeling her mother's small restaurant. The stories of Giseon and Hyejin run parallel, and they reappear after some time has passed. Giseon has quit working at the school and is writing for a private newsletter. He is writing a story on a delivery driver, Hyeonsu. Kevin Ogar, a gifted athlete destined for greatness, suddenly finds himself paralyzed from the waist down, his dreams shattered. He fights to survive, then to build a new life, even daring to pursue his dream job-a job nobody in a wheelchair has ever attained or even attempted Fantastic Story   A troubled art curator is forced to seek professional help and is unknowingly manipulated by her therapist into being his replacement test subject.   Sara and Ryo have been going out for 5 years. They take a trip from Tokyo to nearby Atami in November of 2017. Ryo is 28 years old and is getting ready for married life, but Sara isn't into the idea. More than antipathy to marriage, she resists the nebulous existence of  the future itself. When the government puts all its rotten criminal eggs in one airborne basket, it's asking for trouble. Before you can say, "Pass the barf bag," the crooks control the plane, led by creepy Cyrus "The Virus" Grissom. Watching his every move is the just-released Cameron Poe, who'd rather reunite with his family. Zehan, a successful TV producer, and Arman, a young food entrepreneur, embark on their romantic honeymoon in Shiraz. But as soon as they arrive in Shiraz, both encounter a series of unfortunate events beyond their control. It is during their honeymoon their fairytale romance starts to crack as their marriage is put to test. Will they get along with each other and come home with their marriage intact? A subtly nuanced drama that explores the toll that physical and mental illness can have on a family. The life story of Italian violinist and composer, Niccolo Paganini, who rose to fame as a virtuoso in the early 19th Century. Psychiatrist Sam Foster has a new patient, Henry Letham, who claims to be suicidal. In trying to diagnose him, Sam visits Henry's prior therapist and also finds Henry's mother -- even though Henry has said that he murdered both of his parents. As reality starts to contradict fact, Sam spirals into an unstable mental state. Then he finds a clue as to how and when Henry may try to kill himself, and races to try to stop him. Hosei, a 22-years-old man tries luck Kabukicho. The area is a red-light district in Shinjuku, Tokyo. There, he meets Rumi (Aoi Yoshikura) who works at a hostess bar and falls in love with her at first sight. He learns that she suffers violence from Takashi who works at the same bar. Hosei tries to help Rumi escape from her situation. A look at menstruations, the stereotypes that surround them and their financial and psychological costs A newly married couple comes face to face with unexpected situations which put their relationship in jeopardy. The film revolves around them trying to resolve their differences along with fighting the spirit causing them. After suffering a tragic loss, a grief-stricken young woman named Autumn is forced down an absurd-existential rabbit hole where she is haunted by a mysterious presence. From there, her life takes turn after turn as she is sent into anxiety and paranoia by way of a grieving father, unanswered questions from her friend's death, and the future she truly desires. A man watches his life unravel after he is left by his blind girlfriend.  The film is a travel movie which revolves around two characters, Abirami (Archana) and Rahul (Rohit) and plots the happenings in the life of the protagonists from morning to evening on that particular day. Thomas Keating: A Rising Tide of Silence is a reflective portrait of Father Thomas Keating, one of today's most influential spiritual leaders. Interweaving historical footage, interviews, and extensive conversations with Father Thomas, the film traces his spiritual journey from an affluent, well-connected New York City childhood, to an austere Trappist monastic life, to his rise through the Order, and his election as Abbot of St. Joseph's Abby in 1961. In the early 1970's Father Thomas introduced Eastern religious practices to the monks and became one of the originators of Centering Prayer. A renowned theologian and author of more than 30 books, Father Thomas Keating is widely recognized for his ecumenical approach to spirituality. For those who encounter him, his example is a moving modern journey of faith. A divorced couple have to go on a trip for the mental health of their only daughter after three years. During the trip, the truth of their past lives are revealed, facts that have led to their separation. The health of their child hangs in the balance as they continue their confrontations, potentially jeopardising their new relationships and their futures.  Four fearless adventurers mount their vintage motorcycles and set off on a challenging ride through America's most beautiful landscapes The characters we met a little more than a decade ago return to East Great Falls for their high-school reunion. In one long-overdue weekend, they will discover what has changed, who hasn't, and that time and distance can't break the bonds of friendship. The deep conversation between a Japanese architect and a French actress forms the basis of this celebrated French film, considered one of the vanguard productions of the French New Wave. Set in Hiroshima after the end of World War II, the couple -- lovers turned friends -- recount, over many hours, previous romances and life experiences. The two intertwine their stories about the past with pondering the devastation wrought by the atomic bomb dropped on the city. Six strangers confront their uniquely 21st century anxieties with the help of a sorcerer in this playful performance art consciousness-bender-cum-ghost story about the search for meaning in the age of social media. Dan Ward, reformed and last member of an outlaw family, meets Molly Clark in a rocky draw near town. Ted Wells, a henchman for Dan's enemy Jim Swain, attempts to shoot Dan but is outdrawn and killed by the latter. Molly disappears and Dan learns that she and Wells had ridden there together. Sheriff Bob Larimer tells Dan that Molly is in love with Bert Gilmore and tried to have him ambushed. Dan takes a risky job with mine owner Pember of getting the $10,000 payroll through to the mine. Swain suspects that Dan is carrying the payroll, but his gang is unable to stop Dan. Betty Pember disregards Dan's warning that the hills are filled with Swain's men and she starts for town. She is kidnapped by Gilmore and Molly and Dan ride to her rescue. Baha'a is ready to leave the wartorn city of Aleppo to return to his hometown. He and his fellow travellers are forced to stop their journey because of clashes ahead. Complete strangers are stuck with each other, trying to bring life back to a village that has been destroyed and to wait out the war. Will it ever end? Peter and Katherine Witner are Southern California super-yuppies with great jobs but no center to their lives. When they both lose their jobs and begin marital infidelities, their solution is to start their own business together. In order to find meaning to their empty lives, they follow various New Age gurus and other such groups. Eventually, they hit rock bottom and have to make some hard decisions The Game of Life presents four episodes taking place over a stormy night at the annual party of a Sports Center. Each vignette presents characters playing and chatting, waiting for something to happen and trying to reflect on "What does it mean to be a winner at the game of life?". Drifting clouds. They are not nice little clouds that invite us to interpret them symbolically; rather they are poisonous and unhealthy clusters, a skin rash of the sky, an impenetrable gray curtain of smog. This is a trailer of impressive tranquility and simplicity. A second look, however, opens up new dimensions: Are there not - as so often the case in Gehr's work - unsuspected, amorphous forms that manifest themselves? Has an event scurried quickly past us while we were still busy discovering the mysterious in the seemingly obvious? In fact, these are two trailers in one: a palimpsest of the cinematographic pleasure of mystification. On Christmas Eve, young Clara is panicked by the prospect of a new stepmother and flees to the woods on a journey of self-discovery where snowy magic helps her reconcile with her mother's death. What seems to be the story of a promising young artist, Tito Lombana, and that of his romance with an intelligent and liberal Italian, begins to dress in shadows. Why the most famous work of Lombana, "The old shoes" (in Cartagena), is not accredited to his name? What is the reason for the taboo that covers it in your own family? The granddaughter of the artist explores the life of his grandfather without sparing himself uncomfortable questions. Through the testimonies of his wife, his family and the people who knew him, the character reveals his folds...  From FICCI ETOILES: DANCERS OF THE PARIS OPERA BALLET celebrates the legacy one of the best ballet companies in the world by weaving together rehearsals, tour snapshots and performances of classical ballets such as Swan Lake and La Sylphide, as well as contemporary works such as Maurice Bejart's Ninth Symphony, Jiri Kylian's Doux Mensonge (Sweet Lies) and Pierre Darde's Orison. Celebrated filmmaker Nils Tavernier endeavors to understand the psychology of dance by talking candidly with some of the biggest stars in dance today. The film also features interviews with the dancers who explain how and why they endure the emotional and physical hardships of their profession in their intense drive to be on stage. Tom Smothers stars as the brave mountie, who along with his trusty horse and bitter deputy Paul Reubens must track down a killer who is stalking coeds at a nearby cheerleader camp. While newspaper writer Church struggles with the death of his wife, he receives a "special" assignment. He must answer a little girl's question about whether Santa Claus really exists. Innocent girl starts working as a secretary in an office. Soon she finds out a hole in the wall through which she can see the action in the next apartment, where a prostitute meets her bizarre clients. Character study of a Doctor who saves a local criminal from a mob who are trying to hang him, but then tries to control the life of the young man, realising that he can exploit his secret. A comedy based loosely on My Cousin Vinny A backstage and on-stage look at Justin Bieber during his rise to super stardom. One of the strongest examples of Israeli cinematic storytelling in recent years. Zuhara is on her way to her younger sister's wedding, when she picks up Neriman, a young Bedouin hitchhiker escaping from an arranged marriage. As she unintentionally becomes an accomplice in Neriman's struggle, Zuhara must confront her conflicted feelings toward her estrangement from her own family. Director Rony Sasson Angel sensitively evokes moving drama through the characters' quiet exchanges, while building to a powerful climax. Stars Hila Vidor and Maisa Abed Elhadi make the tension and camaraderie between these two strangers palpable and touching. A deeply-poignant and visually-striking road movie. Offbeat documentarian Chris Smith provides a behind-the-scenes look at how Jim Carrey adopted the persona of idiosyncratic comedian Andy Kaufman on the set of Man on the Moon. Simon Rattle and the Berlin Philharmonic set off fireworks of good humour and a contagious musical spirit at the traditional New Year's Eve Concert in 2002. Simon Rattle chose Leonard Bernstein's brilliant and entertaining musical comedy, Wonderful Town, for his first New Year's Eve Concert with the Berlin Philharmonic. Conductor and orchestra - both rank among the best in the world - joined forces with Broadway stars Kim Criswell and Audra McDonald and famous baritone Thomas Hampson. The audience enjoyed a great show full of dancing, choruses, fascinating light design and - above all - intoxicating music. The exuberant atmosphere of this event culminated in an overwhelming encore with the musicians and audience dancing through the hall! This video captures the atmosphere right in the middle of orchestra, singers and audience and recreates a wonderful night on the town. Drago Habjan is a pigeon breeder of the old school. At the age of six, when he saw his first carrier pigeon, he fell in love with pigeons for life. In Drago's words, a pigeon is a mister. And so is Drago. He understands pigeons, and pigeons understand him. The film shows harmony and love difficult to find. It is about love, solitude, anger, loneliness and sadness of a single being. Mister Pigeon. Being kidnapped shatters a brother and sister's harmony, forcing them to confront their desires. In an effort to control the city the Mayor opens the doors to the Russian Mob. It is not long until he realizes they aren't going to follow his rules. To fix the problem he accepts an offer to set up the Russians and open the door for the Cartel. When the Russians find out they take the Mayors Daughter and then the real games begin. A short film from the Lumiere brothers showing crowds walking. Documentary film. A young scientist's experiment goes awry when he creates a monster from a radioactive isotope and finds that the creature consumes energy to grow in size and terrorize the nearby town. A brief look at the German digital legacy told in four chapters. Anthology of animated shorts from around the world. Though aspiring comic book artist Michio has a beautiful lover, Suzuko, he vows to not sleep with her until his work is officially published. In order to finally create something that will sell, he informs her his next work will be an erotic comic, but is taken aback by her assertion that his concept doesn't capture the feelings of real women at all. The very same evening one of Michio's characters, a young demon girl, literally comes to life by pulling herself straight from his manuscript paper. Concerned about the direction of Michio's life, the girl incarnates herself in order to help him achieve his dream. With this goal in mind, she swiftly transforms Michio into a beautiful girl called 'Michiko'. Helping Michiko to understand the true feelings of women, the demon girl accompanies her for a day in town. The question is, will her efforts help Michio become an established comic book artist, and enable him to finally have sex with his darling Suzuko?  Georgia Rule follows a rebellious, uncontrollable teenager who is hauled off by her dysfunctional mother to spend the summer with her grandmother. Her journey will lead all three women to revelations of buried family secrets and an understanding that - regardless what happens - the ties that bind can never be broken. For many years, director Fernando Spiner and his friend, the poet Anibal Zaldivar, share the ritual of swimming out to a buoy in the sea by the beaches of Villa Gesell. And, on this occasion recorded by the film, this ritual takes on new meaning: Spiner explores the deep bond between them.  A mysterious tale set around a traditional British family on the eve of World War Two. Oblivious to the looming shadow of World War II, the wealthy Keyes maintain a confident facade in the British countryside until daughter Anne becomes an unexpected pawn. Her accidental discovery of secret recordings creates a rift in the family. Three women with very different views on life and love go on a trip together, leaving from one urban setting to another where crude nature prevails. Eva, a mature and pragmatic woman, invites the free spirited and uncompromised Melina and Keithylennye, a young former Tecno Brega dancer, to join her on the journey. On the way, the events experienced individually by each of the three reveal the uncertainties and the different meanings of the trip for each of them. Growing up poor in Madras, India, Srinivasa Ramanujan Iyengar earns admittance to Cambridge University during WWI, where he becomes a pioneer in mathematical theories with the guidance of his professor, G.H. Hardy. Daichi (Mahiro Takasugi) is a young dental technician. He is called a prince due to his excellent skills at work and his handsome appearance. One day, he meets again his childhood friend Manatsu (Seia Yasuda). Manatsu has just began work as a dental hygienist at a clinic in th suburb.  Meanwhile, Daichi receives recognition for his work by dental clinic director (Yuichi Kimura) and dentist (Yuuki Tsujimoto), but his father (Tetsuhiro Ikeda), who runs a dental technician's office, thinks Daichi's skills are not good enough. Daichi then receives a complaint from a patient. Manatsu tries to comfort him, but they end up having an argument. Mason & Forrest are back. And this time, it's personal. Seven executives die while on a video conference call, the victims of a rapidly spreading virus. Dr. Samantha Craig (Janine Turner) and disgraced doctor Nick Baldwin (Antonio Sabato Jr.) investigate, tracking the disease to a rival firm able to spread computer viruses to humans. They also discover the virus has killed before and is continuing on its deadly path, unless someone can stop it. A 33-year-old supermarket worker at a provincial city used to be an idol, but could not see a future as a singer. Sick of everything, she moved to a provincial town and met Yoshio, a pet cat she saw at a store. In tribute to a warm and generous player, Gary Barber traces Bobby Wellin's life growing up in Glasgow, his contribution to the recording of one of the greatest British jazz albums, 'Under Milk Wood' with Stan Tracey, his wilderness years caused by drug and alcohol addiction, and his resurgence as one of the most loved and respected of UK saxophonists. This is a fitting celebration of a talented musician, composer and great storyteller. Intimate view of 100 years of American history seen through Isaac Pope, an African-American centenarian who's a spellbinding storyteller and unsung hero of war, the civil rights and workers' movements, and the tale of the nation's spirit, loss and love. Grandson of enslaved people, son of sharecroppers, he yearned toward the American Dream, never came near it, but spent decades helping others do so. His life shows tectonic shifts in some interactions between races that show the way forward. Get as up close and personal with sharks as you could ever dream. As a two-time Emmy Award winning, wildlife cinematographer and on-air talent for Discovery Channel's Shark Week, Andy Brandy Casagrande is helping revolutionize the way the world sees the ocean's top predators. In the far reaches of the Galapagos archipelago there is a remote island - Darwin Island. Here, a mysterious parade of giant whale sharks passes by. All of them are pregnant females, about to give birth. What has drawn them here? Where are they going?  Galapagos: Realm of Giant Sharks follows a group of researchers who have travelled out to Darwin Island to begin following these dinosaurs of the sea wherever they travel across the globe. But placing satellite tracking devices on giant sharks is not always easy. Steel spear tips bounce off, dangerous currents intervene, and the sharks can deliver bone-crushing swipes with their tails.  In an exciting blend of science and natural history filmmaking, Galapagos: Realm of Giant Sharks uses action-packed, high-resolution photography to draw audiences into the world of one of the ocean's largest and least understood creatures. Through the eyes of eight filmmakers "Nahui Ollin, Sun Of Motion" explores several sites in Mexico to reveal how climate change has been advancing in one of the countries with the highest biodiversity globally. Corals, glaciers, seas, mangroves, rivers, mountains, fields and cities have witnessed the advancement of what may represent the greatest threat to human kind in this age. Through the voices of the inhabitants in different parts of the country, we will witness the adaptation as well as the mitigation that is carried out in their communities. An exploration of the dead-ends in downtown Paris juxtaposed with the endless roads of Russia, as a metaphor to the lives of their inhabitants. A musical of techno loops, boundless tracks of humans in transit. When their daughter is kidnapped by experienced nappers (Bacon and Love), the Jennings' (Theron and Townsend) turn the tables on this seemingly foolproof plan.  