Do You Dream in Color? in this documentary follows four courageous blind high school students. This coming-of-age story see's the students as they strive to prove that their disability will not hold them back from achieving their dreams. An unlikely team of activists and innovators hatches a bold mission to save endangered species. Heloisa receives a gift: a collection of super-8 films with images of enormous cataracts that once comprised the Seven Falls (Sete Quedas), a natural paradise destroyed by the construction of the world's largest hydroelectric plant, in the early 1980s. The construction of the plant, at the height of the Brazilian military regime, awakens memories of a past immersed in a political authoritarianism. The film starts from the relationship between Heloisa, the filmmaker, and her father, Alvaro, an engineer who had his moment of glory during the Brazilian military dictatorship. They question the political trajectory of Brazil.Projections and maps become the first bridges to connect with the past. However, it is the inescapable present that really strikes Alvaro and Heloisa as they position themselves on opposite sides. Documentary about the modern apocalypse caused by a rapacious banking system.  23 leading thinkers - frustrated at the failure of their respective disciplines - break their silence to explain how the world really works. Welcome to the Rubber Room is a self-produced sci-fi/comedy featuring a cast of (mostly) unknowns portraying regulars at an artsy coffee shop/bar who are facing the end of their fantasy land when The Rubber Room, their favorite hangout, is closing to make way for a Pottery Barn. The Rubber Room has been a sanctuary for them where they go to discuss and display art in all its various forms. Follow Cambodia's first national baseball team as they prepare for the 24th Sea Games- the premier sporting competition between South East Asian nations, similar to the Olympic Games- to be held in Bangkok, Thailand. Encounter the texture of daily life in the players' villages, meet the American coaches whose passion for the game has fueled their desire to win, and travel with the team as they pour their blood, sweat and tears into training. Can they bring home a medal? Angkor's Children tells the story of five young Cambodians in their efforts to overcome what seem to be insurmountable obstacles to accomplish their dreams. The film chronicles the story of their undeterred resilience in the drive to take hold of their future. Cambodia today, through Cambodian voices, full of new energy, frustration, hope, and unexpected turns as this generation recaptures the ancient, and embraces the modern, to create their future. The recurring tone of an old filmstrip signals to the viewer the outmoded nature of the educational narration we hear about the native peoples of North America in this Janis Crystal Lipzin creation. It is just one authoritative voice in a collage soundtrack juxtaposed to Super-8mm footage that maps tourist images of the Southwest, Stonehenge and other candid "evidence" of civilizations present and past. Taking the smug yet also quaint manner of such instructional material as a starting point, American filmmaker Lipzin's 2004 film-on-video collage sets up a series of shrewd oppositions regarding our own understanding of ourselves. - Robert Avila The Culture High tears into the very fibre of the modern day marijuana debate to reveal the truth behind the arguments and motives governing both those who support and oppose the existing pot laws.  Lange stunningly portrays Patsy Cline, the velvet-voiced country singer who died in a tragic plane crash. The Hidden Hand is a controversial Award-winning documentary that explores the possibility of an extraterrestrial presence here on Earth. The film takes a keen look at a spectrum of topics like alien abduction, human/alien hybridization, the military's reverse-engineering of alien technology and the government cover-up of anything related to extraterrestrials. Is preoccupation with E.T.'s a form of cultural madness, or is something really going on? How would E.T. contact change the religious and political institutions of our society? The Hidden Hand is full of riveting interviews with experts and experiencers alike: Whitley Strieber, Dr. Edgar Mitchell, the 6th astronaut on the moon, Paul Hellyer, a former Canadian Defence Minister, Richard Dolan, Jim Marrs, Linda Moulton Howe, Col. John Alexander, Lyn Buchanan, Clifford Stone, Nassim Haramein, David Icke, Dr. Roger Leir, Graham Hancock and Paola Harris, among others. The shadowy world of UFOs is suddenly brought to light. Shot clandestinely over a two year period, this film provides a rare look into the second most isolated country on the planet held in a stasis by a brutal military regime for almost a half century. From over 100 interviews of people across Burma, including the recently released Aung San Suu Kyi, interwoven with stunning footage of Burmese life this documentary is truly unique. "Portrait of Wally", Egon Schiele's tender picture of his mistress, Walburga ("Wally") Neuzil, is the pride of the Leopold Museum in Vienna. But for 13 years the painting was locked up in New York, caught in a legal battle between the Austrian museum and the Jewish family from whom the Nazis seized the painting in 1939. Huge lakes on Titan, Saturn's largest moon -- salt water geysers on Enceladus -- these are only two of the amazing discoveries of NASA's Cassini Mission, as told by one of its top scientists in her own words. Dr. Carolyn Porco eloquently takes us on a thrilling tour of Saturn and its moons, using Cassini's stunning original digital photographs and the astonishing images of its probe, Huygens, that actually landed across space on the surface of Titan. Fly over Titan's Lake Ontario and glide through the mists of Enceladus ... and wonder whether life hasn't already emerged in their watery depths. In the works for over two years, A Second Knock at the Door offers a rare glimpse into the lives of military families dealing with the loss of loved ones to friendly fire. Through interviews and investigative reports obtained through the Freedom of Information Act, this documentary explores several key incidents in which the families of the fallen were forced to embark on a quest for the truth after the Army attempted to bury the true cause of death within the 'fog of war.' Photographer Wang Jiu-liang travels to more than 500 landfills, fearlessly documenting Beijing's unholy cycle of consumption through poignant observational visits with the scavengers who live and work in the dumps. While China's economic ascent commands global attention, less light has been shed upon the monumental problem of waste spawned by a burgeoning population, booming industry, and insatiable urban growth. Award-winning photographer Wang Jiuliang focuses his lens upon the grim spectacle of waste, excrement, detritus, and rubble unceremoniously piled upon the land surrounding the China's Olympic city, capital, and megalopolis, Beijing. A lottery operator tries to pay off a local gangster by taking him on a thrill ride from the slums of Lagos Island to the mansions of Ikoyi and back. An unmarried 40-year-old woman turns to a turkey baster in order to become pregnant. Seven years later, she reunites with her best friend, who has been living with a secret: he replaced her preferred sperm sample with his own. Twenty Five people are convicted of murder and fourteen of them are sentenced to hang, one lawyer is assassinated and the other chooses exile in this dramatic story behind a notorious murder trial that marks South Africa's transition from the apartheid era to a new South Africa. Told through the perspectives of defense lawyer, Andrea Durbach, The Independent journalist, John Carlin, and the accused themselves, the story unfolds to reveal a landmark victory in legal history's biggest case on extenuation. A timeless and inspirational story about the fight for justice in a country where injustice was enshrined in law. Maximum Tolerated Dose is the first feature-length documentary by Decipher Films. Equal parts found-footage mash-up, verite investigation, and artful meditation, the film charts the lives of both humans and non-humans who have experienced animal testing first-hand, with hauntingly honest testimony of scientists and lab technicians whose ethics demanded they choose a different path, as well as the simultaneously heartwarming and heartbreaking stories of animals who have seen both sides of the cage. MTD aims to re-ignite the debate about animal testing by bringing these rarely-heard perspectives to the fore. During the troubled shooting of several movies, David, the prop man's assistant, meets an aspiring actress who tries to find work in the studio. Things get messy when the stagehands decide to go on strike. Documentary - DIRTY ENERGY tells the personal story of those directly affected by the Deepwater Horizon spill of 2010, who are now struggling to rebuild their lives amidst the economic devastation and long-term health risks. -  George Barisich, Margaret Curole, Kevin Curole A thought provoking and inspiring documentary of shared tragedy and the unexpected journey of an Israeli and a Palestinian. Bassam and Rami, each once a dedicated fighter for his cause, have been faced with similar tragic losses. Their grief results in a surprising friendship as they become peace activists, working together--former enemies, now brothers in a cause. Their ultimate message, delivered on the Israeli radio show they co-hosted, is "It won't end if we don't talk". Within the coming decades we will be able to create AIs with greater than human intelligence, bio-engineer our species and re-design matter through nanotechnology. How will these technologies change what it means to be human? Director Doug Wolens speaks with leading futurists, computer scientists, artificial intelligence experts, and philosophers who turn over the question like a Rubik's Cube. Ultimately, if we become more machine-like, and machines more like us, will we sacrifice our humanity to gain something greater? Or will we engineer our own demise? THE SINGULARITY is a comprehensive and insightful documentary film that examines technology's accelerating rate, and deftly addresses the resulting moral questions. "These Old Broads" is a 2001 television film written by Carrie Fisher and starring her mother Debbie Reynolds, as well as Shirley MacLaine, Joan Collins, and Elizabeth Taylor in her final starring film role. Network television executive Gavin (Nestor Carbonell) hopes to reunite celebrated Hollywood stars Piper Grayson (Reynolds), Kate Westbourne (MacLaine), and Addie Holden (Collins) in a TV special after their 1960s movie musical "Boy Crazy" is re-released in the 1990s. Though the three women share the same agent, Beryl Mason (Taylor), Gavin's seemingly insurmountable obstacle is that they all cannot stand each other. A look at food security in the Hawaiian islands Explores some of the most innovative attempts by contemporary artists, filmmakers, architects etc to explore multiple Temporalities and to counter the uniform sense of time promoted by our technology-driven society. The age of fish meat is here. Our hunger for seafood grows and grows but the seas are running out of fish. But what exactly is farmed fish? Where does it come from, and how is it made? Two friends, a fish scientist and environmental engineer, take a sailing voyage through the cradle of western civilization to pull back the cover on modern fish farming. Along the way they discover the tragedy of Bluefin Tuna and the joy of carp. A story about greed, politics and the land grab of the century, ZIPPER chronicles the battle over an American cultural icon. Small-time ride operator, Eddie Miranda, proudly operates a carnival contraption called the Zipper in the heart of Coney Island's gritty amusement district. When his rented lot is snatched up by a real estate mogul, Eddie and his ride become casualties of a power struggle between the developer and the City of New York over the future of the world-famous destination. Be it an affront to history or simply the path of progress, the spirit of Coney Island is at stake. In an increasingly corporate landscape, where authenticity is often sacrificed for economic growth, the Zipper may be just the beginning of what is lost. A film about non-territorial office space, multi-mobile knowledge workers, Blackberries and Miles&More. A road movie discovering the working world of tomorrow. This documentary will take you on a journey through the post-industrial knowledge and services workshops, our supposed future working place. In this new world work will be handled more liberally. Time clocks cease to exist. Attention is not compulsory any more. The resource "human" comes into focus. The film closely follows the high-tech work force - people who are highly mobile and passionate to make their work their purpose in life. Further episodes resume this topic and lead into the world of modern office architecture and into the world of Human Resource Management. Over six years, BURIED ABOVE GROUND tells the stories of three Americans battling the symptoms of Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) - an Iraq War veteran; a Hurricane Katrina evacuee; and a child abuse and domestic violence survivor. Documentary - FIGHT TO LIVE follows the pursuit of emerging cures for terminal diseases as told through the stories of patients, patient advocates and the companies who stake their future on the discovery of new treatments. -  Saoirse Ronan, Tom Holland, George MacKay From the 1930's to the 1970's, pretty well every comedian or comic you might see on TV or the movies was Jewish. Jews came to dominate the world of western-society comedy on radio, stage and screen alike.Why did Jews dominate comedy in this period? And why did that domination end? Were Jews just funnier back then? And if so, did that extend to your average Jew on the street? In this 90 minute documentary acclaimed director Alan Zweig will examine these questions and many others in this exploration of 20th century humour, cultural decay, and a search for a missing heritage. Have you ever read the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policies connected to every website you visit, phone call you make, or app you use? Of course you haven't. But those agreements allow corporations to do things with your personal information you could never even imagine. This film explores the intent hidden within these ridiculous agreements, and reveals what corporations and governments are legally taking from you and the outrageous consequences that result from clicking "I accept." Good People Go to Hell, Saved People Go to Heaven explores evangelical Christian belief and culture against the backdrop of hurricanes, coastal devastation and apocalyptic fear. The film follows a cross-carrying fundamentalist preacher, a moralizing youth choir leader, an agenda-filled mega church pastor, and a compelling array of urban and rural born-again believers. All believe in a literal interpretation of the Bible, and share a desire to prepare themselves and the world for the biblical End Times. In its pursuit to present this world authentically, Good People Go to Hell offers fresh and valuable insight into conservative evangelical Christian belief and its connection to the essence of American identity and doctrine in the 21st century. Based on Kelly McMasters's memoir about growing up in a nuclear-reactor community, this stirring film illustrates the dire health consequences for many residents in Shirley, her Long Island hometown. Yet despite the known risks of utilizing nuclear power, our country's rapidly increasing energy needs are fueling a nuclear renaissance. 40,000 years in the making: Kogonada's video essay created for The Connected Series. The theory of evolution and a re-write of American history are caught in the crosshairs when an unabashed Creationist seeks re-election as chairman of America's most influential Board of Education. "Scavenger Hunt" follows condor biologists in remote Northern Arizona as they uncover the reason behind the decline of North America's largest flying land bird. The issue of lead poisoning from spent ammunition is analyzed from the perspective of the conservationist hunter. It is revealed that lead bullet fragmentation is an important issue for all species of scavengers, and for humans as well. Our healthcare system is broken. Potent forces fight to maintain the status quo in a medical industry created for quick fixes, rather than prevention; for profit-driven, rather than patient-driven, care. Healthcare is at the center of an intense political firestorm in our nation's capital. But the current battle over cost and access does not ultimately address the root of the problem: we have a disease-care system, not a health-care one. After decades of opposition, a movement to introduce innovative high-touch, low-cost methods of prevention and healing is finally gaining ground. A film about the pain of speaking; where speech falls back on itself, carving a space in which we can touch one another and see. A space in which disparate testimonies collide, and where water is shed. The point just before a new balance is found -- the point of devastation before one again remakes oneself. It has launched both purity balls and porn franchises, defines a young woman's morality-but has no medical definition. Enter the magical world of virginity, where a white wedding dress can restore a woman's innocence and replacement hymens can be purchased online. Filmmaker Therese Shechter uses her own path out of virginity to explore why our sex-crazed society cherishes this so-called precious gift. Along the way, we meet sex educators, virginity auctioneers, abstinence advocates, and young men and women who bare their tales of doing it-or not doing it. "How To Lose Your Virginity" uncovers the myths and misogyny surrounding a rite of passage that many obsesses about but few truly understand. ROUGE PAROLE is the story of the Tunisian popular revolution, emotionally told by its heroes through both their silence and their clamors. It is the story of Freedom, summoned by History. A behind-the-scenes look inside the case to overturn California's ban on same-sex marriage. Shot over five years, the film follows the unlikely team that took the first federal marriage equality lawsuit to the U.S. Supreme Court. Village At The End Of The World is a witty, surprising and ultimately feel good portrait of an isolated village of 59 people and 100 sledge dogs, surviving against the odds. We the Parents, a feature documentary film, follows the people and events surrounding the first ever school transformation under California's 'Parent Trigger' law. Parents, with the help of the non-profit group Parent Revolution, gather signatures from over 51% of the families at McKinley Elementary School in Compton, CA. When their petitions are turned in to the district, demanding that a charter school take over McKinley, the controversy begins. Everyday people, who simply want a better life for their children, suddenly find themselves doing extraordinary things: appearing on television, speaking at press conferences, lobbying in the state capital, and becoming community leaders. On their journey they inspire a national movement and discover that education is a political beast. A story of two coalitions - ACT UP and TAG (Treatment Action Group) - whose activism and innovation turned AIDS from a death sentence into a manageable condition. Despite having no scientific training, these self-made activists infiltrated the pharmaceutical industry and helped identify promising new drugs, moving them from experimental trials to patients in record time. In this award-winning documentary, the first time directors take a detailed looks at the apartheid analogy commonly used to describe the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Narrated by Alice Walker (author of The Color Purple), Roadmap to Apartheid is as much a historical document of the rise and fall of apartheid in South Africa, as it is a film about why many Palestinians feel they are living in an apartheid system today, and why an increasing number of people around the world agree with them. While not perfect, the apartheid analogy is a useful framework by which to educate people on the complex issues facing Israelis and Palestinians. A feature-length documentary centered around the Linotype typecasting machine. Called the "Eighth Wonder of the World" by Thomas Edison, it revolutionized printing and society. The film tells the surprisingly emotional story of the people connected to the Linotype and how it impacted the world. The Edhi children's shelter is a rare safe haven for Karachi's runaways. Over three years, its cranky founder, a spirited child, and a gold-hearted ambulance driver are filmed, creating a tender portrait of where a city's most vulnerable and dedicated souls meet. Based on the best-selling religious studies book by Joseph Atwill, this documentary shows that Jesus is not a historical figure, the events of Jesus' life were based on a Roman military campaign, his supposed second coming refers to an event that already occurred, and the Gospels were written by a family of Caesars who left us documents to prove it. Besides Atwill, six other controversial Bible scholars weigh in, showing that the teachings of Christ came from the ancient pagan mystery schools, and that Christianity was used as a political tool to control the masses of the day and is still being used this way today. In 1987 the Washington Street Elevated train was torn down and community members furiously awaited rapid replacement service between the minority neighborhood of Roxbury and the job-center of Downtown Boston. Commuters boarded interim buses each day, waiting for the promise of of rapid service to be fulfilled. 15 years later the official replacement, The Silver Line, debuted. It was called Bus Rapid Transit but lacked much of the infrastructure to uphold the 'rapid' moniker. Equal or Better: The Story of the Silver Line explores the history of transportation equity in America through the lens of three communities in Boston. It unearths a story of environmental justice, race relations, and probes how we allocate tax-dollars in transportation in this nation. .Americans have had a long love affair with dogs, with many of us referring to our canine companions as best friends, significant others, soul mates, even children. But lost amidst all the pampering and pedestaling are hard and often tragic truths surrounding dog ownership, care and commerce, not to mention the daunting odds continuing to face millions of unwanted shelter dogs. Divided into three parts - "Fear," "Loss" and "Betrayal" - this 73-minute documentary is comprised of eight case studies that probe the complicated and conflicted relationship we have with canines. Collectively, the segments reveal the sobering realities behind our relationship with dogs, showing not only how far some dog lovers will go for their pets, but how far we as nation have to go in order to treat all dogs humanely. When a singing, song-writing prizefighter (Dick Foran) is framed for murder and sent to the state pen, his girlfriend (June Travis) sets out to prove his innocence. Director Frank MacDonald's 1938 crime drama--with songs--also stars John Litel, Dick Purcell, Tommy Bupp, Ward Bond, Veda Ann Borg, George E. Stone, John Hamilton and Jonathan Hale. STREET PAPER takes the viewer inside the lives of Nashville's homeless population through street newspaper The Contributor. This documentary offers a unique look into the lives of the founders, vendors and writers as the newspaper experiences exponential growth during September 2010. The Contributor is a member of The North American Street Newspaper Association (NASNA), which has 31 members. Addressing the issues of poverty and homelessness, a street newspaper is distributed by homeless and formerly homeless vendors. By sharing personal stories, street newspapers attach lives, faces and hearts to the idea of homelessness. These publications allow a bridge connecting the gap between the very poor and the rest of society by helping them understand the issues that concern homeless individuals. For many homeless people, this opportunity gives them a chance to get back on their feet and the real possibility of securing housing. It is becoming increasingly difficult to protect ourselves from extreme financial volatility. This feature documentary will examine the mechanics behind bubbles and crashes, and discuss trends and visions for the future. Documentary on ethnic relations in Brazil. Normal is a biographical film that follows the turbulent lives of people who work in the sex industry. Nicola Mai's groundbreaking and unique form of story telling offers an intricate glance into 6 characters' diverse experiences of self-realization, exploitation, autonomy and dependency. Director and anthropologist Mai continually challenges the viewer by exposing these unheard voices, their dreams and the lives that they lead. Normal uncovers layered, human stories of migration and sex work, challenging popular expectations that most migrant sex workers are exploited and forced to sell sex against their will. Arab-American filmmaker Yumna Al-Arashi embraces the rhythmic rituals that have run alongside Islamic tradition throughout the centuries in this surreal and poetic short film. Piecing together old and new, Al-Rashi's dream-like imagery breathes fresh air to a subject hardly seen in positive light. Through interviews with leading psychologists and scientists, Neurons to Nirvana explores the history of four powerful psychedelic substances (LSD, Psilocybin, MDMA and Ayahuasca) and their previously established medicinal potential. Strictly focusing on the science and medicinal properties of these drugs, Neurons to Nirvana looks into why our society has created such a social and political bias against even allowing research to continue the exploration of any possible positive effects they can present in treating some of today's most challenging afflictions. The 8 minute short is open to interpretation as it examines the inner thoughts of several people around a table, with the Rita Hayworth version of Put the Blame on Mame playing on the soundtrack. Reckless government policies nearly destroyed American Indians and could do the same to the U.S. Generation Red Nation gives a brutally honest view of life on Indian reservations, leaving the Reservation, and city life. Our Nation can benefit from American Indian advice, especially when many of us feel victimized by corruption from corporate and government leaders. Documentary - Car collectors from around the world are flocking to a small town in the heart of the Midwest for the chance of a lifetime. In a closed down family car dealership in Nebraska, the mother lode of classic cars - -many having less than 10 miles on the odometer -- are going up on the auction block. In this special presentation HISTORY will have exclusive access to the collection and the auction. The special will be hosted by Brian Unger and feature Top Gear's Rutledge Wood and Tanner Foust. -  Tanner Foust, Brian Unger, Rutledge Wood Hear from supporters of the revolution wounded during protests, frustrated "sofa Party" members who miss the stability of the Mubarak regime, religious campaigners who want their party to have a stronger voice in the future of Egypt, and many more people from all walks of life caught in the struggle. They also tell you about their experiences during the protest that took 18 days to remove Mubarak from power, and their views on the world's reaction to their stand off. The voices of the people of Egypt deserve to be heard. In "Stories From Tahrir" we reveal the frustrations and aspirations of activists, candidates, and the victims of decades of repression who have never had a chance to share their stories until now. In search of the creative process in all forms. Follow painter/ filmmaker Larry Reese as he explores his own creative process and tracks down other artists to find how they find that creative inspiration. This one of a kind documentary has interviews with film director Francis Damburger, jazz legend PJ Perry, film star Kari Matchett, and many more. We Women Warriors follows three native women, caught in the crossfire of Colombia's warfare, who use nonviolent resistance to defend their people's survival. Every time 22-year-old Heba Afify heads out to cover the historical events shaping her country's future, her mother is compelled to remind her, 'I know you are a journalist, but you're still a girl!' Defying cultural norms and family expectations, Heba takes to the streets to report on an Egypt in turmoil, using tweets, texts and posts. Her coming of age, political awakening and the disillusionment that follows, mirrors that of a nation seeking the freedom to shape its own destiny and democracy. Recorded live at the Cocoanut Grove in Los Angeles, Roy is joined by an eclectic ensemble of rock and roll superstars including Jackson Browne, Elvis Costello, T-Bone Burnett, J.D. Souther, Jennifer Warnes, k.d. lang, Bonnie Raitt, Bruce Springsteen and Tom Waits. A film about the new board gaming, a phenomenon going on right under your nose, probably in your very community. This film will take you into that world to meet the players and designers responsible for this radical departure from technology. And you just might discover it's the hobby for you. A recent widow invites her husband's troubled best friend to live with her and her two children. As he gradually turns his life around, he helps the family cope and confront their loss. An advertising executive fails to realize that the woman of his dreams is his best friend since first grade, now married to his cheating co-worker. The dramatic inside story of the monumental collision of interests at Ground Zero in the decade after 9/11. Documentary - Death is a taboo subject. We tiptoe around it, try to circumvent it, or use euphemisms. Maybe we think we can avoid death, but no one can and death is not limited to physical death. It comes in many forms. We can experience the death of a relationship, the death of our youth, the death of our health, and any number of significant changes that force us to grapple with impermanence. If we do not face and accept death, we fear it, and fear is an even heavier load to bear than death. Documentary feature film that follows the personal stories of families struggling in the aftermath of the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression. Filmed over the course of one winter in one American city, the film presents an intimate snapshot of the state of the nation's economy as it is playing out in millions of American families, and highlights the human consequences of the decline of the middle class and the fracturing of the American Dream The documentary exposes the ways in which America's foreign policy agenda in the Middle East drives the U.S. media's portrayals of Arabs and Muslims. The film lays bare the truths behind taboo subjects that are conspicuously avoided, or merely treated as sound bites, by the mainstream American media: "Why do they hate us?" "Why do we hate them?" What were the events that led to the 9/11 attacks? What are the politics behind the U.S.-Israeli relationship? Why is there a robust debate about these subjects in Europe, the Arab World and in Israel itself, but not in the U.S.? Valentino's Ghost provides a fresh inquiry which challenges the media's daily barrage of rhetoric and misinformation about our complex and vital relationship with this part of the world AMERICAN EMPIRE is an indictment on the country that has supposedly nurtured us, but is slowly destroying us. Beginning with the founding of the Federal Reserve our economy is controlled by a system of debt and inflation. It has become an economic empire that is destroying our planet and all its natural resources driven by a relentless need to amass money and power. How can we let this happen! How can we as a people, allow these so called officials get away with it? Who is benefiting and why? Their actions have affected our food, our health, and our very freedom! We have become both the enablers and sadly, the victims! This no-holds-barred documentary dares to lay bare the real truth behind the AMERICAN EMPIRE! What would a world look like that had a culture and an economic system that places human need above corporate greed, and how do we bring that world into being? Who cares what it is called. Call it Socialism, Call it Real Democracy Now, and Call it Chunky-Monkey-Cherry Garcia. The world needs to change radically, it needs to change dramatically, and it needs to change fast. This documentary is an invitation for you to participate in that positive change. Frankly, because, we need you. Yes, you. Carpe Diem: A Fish Tale looks at an ecologic bombshell, just waiting to explode. Asian Carp are on the door step of the Great Lakes. The only thing holding them back is an electric barrier just south of Chicago. Scientists are working hard to develop new technologies to keep them out. Down south, where all hope is lost, they are going medieval on this slimy foe. Can they be stopped? The true story of Harvey Milk, the first openly gay man ever elected to public office. In San Francisco in the late 1970s, Harvey Milk becomes an activist for gay rights and inspires others to join him in his fight for equal rights that should be available to all Americans. When former getaway driver, Charlie Bronson jeopardises his Witness Protection Plan identity in order to help his girlfriend get to Los Angeles, the feds and Charlie's former gang chase them on the road. In Isla Verde, Puerto Rico, a group of environmentalists have occupied Camp Pa'l Pueblo Beaches for over six years to prevent the expansion of a hotel chain from limiting public access to the beach and impacting the region's natural resources. A close look at Puerto Rico's unique relationship with the United States. The Naked Brand is a story about how corporations can help save the planet one small step at a time. It's an introduction to a bright new future where companies tell the truth and work hard to create better products and a better planet. Corporations have incredible influence on the world we live in and that's given them free reign to pollute, collude and mislead us, but advances in technology are rapidly making them accountable not just to shareholders, but to everyone. Now that we have constant access to the truth about the products we use and the ethics of the companies behind them, big brands are realizing that looking great isn't enough. It's time to actually be great. On September 15, 2009, the State of Ohio tried to execute Romell Broom and failed. Ohio claims it has a right to try again. This film explores the legal and moral questions surrounding this unique case. Documentary - Follow the lives of several characters in the cannabis industry leading up to the 2010 California election where California voted against Prop 19, the initiative that would have legalized marijuana for adult use. -  Ron Allen, Nate Bradley, Max del Real Music and politics collide when international music star, Pras Michel of the Fugees, returns to his homeland of Haiti following the devastating earthquake of 2010 to mobilize a presidential campaign for Haiti's most controversial musician: Michel Martelly aka Sweet Micky. The politically inexperienced pair set out against a corrupted government, civil unrest, and a fixed election. When Pras's former bandmate, superstar Wyclef Jean, also enters the presidential race, their chances seem further doomed. But with the help of a few friends, including Ben Stiller and former president Bill Clinton, they never give up on their honest dream of changing the course of Haiti's future forever What happens when the undead return to life? In a world ravaged for years by a virus that turns the infected into zombie-like cannibals, a cure is at last found and the wrenching process of reintegrating the survivors back into society begins. A feature film based on the documentary "Our Brand Is Crisis", which focuses on the use of American political campaign strategies in South America. Based on a true story set in 1948, customs officer Mehti is faced with the duty of formally setting up the border between Turkey and Syria, dividing his hometown. He is unaware of the pain that will eminently unfold, as families, languages, cultures and lovers are both ripped apart and clash head on in a village once united. Small town bowling alley owner teams up with the community's most whimsically eccentric characters to keep a retail giant from planting their newest store in the middle of the town's most beloved property in this screwball comedy of municipal proportion. The dramatic and touching story of thousands of adults, children, and generations of families who have been living and working in the largest and most toxic landfill in Central America, the Guatemala City Garbage Dump, over the last sixty years. Nestled high on a mountainside in the Middle East, a Syrian Druze village has survived under Israeli occupation, while 136 others like it were wiped out. Using a multi-character narrative, the film weaves its way through streets and orchards revealing how this secretive community have clung onto their land using a simple fruit-the apple Radio host and Bible teacher Harold Camping predicted our world would end on May 21st, 2011. This documentary tells the story of three families in their conviction of this believe. They dedicate their entire life to their conviction, because they don't have the slightest doubt about the coming events, such as a worldwide earthquake and the death of half the human population. While they see it as their task to warn the world, their fundamental ideas more and more alienate them from their personal environment. Our main characters isolate themselves from their family and friends, while they focus on each other and their beacon; Mr. Camping. What will eventually be left of their ideas, after nothing happens on May 21st 2011...? When a Republican Governor's bill threatens to wipe away worker rights and lock out public debate, six (extra)ordinary citizens force their way into the Wisconsin State Capitol, joining thousands of protesters who spend the next twenty-six days launching a popular uprising that not only challenges the bill, but the soul of a nation. BURNING MAN AND THE MEANING OF LIFE - A stunning visual exploration of the Festival of the Burning Man against the backdrop of a question: What is the meaning of life? If Michael Moore were a lady who went after companies who still produce plastic, when the Pacific Garbage Patch is now the size of the continental United States. This Pacific Ocean Trash Vortex by Hawai'i is a more serious issue than any war, economic, or ecologic crisis facing the planet today. We hereby document the process by which conscientious companies, some because of our encouragement, switch from plastic to a more sustainable alternative. A David and Goliath project by night; Sisyphus by day. A drama based on Jimi Hendrix's life as he left New York City for London, where his career took off. A survey of the physical qualities and metaphysical quandaries of the United States-Mexico border. Follows the boundary and its immediate surrounding topography incrementally from the Gulf of Mexico to the Pacific Ocean.  Director Kelly Anderson's personal journey as a Brooklyn 'gentrifier' to understand the forces reshaping her neighborhood along lines of race and class. The film reframes the gentrification debate to expose the corporate actors and government policies driving displacement and neighborhood change. Angry with his father, Anugerah ran away with Rahmat to Jakarta to become a famous person. They then becomes a host on a television show and problems arise. On October 15, 2011, thousands of people gathered at the Vancouver Art Gallery to support the global Occupy movement. As the day progressed, hundreds of people set up tents and turned the art gallery plaza into an encampment equipped with a first-aid station, media tent, a functioning kitchen and a library. This sudden occupation of public property in the middle of downtown Vancouver was followed closely by the media and remained a spectacle for 39 days. The Occupation follows the movement through the lives of those living at the Occupy Vancouver encampment. BCIT journalism students Rafferty Baker and Matthew J. Van Deventer documented the rise and fall of Occupy Vancouver from the pitching of the first tent to the occupants forced exodus. Filmmakers Miguel Picker and Chyng Sun explore and analyze the stereotypical portrayal of Latinos in U.S. news and media. A gifted high-school student flubs her college admissions interviews for the most unexpected reasons in this independent coming-of-age drama. Cynical, world-weary Evie is more interested in taking care of her family than getting into the Ivy League institutions for which she seems destined. Dad Harry spends all his time building model trains in the basement, while workaholic mom Martha depends on Evie to take care of her other daughter, developmentally challenged Emily. When she's not busy reading poetry to her sister Emily, Evie hangs out with James (Fran Kranz), the sensitive boy next door, whose romantic overtures prove too confusing to acknowledge. College also seems too daunting, so Evie deliberately blows one university interview after another in the hopes of staying at home as her sister's keeper. Meanwhile, Evie begins passing off her own poems as Emily's, fuelling the belief that her brain-damaged sister is actually a literary savant. A documentary that details Sacramento, California's struggle to keep the Sacramento Kings. Farewell Ferris Wheel explores how the U.S. Carnival industry fights to keep itself alive by legally employing Mexican migrant workers with the controversial H-2B guestworker visa. Thousands of unexplained creature sightings are reported in the United States each year. What are people seeing? How does it impact them? What does this say about us as a nation? These questions are explored in a cross-country trek through America's highways and byways, a journey that explores the phenomena and popularity of cryptozoology in the United States. Shortly after Pearl Harbor, a squadron of PT-boat crews in the Philippines must battle the Navy brass between skirmishes with the Japanese. The title says it all about the Navy's attitude towards the PT-boats and their crews. Hannah had her land taken, Rebecca wants to stop having children but her husband won't let her, and Naomi suffered because she refused to have sex for grades. Step inside the shoes of the women who live in the patriarchal world of the Niger Delta. Struggling to survive after the 2008 global financial crisis, Patrick Lovell embarks on a journey to discover how the pursuit of the American Dream could drive millions of people to financial ruin. In 1989, together with a group of female friends, Su Friedrich rented and renovated an old loft in Williamsburg, an unassuming working-class district of Brooklyn. In 2005 this former industrial zone was designated a residential area and the factories, manufacturers and artists'lofts were priced out by property speculators lured by tax breaks. Friedrich spent five years documenting with her camera the changes in the area. She shows the demolition of industrial buildings and the construction of trendy new apartments for wealthy clients, watching old tenants leave and new inhabitants arrive. As she keeps meticulous record of developments, the extent and speed of the upheaval becomes clear. Her own tenancy agreement expires too and so her documentary images and trenchant commentary become the tools of her growing anger. A documentary of small changes evolves into an historical record of New York,  a case study of the rapid gentrification of our cities. Driven by a tragedy to make a documentary, 'Saving 10,000' is the story of one Irishman's quest to uncover the real causes of the high suicide rate in Japan. With the help of various experts and ordinary Japanese, the narrator comes up with the practical proposals on how Japan can win a war on suicide and reduce the number of deaths each year by 10,000. A high school outcast new to town becomes friends with a violent loner still haunted by the death of his parents. Various animated depictions of movement, accompanied by different instrumental and ambient sound arrangements. In 2005 Omar and Cherif Herrawi started Egypt's first and only skateboard shop, SkateImpact. Six years later, while Egypt is still in a state of unrest, they passionately share their story with documentarian, Brett Wiese Saunders. Kidnapped For Christ tells the shocking stories of American teenagers who were taken from their homes and shipped to Escuela Caribe, an American-run Christian behavior modification program in the Dominican Republic. The film centers on David, a straight-A student who was sent to Escuela Caribe because he is gay and his parent's cant deal with the situation. When a young evangelical filmmaker is granted unprecedented access to film behind the gates of this controversial school, she discovers shocking secrets and young students that change her life. Mickey and others are firemen; they slide down an ostrich's neck when the alarm sounds. A squealing cat whose tail Mickey pulls acts as the siren. The nearest hydrant isn't working too well, so Horace Horsecollar takes drinks from a pond and uses that water to put out the fire. Minnie is trapped on an upper floor; Mickey climbs the neighboring building fire escape and uses a clothesline to cross to Minnie's building. AMERICA'S LONGEST WAR is a documentary about the extraordinary costs of the US government's 40-year war on drugs. Drug prohibition has failed. Drug usage rates have not declined, and illegal drugs are more available-and cheaper-than ever before. At the same time, the costs of the drug war are staggering. More than $1 trillion taxpayer dollars have been spent. More than 50,000 SWAT raids occur each year. Hundreds of thousands of non-violent drug offenders are wasting their lives away in prison at our expense. And more than 60,000 people have been murdered in Mexico over the past six years. AMERICA'S LONGEST WAR tells the stories of some of the victims of the drug war and, more importantly, points to a viable alternative approach to drug policy. Three Norwegian teenaged girlfriends get caught smuggling cocaine out of Bolivia. Why does only one take the fall? Cue a tabloid media storm, professional kidnappers and a behind-bars pregnancy in this sensational expose. On September 17 2011, a worldwide social movement was born in New York City. This film documents who they are and what they protest. On a fall night in 2003, Harvard undergrad and computer programming genius Mark Zuckerberg sits down at his computer and heatedly begins working on a new idea. In a fury of blogging and programming, what begins in his dorm room as a small site among friends soon becomes a global social network and a revolution in communication. A mere six years and 500 million friends later, Mark Zuckerberg is the youngest billionaire in history... but for this entrepreneur, success leads to both personal and legal complications. 50 % of the world's population lives in urban areas. By 2050 this will increase to 80%. Life in a mega city is both enchanting and problematic. Today we face peak oil, climate change, loneliness and severe health issues due to our way of life. But why? The Danish architect and professor Jan Gehl has studied human behavior in cities through 40 years. He has documented how modern cities repel human interaction, and argues that we can build cities in a way, which takes human needs for inclusion and intimacy into account. Occupy Unmasked features the conservative visionary Andrew Breitbart and journalists Brandon Darby, David Horowitz, Pam Keys, Anita MonCrief, Mandy Nagy, and Lee Stranahan. Written and directed by award-winning director, Stephen K. Bannon (The Undefeated, Generation Zero) and produced by David N. Bossie (Border War, Perfect Valor), Occupy Unmasked is a shocking indictment of one of the most controversial movements in American history. On the first night of spring, the Super Monsters gather for food, fun and games in the park -- and get to meet their adorable new pets! This short film focuses on the job of a lab technician and forensic detail. France's Bordeaux region has long commanded respect for its coveted wine, but shifts in the global marketplace mean that a new, voracious consumer base in China is buying up this finite product. Bordeaux both struggles with and courts the spike in demand, sending prices skyrocketing. Narrated by Russell Crowe, Red Obsession is a fascinating look at our changing international economy and how an obsession in Shanghai affects the most illustrious vineyards in France. A documentary about the new American South, and the people who inhabit its most quiet corners.  Kansas City has suffered from hyper-segregation for over 60 years. We Are Superman chronicles the story of Troost Avenue, which lies in the heart of KC. Troost draws a geographic line between black and white, rich and poor. A growing movement unites to transform Troost from a dividing line into a gathering place. On the corner of 31st St. and Troost Ave., a community of people are battling against prejudicial legislation, exploitative corporations, and a stereotype that has stigmatized the urban core since the industrial revolution. This is the story their work, their vision, and how they are no longer waiting on a Superman to come save them. Two stories that repeat themselves: two boxers struggling to survive inside and outside of the ring. Toscano, a young Sicilian, is fighting against his past. Barca, an African immigrant, is fighting for his future. When the tide changes, they have to fight for the present, as they battle against the realities of life in Sicily. The film weaves the sights, sounds and emotions of a gritty boxing tale within the context of broken relationships, hardships, and the cycles of Mediterranean history. In the film that launched the James Bond saga, Agent 007 battles mysterious Dr. No, a scientific genius bent on destroying the U.S. space program. As the countdown to disaster begins, Bond must go to Jamaica, where he encounters beautiful Honey Ryder, to confront a megalomaniacal villain in his massive island headquarters. This documentary explores a vivid and unmatched perspective to the existence of coffee in our daily lives. Expanding production to United States, Italy, India, Guatemala, Honduras and Nicaragua, the film takes coffee enthusiasts on a trip that will transcend their knowledge of the beverage and get them close to a human reality they haven't experienced before. Esperanza and Tristeza both have to get to Cuenca. However, by an unlucky turn of events, the bus they are on gets delayed due to a worker strike. Taking their journey into their own hands, they decide to hitchhike to Cuenca. Along the way they meet interesting characters who help them re-evaluate the purpose of their journey. This is a David and Goliath story of one veterinarian's battle to protect her patients (tigers, lions and even house cats) from big corporations, with their big corporate money, that will shamelessly do anything to animals to increase their bottom line. She starts a grassroots movement that is fueled by passion, but appears to be losing the battle. Then, unexpectedly, she realizes that the corporations accidentally left her a giant loophole. In a scramble to take advantage of this unforeseen gift, she leads the crusade passing legislation protecting animals from de-clawing in seven cities in just six weeks. "The Principle" brings to light astonishing new scientific observations challenging the Copernican Principle; the foundational assumption underlying the modern scientific world view. The idea that the Earth occupies no special or favored position in the cosmos has launched the last two scientific revolutions - the Copernican Revolution and Relativity - and, as Lawrence Krauss has said, we could be on the verge of a third, with "Copernicus coming back to haunt us". Interviews with leading cosmologists are interspersed with the views of dissidents and mavericks, bringing into sharp focus the challenges and implications not only for cosmology, but for our cultural and religious view of reality. Documentary from Isabelle DePelteau and Dan Shannon Oceana, West Virginia--known as "Oxyana" after its residents' epidemic abuse of OxyContin--is a tragically real example of the insidious spread of drug dependency throughout the country. Set against an abandoned coal mining landscape to the melodies of Deer Tick's haunting score, this unflinchingly intimate documentary probes the lives of Oceana's afflicted and exposes the day-to-day experience of a town living in the harsh grip of addiction. A prestigious Stockholm museum's chief art curator finds himself in times of both professional and personal crisis as he attempts to set up a controversial new exhibit. Highest rated and most viewed Dutch documentary of 2012. A free documentary about the rise of the surveillance state by Peter Vlemmix (@petervlemmix).  Synopsis: Control on our daily lives increases and privacy is disappearing. How is this exactly happening and in which way will it effect all our lives? This movie tells five stories set in a single day at the famed Chelsea Hotel in New York City, involving an ensemble cast of some 30-35 characters. A documentary about graffiti artists in the capital of China. French anthropologist Jean-Charles Pommier and his wife have come to LA so he can take up a position as lecturer. To his surprise he encounters a group of urban nomads. As he investigates things become more unsettling as he realizes the price paid for being civilized. Alien Boy: The Life and Death of James Chasse is a feature length documentary film about one mans struggle with schizophrenia and the extraordinary brutality that ended his life. It is the story of a city in denial that was forced to face the truth and learn, grow and change as a result. Alien Boy explores issues of impunity, police brutality, and mental illness. The Other Way is an upcoming documentary film project by Aniket Dasgupta and Swathy Sethumadhavan. The film intends to showcase the Indian independent filmmaker and tell his story.  In the glitz and the glamour of a Bollywood dominated industry that India has today, we want to tell the story of a parallel filmmaking community whose aim is not to create cliched blockbusters, but to tell a meaningful and thought provoking story through the medium of cinema. These film makers are known as the 'independents' (or the indies) and work out of a studio system.The  the documentary has a pan Indian perspective. The murals of Northern Ireland are an expression of the region's violent Troubles. 'The Art of Conflict' examines these murals through their painters and the people who live there, exploring this unique street art's impact, purpose, and future. Jayson Blair is the most infamous serial plagiarist of our time. He unleashed the massive scandal that rocked the New York Times and the entire world of journalism. This Oscar-nominated film shows Gallaudet University in Washington D.C. near its 100th year as the only school of higher learning for the deaf and extreme hard of hearing. He was a postal clerk. She was a librarian. With their modest means, the couple managed to build one of the most important contemporary art collections in history. Meet Herb and Dorothy Vogel, whose shared passion and disciplines and defied stereotypes and redefined what it means to be an art collector. After fleeing from oppression of the Kurdish people in Iraq, making their escape through Afghanistan and Pakistan, the Malakandi family landed safely in Seattle, Washington and settled into life in the United States. But an unexpected encounter with another immigrant sends the family's lives into a tailspin, bringing the full weight of post-9/11 America down upon them. Over the last few years, our understanding of Genetic Engineering has increased  significantly, even so we are only beginning to observe the detrimental effects.  Genetic Engineering of plants has been shown through scientific study disruptive to  entire cellular mechanisms of plants, animals and humans, along with severe negative  impact on the environment.  The Big Ag companies; Monsanto, DuPont, Syngenta--are dead set that the world's  populations remain in the dark, ignorant about the devastating health and environmental  risks, and argue their manipulation of genes is safe, yet increasing study shows the opposite.  To counter the lies, another award winning documentary hits back with the truth. Notorious killer whale Tilikum is responsible for the deaths of three individuals, including a top killer whale trainer. Blackfish shows the sometimes devastating consequences of keeping such intelligent and sentient creatures in captivity. A veteran soldier returns from his completed tour of duty in Iraq, only to find his life turned upside down when he is arbitrarily ordered to return to field duty by the Army. A glimpse into the hypnosis sessions that took place between Dr. Benjamin Simon and Betty Hill shortly after her abduction. A dog turns from man's best friend into man's worst nightmare as he attacks everything that moves. In 1962, a U.S. soldier sent to guard the peace in South Korea deserted his unit, walked across the most heavily fortified area on earth and defected to the Cold War enemy, the communist state of North Korea. He became a star of the North Korean propaganda machine, but then disappeared from the face of the earth. Now, after 45 years, the story of James Dresnok, the last American defector in North Korea, is being told for the first time. Crossing the Line follows Dresnok as he recalls his childhood, desertion, and life in the DPRK. Documentary / Foreign - Avi Mograbi's family has lived between the 3 countries of Lebanon, Palestine and Israel for generations and witnessed the strife since the founding of the State of Israel. Mograbi researches the Arab side of his family, seeking a new approach to life in the Middle East. From PBS: Arizona's enforcement-led policy, which grew out of its unique position as a frontline border state, is reshaping the national conversation around immigration reform. With dozens of states considering a similar approach, THE STATE OF ARIZONA holds up a mirror, asking Americans who they are, and who they want to be. There's a war going on and your mind is the battlefield.  If you're one of millions who suffer from worry, doubt, confusion, depression, anger or condemnation, you are experiencing an attack in your mind.  Overcoming negative thoughts that come against your mind brings freedom and peace. Find out how to recognize damaging thought patterns and stop them from influencing your life. In this powerful conference, Joyce Meyer guides you through an honest self-appraisal by sharing the trials, tragedies and ultimate victories of her own marriage, family and ministry, including the truth she learned about what she was thinking and feeling every step of the way. 'Territory' tells a homecoming story set in Algiers. It captures the strange blend of pain and relief that comes with the end of longing, and just how much people and places can change in your absence. Crafting A Nation is a feature length documentary and new media project about how the American craft brewers are rebuilding the economy one craft beer at a time. Discussions in a town hall. Five million Americans suffer from Alzheimer's disease and dementia--many of them alone in nursing homes. A man with a simple idea discovers that songs embedded deep in memory can ease pain and awaken these fading minds. Joy and life are resuscitated, and our cultural fears over aging are confronted. Today we are facing not one but two global crises: the financial crisis but also the more insidious one relating to our misuse of natural resources. The two are so tightly linked that we will not solve the global financial crisis until we start to think of using resources more efficiently and sustainably. For example with each smart phone made, more than 50 minerals are exploited. Our growing dependence on these finite resources for new technology will only deepen the financial crisis as prices increase exponentially. A potential battleground for the future has been laid, as these resources get more and more scarce. Planet RE:think investigates where we are failing and gives hope for our future on a planet with finite resources. A young medical student finds himself entrenched in a web of intrigue when he's sent to care for the former US Ambassador to Syria. Christopher Cousins, Vivica A. Fox and Missi Pyle co-star in Loomis' thrilling drama. Sent on a quest to rescue a princess, four clueless players must guide their players through dangerous forests, ancient ruins, and past the girl next door. In this unflinching documentary, eight women who have survived rape candidly discuss their experiences. A futuristic prison movie. Protagonist and wife are nabbed at a future US emigration point with an illegal baby during population control. The resulting prison experience is the subject of the movie. The prison is a futuristic one run by a private corporation bent on mind control in various ways Tourism takes its toll on the inhabitability of Venice. In 2019, Lincoln Six-Echo is a resident of a seemingly "Utopian" but contained facility. Like all of the inhabitants of this carefully-controlled environment, Lincoln hopes to be chosen to go to The Island -- reportedly the last uncontaminated location on the planet. But Lincoln soon discovers that everything about his existence is a lie. A few people decide to found their own little state n the middle of Germany, near Berlin... Documentary exploring the human tendency to be dishonest. Inspired by the work of social scientist, Dan Ariely, the film interweaves personal stories, expert opinions, behavioral experiments, and archival footage to reveal how and why people lie. We Are Alive! The Fight To Save Braddock Hospital is a documentary feature film about the fight for quality health-care for all. It is about the fight residents from Braddock, Pennsylvania and the Mon-Valley waged against the ten billion dollar non-profit medical corporate giant University of Pittsburgh Medical Center to keep their community hospital, UPMC Braddock, open. This 'cinema verite' style documentary was shot over a 2 1/2 year period, from October 2009 to June 2012. The film follows the community from disbelief, to anger, to organizing, to taking it to the streets. A love letter to the game of baseball from the place you'd least expect. The true story of the first African team to play in the Little League World Series. After three years of agonizing ups and downs, a team of 11-12 year-olds win their way into the most prestigious sports tournament in the world. Filmmaker Jay Shapiro followed this baseball community from the slums and countryside of Uganda for over three years. As they embrace America's pastime (and the game's fans embrace them), the team of orphans and lost boys becomes a family, and something for the people of that poverty-stricken place to cheer for. Wall Street's leading insiders participate in a startling investigation into the potential systems failure looming for the US Stock Market and the impact of automated trading technology as regulators are challenged to act before its too late. Eight years in the making, The Joe Show is a shocking and wildly entertaining documentary about America's most controversial Sheriff, Joe Arpaio, and his ringmaster's approach to modern media, politics and law enforcement. Joe's desire for fame changes democracy forever and the voters cheer as ratings soar.  The Joe Show explores how Joe uses media and his role as Sheriff to make himself the most famous law enforcement officer in the world. Racism, sex crimes, illegal immigration, first amendment rights, deaths at the hands of his employees - even Obama's birth certificate - are all issues Joe faces and spins.  Featuring Larry King, Steven Seagal, Hugh Downs, Ted Nugent, Dan Ariely and Noam Chomsky  A movie that will engage and enlighten both Joe's detractors and supporters, the Joe Show takes a hard yet balanced look at how democracy can survive when persuading voters becomes more important than protecting them. On the oldest Roman road in the capital, filmmaker Marc Isaacs weaves together numerous poignant stories of loss and the search for belonging into a tapestry of the human experience. Keelta a young Irish woman leaves home to build a new life for herself on the road where Billy, the old Irish labourer is struggling to find a meaning to his life. Peggy, a 95 year old Jewish refugee from Vienna and Brigitte, a German born former air hostess, have both suffered bad husbands, whilst Iqbal, an unassuming Indian hotel concierge, awaits the arrival of his wife from Kashmir. A film that forces you to recognise the struggles and preoccupations of its characters as our own. Bombarded by thousands of images every day, are we still able to truly see them, especially those of conflict and its aftermath? Helen Doyle takes us on a quest for the meaning of images and discovers a vast palette of contrasting images which shock and compel. Stars from the Watchmen movie team up in the amazing live-action/CGI Under the Hood, based on Nite Owl's powerful firsthand account of how the hooded adventurers came into existence. Edible City introduces a diverse cast of extraordinary characters who are challenging the paradigm of our broken food system. The film digs deep into their unique perspectives and transformative work, finding inspirational, grass-roots solutions based on growing local food systems and economies. Tuomas, a man in his thirties, has lost everything in Thailand - his family, his possessions and the trust of his friends. Hoping to qualify for an early age pension in his native Finland, Tuomas is in such a bad shape that even his legs can't support his skeletal body anymore.  Will anything change when Tuomas's friends decide to help the man with a drinking problem for one last time and set out to get him home from the streets of Thailand? On the brink of the 2007 U.S. troop surge, two Army Recruiters face the daunting pressures of recruitment while their own deployment is on the line. Sgt. Harris (Lew Temple) has been stationed in the recruiting office long enough for it to feel like home. On the other side of the world, a roadside bomb rips through a Humvee, and after recovering from the attack, Sgt. Mason (Clayne Crawford) gets reassigned and winds up in Harris's office. Mason wants to go back to the front lines, but he finds out that the war isn't confined to the battlefield. Palestinians and Israelis pursue conflicting visions of justice in the West Bank, zeroing in on the explosive issue of the Israeli settlements: its protagonists are both Israeli settlers and the Palestinians and Israelis who oppose them. Through interviews with both victims and instigators, Nanfu Wang, a first-time mother, breaks open decades of silence on a vast, unprecedented social experiment that shaped -- and destroyed -- countless lives in China. A three-part anthology film about love and sexuality: a menage-a-trois between a couple and a young woman on the coast of Tuscany; an advertising executive under enormous pressure at work, who, during visits to his psychiatrist, is pulled to delve into the possible reasons why his stress seems to manifest itself in a recurring erotic dream; and a story of unrequited love about a beautiful, 1960s high-end call girl in an impossible affair with her young tailor.  An exploration of the life and music of Miles Davis. Somewhere in the desert of North Africa there are cadavers lying around, never ceasing to stare at the dreamlike landscape of deep blue skies and golden sand. With blank holes in their skulls and blackened skin, they fall prey for grave robbers specializing in illegal immigrants jumping the makeshift boats sailing up to Sicily.  Those who manage to hold on to life on the boisterous waters embark on an equally dangerous journey to mainland Europe. Following the paths of immigrants balancing their lives in the shadow economy, this film unlocks a merciless narrative echoing the existential fright and the ceaseless longing for loved ones. Instead of plainly appealing to empathy, it confronts the viewers with the universal fear of abandonment and lonesomeness. Nearly 100 years after its creation, the power of the U.S. Federal Reserve has never been greater. Markets and governments around the world hold their breath in anticipation of the Fed Chairman's every word. Yet the average person knows very little about the most powerful - and least understood - financial institution on earth. Narrated by Liev Schreiber, Money For Nothing is the first film to take viewers inside the Fed and reveal the impact of Fed policies - past, present, and future - on our lives. Join current and former Fed officials as they debate the critics, and each other, about the decisions that helped lead the global financial system to the brink of collapse in 2008. And why we might be headed there again. Residents of a small community fight for clean drinking water as the contaminated soil of an old manufacturing plant continues leaking dangerous toxins into ground more than twenty years after the threat was first reported to the EPA. 'Pan Play Decadence' tells the story of the poignant lives of people united by their passion for 'transgression'. Felico, a hockey champ in a wheelchair, Kraian, a school teacher fond of S &amp; M, Federicona, a romantic fifty year old transsexual that works in the streets, still in love with the man with whom she was engaged to twenty years ago. These are just some of the stories that intersect in this living fresco: 'Pan Play Decadence' is a film in the making, a document of a contemporary world, ranging from little-known instances of collective and individual needs, the search for touching paths of intimate salvation. A married couple take a year long road trip looking for answers after being shunned and run out of a small town in Minnesota. they seek advice and answers from pig farmers and rock stars and all walks in between. The meaning of life questioned and answered Directed by Wancang Bu. The lives of vastly separate people collide in interweaving stories of liberty, identity, tolerance, responsibility and class. This is a story about a mother's love for her child and an activist's love for his country - and the stakes are life and death. Spanning five countries, THE ABOMINABLE CRIME explores the impacts of homophobia through the eyes of two gay Jamaicans who are forced to choose between their homeland and their lives. Simone, a young lesbian mother, survives being shot outside of her home by anti-gay gunmen. She must choose between living in hiding with her daughter in Jamaica or traveling alone to seek safety and asylum abroad. Maurice, Jamaica's leading gay-rights activist, is outed shortly after filing a lawsuit to overturn Jamaica's anti-sodomy law. He escapes to Canada, but decides to return to continue his activism. DramaConsult a film by Dorothee Wenner DramaConsult has initiated an ethnographic expedition from Africa to Europe. The protagonists are real life businessmen from Lagos: A spare parts dealer, a real estate developer and a young shoe manufacturer with high-flying plans. Accompanied by two smart business consultants, the group travels to Germany to link up with potential partners and investors. The film tracks the process of economic intervention as an adventure trip in the era of globalization. A historical account of the complex plot surrounding police brutality in Puerto Rico, by means of vivid videos intertwined with eyewitness accounts. The documentary is a reflection of the near mute reality that affects societies everywhere, a situation in which protectors victimize those they have sworn to protect. A journey across America's Route 66 finds a country united in disappointment with the status quo in Washington. Since the onset of the crisis in Greece, a growing number of young unemployed Athenians have moved to the countryside, hoping to change their lives for the better. The film follows 35-yearold Thodoris, as he settles on the remote island of Ikaria to live off the land. There, he discovers a society with a unique culture of autonomy and cooperation, and a people who live not only better, but longer than everyone else, making the island one of the world's few 'blue zones', where inhabitants enjoy extraordinary longevity. Director Nikos Dayandas goes in search of the Ikarian secret, discovering how the islanders' radically different lives become increasingly relevant in times of economic and social upheaval. In the wake of Hurricane Katrina, New Orleans officials transformed the city's education system by increasing the number of charter schools as they rebuilt. This inspiring documentary traces the creative new model's evolution through four schools. Just Gender tackles the little understood world of transgender people. Although Just Gender utilizes some archival footage and stills, it is largely built on a series of interviews of transgendered persons, their family members and friends, health care experts, community leaders and others who work with the transgender community. The film explores the common myths and misunderstandings about transgendered people. It also explores the confusion between sexual orientation and gender identity, as reflected in the rigid binary view of the world generally held by society. Just Gender also touches on the discrimination, hardships and brutality resulting from those misconceptions and prejudices, including the numerous deaths caused by hate each year. Machine to Die For is about the search for perpetual motion and free energy.  Conventional science claims this is impossible, yet generations of inventors have been mesmerized by the promise of an engine that powers itself.  The world's reliance on diminishing fossil fuel resources and the associated problems of pollution serve to spur them on.  A Machine to Die For showcases a number of dedicated, sometimes eccentric, and always obsessive individuals who have devoted their lives to this quest.  The documentary could be used as a resource when studying motion and simple machines in secondary science and physics.  It could also serve as a springboard for discussions about inventors and inventions and the history of scientific endeavors. It would be suitable for teachers of middle to senior secondary students in Science. Behind the scenes of a popular deli on New York's Upper East Side, undocumented immigrant workers face sublegal wages, dangerous machinery, and abusive managers. Mild-mannered sandwich maker Mahoma Lopez has never been interested in politics, but in Jan. 2012, he convinces a small group of his co-workers to fight back. Risking deportation and the loss of livelihood, the workers team up with a diverse crew of innovative young organizers and take the unusual step of forming an independent union, launching themselves on a journey that will test the limits of their resolve. In one rollercoaster year, they must overcome a shocking betrayal and a two month lockout. Lawyers will battle in backroom negotiations, Occupy Wall Street protesters will take over the restaurant, and a picket line will divide the neighborhood. If they can win a contract, it will set a historic precedent for low-wage workers across the country. But whatever happens, Mahoma and his companeros won't be exploited again. Documentary - An outraged community of business owners and amusement activists embark on a 3-year roller coaster journey to protect the future of legendary Coney Island Amusement Park from an unscrupulous real estate developer and a group of misguided politicians. - United Natures - a United Nations of all species. A documentary feature film on the Universal Declaration of the Rights of Mother Earth, jurisprudence, philosophy, permaculture, spirituality and a neo-indigenous future for humanity. A documentary about the development and spread of the virtual currency called Bitcoin. For Alyssia and Ilaria, every farewell is also a reunion. Just a while ago they were at the Italian Mediterranean coast, now here they are standing at a parking lot in front of an Esso gas station, waiting for their father's car to appear around the corner. Affectionately, they bid their mother good-bye for now. The two sisters' parents are separated. Just like Carleton, Sherazade and Thomas, the two girls have found their own way of dealing with the situation. An extraordinary story of murder, love and political conspiracy triggered when a video of a murdered Guatemalan lawyer surfaced on Youtube in which he foretold his own death and named the culprits. Leyre lives a quiet and comfortable life which ends abruptly when an act of rage of her teenage son leads her to protect him by any means necessary. As we enter the 21st century, humanity becomes increasingly disconnected from the environment and food production. Rural family farms are faced with falling agriculture prices and our greenhouse gas production is leading towards certain danger. In the state of Vermont an idea is brewing that could change the entire country and every farm along with it: Cow Power. Documentary about an eclectic group of students from all corners of the planet at one of the world's top industrial design schools in Sweden's faraway north just below the Arctic Circle. The film explores everyday life and dynamic design processes at Umea Institute of Design during the school's 25th anniversary when traditionally generous and export-driven Sweden has decided to impose steep tuition fees for non-Europeans, the very students instrumental in making the school what it is today. A documentary about juveniles who are serving life in prison without parole and their victims' families. The Pit of Death is what some scientists are calling it, others "Dinosaur Pompeii". Envision dinosaur corpses stacked one on top of each other, piled four and five high. But not just any old dinosaurs, new, well-preserved skeletons - many that have never been seen before. A bizarre T. rex ancestor, a triceratops ancestor, an ancient crocodilian and nearly 40 different species dating back 160 million years, a time in dinosaur history of which little is known. The graves of these new species are uncovered deep in the dry and desolate Junggar Basin of western China and a team of palaeontologists unearth answers to this virtual black hole in dinosaur evolution. Watch as the bones are examined, reconstructed and brought back to life, using high resolution CGI, and slowly probe the mystery of who these dinosaurs were, how they died and what they can tell us about the Lost Age of the Dinosaurs. Undercover for nearly 2 years, award winning director and musician, Adam Ross is finally going public with his latest film.  CASH CROP is a feature length documentary road trip throughout California to the Emerald Triangle and the heart of the American Dream exploring America's largest cash crop: marijuana. The millennial generation was dealt a hard hand in early adulthood. Adjusting previous expectations with realities. When Zoey Radkey and Nate Homve have a chance meeting, their clashing ideas of hope may change how they live forever. Citizen Autistic offers an inside look at the activists on the frontlines of the autism war--the fight for human rights and self-advocacy. Featuring interviews with Ari Ne'eman, President of the Autistic Self Advocacy Network, Landon Bryce, founder of thAutcast.com, artist Robyn Steward, Clarissa Kripke, MD, and activist Zoe Gross, who discuss how Autism Speaks, one of the largest organizations in America, relies on propaganda to raise funds for genetic research without considering families touched by autism. Directed by William Davenport (Too Sane for this World), Citizen Autistic seeks to expose the controversies provoked by the organization's so-called advocacy by giving voice to some of the most articulate members of the communities it claims to represent. Set in a Tex-Mex border town, Not Forgotten is a classic psychological thriller about Jack and Amaya Bishop, a couple who must come to terms with their tortured pasts in order to save their kidnapped daughter. It is a tale taut with intrigue and steeped in Latino mysticism, where the line between what's real and what's imagined becomes hopelessly blurred. A lawyer begins a sordid fling with an attractive young woman whom he slowly begins to suspect to be a serial killer of men. In the compelling follow-up to the internationally award-winning documentary, "Burzynski: the Movie,", Part II explores the current status of Antineoplastons' clinical testing sanctioned by the United States Food &amp; Drug Administration - and features a modern story of the struggling journeys of cancer patients being treated today at the Burzynski Clinic in Houston, Texas.  Since the mapping of the Cancer Genome, Burzynski has pioneered an expansion of his therapy, which he calls, "Personalized Gene-Targeted Cancer Therapy", where each patient's Genomic Cancer Atlas is mapped and a treatment regimen is personally tailored for each individual patient - vs. the conveyor belt, "one-size-fits-all" approach that current oncology adheres to. We've sought ease, comfort and wealth - but are people happier with more money? What is the science behind a good life? Following several people over a typical year, "A Small Good Thing" looks at the simple sources of human happiness. Denizens of the British Columbia archipelago unite to protect their land. Popeye gives Olive a parrot that he's trained. Bluto sets the bird free and then tries to kill it. Storm Soldiers tells the story of America's unsung first responders. Linemen work behind the scenes protecting our way of life, rebuilding after natural disasters and putting their lives on the line everyday. Almost half of America's 400,000 linemen are scheduled for retirement in the next five to ten years. Without an influx of new linemen entering the trade, who's going to to keep the power on? Many German products have made it to the top by sporting the label "Made in Germany". But Germany has also succeeded in securing a leading position in Europe by means of a very special service: prostitution. For the very first time, this documentary lifts the lid on how sex tourists from all corners of the globe come to Germany to enjoy a brothel holiday, with punters from Europe, the USA and Asia. The price-performance ratio is internationally as good as unrivalled. For six days and nights, the brothel holidaymakers make their way from one amusement institution to the next. At the top of the itinerary are the so-called flat rate 'whorehouses', where one payment secures as much unlimited sex and drinks as one wants. It's a side of Germany most people have never heard of - let alone seen. Since the first Gold Rush in the late 1890s the Yukon with its legendary Klondike Gold Fields has been known as a remote country shrouded in mystery. A lesser-known fact is that the area around Dawson City still attracts prospectors from all over the world. What unites them is the unshakable belief that the fabled "mother lode" has not been found yet. The film chronicles the hunt for the hidden treasure. Besides the usual greenhorns and dreamers, there is the unlucky sourdough Corwin who stakes ever new claims in the hope of striking it rich one day. His antagonist Timothy discovered a gold bearing creek many years ago. Now he spends his winters in the Philippines while toiling away in the summertime. He has no qualms about his activities and considers the environmental damage he causes to be "just temporary". Middle school, New York City. Everyone's got a secret. Josh and Rachel have been best friends since second grade, but their relationship is about to change. The Viper has an online blog dedicated to exposing people's innermost secrets and he's just found out the whopper of them all. Out of My Comfort Zone is about self-identity, gender, love, expectations, stereotypes, cyber-bullying, and friendship. It's more uncomfortable to be something you're not than to be who you are. Out of My Comfort Zone pokes holes in school stereotypes and suggests that finding your comfort zone sometimes comes at a price. This film is about the greatest rip-off in history - the very way money and debt are created and controlled. This affects everyone on the planet, and is the basic cause of all of our economic problems today. Until we all recognize this - in every nation - there is nothing any national government does will fix the problem, and all of us will see mounting debts and sinking standards of living. Our children will inherit this mess, and it will get worse every single year. The truth is that depressions are NOT normal. They are contrived. The truth is that nations don't need a national debt. The truth is that nations don't have to borrow. Why would you borrow when you can create the money you need? The truth is that governments generally aren't PRINTING money wildly; governments are BORROWING money wildly. The good news is we CAN fix this. It won't take a war or a revolution; it only takes a simple understanding of the problem, and its simple solution. The truth is that ANYONE can The September 11th attacks began a decade-long period of anti-immigrant policies in the United States. As a consequence, the US began the mass-deportation of "non-citizens." Current estimates are between 4 to 6 million. Those hit hardest by these new policies were Latinos, primarily Mexicans, who make up 97% of those deported. Dwarves Kingdom is a documentary film about a theme park featuring performances by little people with dwarfism who live in a fantasy recreation of a magical empire. Built by a wealthy Chinese businessman, this other-worldly kingdom, officially called World Ecological Garden of Butterfly and Little People Kingdom, is located in the mountains surrounding the city of Kunming in Western China. Deep in the wilds of Southern Appalachia, lifelong moonshiner Popcorn Sutton runs 1 last batch of accurate moonshine whiskey. By means of the exhausting work of clearing the site, building a rock and clay furnace, brewing corn mash and producing high-proof moonshine, Sutton reveals the craft of standard distillation, the character of his Scots-Irish ancestors, and a lifetime of memories in the trade. Seeds of Time follows agriculture pioneer Cary Fowler's global journey to save the eroding foundation of our food supply in a new era of climate change. Great cities for cycling, are better places for everyone. Bike City, Great City is an uplifting ride through cities that are embracing cycling as a liberating, convenient and healthy way to get where you want to go. The documentary tells four stories by drawing parallels between the cycles of water and the cycles of life. Its main characters belong to the most representative part of rural and urban Indian society "Getting married is crazy! I only want to be in relationships!" The life story of a woman who doesn't want to settle for one man. Her mom nags at her to get married, her superior grills her to bring results and her boyfriend turns out to be married. Soo-kyeong comforts herself with some spicy food. One lonely birthday, she ends up having sex with the chef of the spicy food restaurant. They fit well mentally and physically so they get closer but Soo-kyeong rejects the chef's marriage proposal. The chef gets married with someone else and asks her, "I got married with someone else like you said. Now will you have a relationship with me?" Based on a short story by Houshang Golshiri, who also collaborated with director Bahman Farmanara on his breakout feature Prince Ehtejab (1974), this film centers on mysterious and chilling events that take place in a village. A group of superstitious inhabitants have erected a scarecrow for protection but soon find themselves terrorized by it. Made at the end of the Shah's reign, the film offers a metaphorical reflection on power relations -- how people create their own idols who turn around to terrorize them. The film's alleged political message was found so dangerous that it was banned both pre- and post-revolution. It was presented to great acclaim in Cannes Film Festival's Critics' Week section. A Europe film entirely shot in Africa? Listen to the tragic stories of unwilling sex workers who wanted to or had to leave the coldness of Europe. Warm and colourful as only Africa (in this case Nigeria) can be. A sound, committed documentary. As it should be. California has been arguing over whether or not marijuana should be legal for over 100 years. Now there's a new judge in this trial - you. A short comedy about a boy who buys a dog during the holidays; the family seems unable to get rid of it. The journey of the thousands of people from Central America and Mexico who leave their homes and families and suffer extraordinary brutality -or loss of life itself- in search of the American Dream. 48% of all CO2 generated and energy used in the US comes from buildings. Passive House: A Building Revolution explains this environmental challenge and opportunity. It shows that it is possible to reduce the primary energy used in buildings by 80-90%, as compared to the 15 to 35% goals currently set by Energy Star, LEED, and the National Association of Homebuilders' Green Building Program. It also introduces the importance of retrofitting our 116 million existing homes. The film describes a rapidly growing movement in Europe and the US aimed towards drastically reducing building energy consumption. It tells the story of America's super-insulated house movement of the 1970s, which led to the German Passiv Haus. Today there are more than 20,000 such buildings in Europe. The film showcase architects, builders and home owners from across the country who9 share their experience of building a Passive House or doing a deep-en3eryg retrofit. A skinny, naive go go dancer meets with unexpected rejection when he attempts to fulfill his childhood 'Flashdance' fantasy. A documentary of the difficulties printed newspapers are going through concentrating on the loss of investigative journalism. The college president, the head cheerleader and a gambling gangster try to keep a flunking football star in the game Three friends embark on a journey to a land that was once forbidden but a sudden encounter forces them to return to yet another land of turmoil and terror. A disillusioned writer narrates his walk down to his lover's house whilst reflecting on his daily occurrences and the life he has chosen for himself. In 1981, Pinochet privatized almost all of Chile's water resources and in the following thirty years the rights to their water were sold to large companies and corporations for producing hydroelectric power. Now the construction of five large dams on the Pascua and Baker rivers is threatening Chilean Patagonia. It's a hot summer day in 1933 in South Philly, where 12-year old Gennaro lives with his widowed mom and his ailing grandpa, who sits outside holding tight to his last quarter, which he's promised to Gennaro and which Gennaro would like to have to buy a ticket to the plush new movie theater. But grandpa's not ready to pass on the quarter or pass on to his final reward: he has some unfinished business with a woman from his past, and he enlists Gennaro to act as his emissary. Lysanne poured her heart and soul in the 2012 Quebec student protests. In the midst of the movement's demise, she comes face to face with herself. This pushes her to go back to the conflict's source to find the true meaning behind her actions. Forget the pie charts, color-coded maps and hyperventilating pundits. What's the street-level experience of voters in today's America? In a triumph of documentary storytelling, ELECTION DAY combines eleven stories--all shot simultaneously on November 2, 2004, from dawn until long past midnight--into one. Factory workers, ex-felons, harried moms, Native American activists and diligent poll watchers, from South Dakota to Florida, take the process of democracy into their own hands. The result: an entertaining, inspiring and sometimes unsettling tapestry of citizens determined on one fateful day to make their votes count. Salmon Confidential portrays the government cover-up of what is killing BC's wild salmon. When biologist Alexandra Morton discovers salmon in BC are testing positive for dangerous European viruses, a chain of events is is set off by government to suppress these findings. Tracking viruses, Morton moves from courtrooms into British Columbia's most remote rivers, Vancouver grocery stores and sushi restaurants. The film documents Morton's journey as she attempts to overcome government and industry roadblocks thrown in her path and works to bring critical information to the public in time to save BC's wild salmon. The film provides surprising insight into the workings of government agencies, and rare footage of bureaucrats tasked with managing the safety of our fish and food supply. The popular resistance to the current Greek economic crisis explored and expressed through the ethical and political writings of Ancient Greece.  Short film taking place during the events of Despicable Me 3 (2017). A documentary about the world of software and the software makers. How do people from outside the industry see it and what do people from inside the industry think about regular computer users? The Flintstones and Rubbles win a trip on "Make a Deal or Don't" to Count Rockula's castle in Rocksylvania where they have an unpleasant meeting with the Count and his servant Frankenstone. A woman disappears after a tumultuous evening with her father and boyfriend at a family party. Nicholas Vreeland walked away from a worldly life of privilege to become a Tibetan Buddhist monk. Grandson of legendary Vogue editor, Diana Vreeland, and trained by Irving Penn to become a photographer, Nicholas' life changed drastically upon meeting a Tibetan master, one of the teachers of the Dalai Lama. Soon thereafter, he gave up his glamorous life to live in a monastery in India, where he studied Buddhism for fourteen years. In an ironic twist of fate, Nicholas went back to photography to help his fellow monks rebuild their monastery. Recently, the Dalai Lama appointed Nicholas as Abbot of the monastery, making him the first Westerner in Tibetan Buddhist history, to attain such a highly regarded position. Shelia, a single mom and sometime paranormal investigator, is enlisted to investigate a possible "haunting" at a widower's farmhouse in East Tennessee. InRealLife takes us on a journey from the bedrooms of British teenagers to the world of Silicon Valley, to find out what exactly the internet is doing to our children. Kickstarted is a documentary about the crowdfunding revolution. It follows the journeys of three passionate creators: a musician with debilitating disease, a never-say-die filmmaker, and a pair of hopeful inventors, all of whom turn to the crowd in order to fund their dreams. On the path to Kickstarter success, they all find out that bringing your project to life requires a lot more than money from the crowd. Captured over two years, "Daddy Don't Go" is a feature length documentary about four disadvantaged fathers in New York City as they struggle to beat the odds and defy the deadbeat dad stereotype. Honor Diaries is the first film to break the silence on 'honor violence' against women and girls.  Honor Diaries is more than a movie, it is a movement to save women and girls from human rights abuses - around the world and here in America. Ukraine's topless feminist sensation Femen has created a media frenzy across Europe, but before they take the world by storm, these bold and beautiful women must confront the dark and perverse forces that power their organisation. For three weeks in September 2008, one person was charged with preventing the collapse of the global economy. No one understood the financial markets better than Hank Paulson, the former CEO of Goldman Sachs. In Hank: Five Years from the Brink, Paulson tells the complete story of how he persuaded banks, Congress and presidential candidates to sign off on nearly $1 trillion in bailouts - even as he found the behavior that led to the crisis, and the bailouts themselves, morally reprehensible. Directed by Academy Award nominee Joe Berlinger (Paradise Lost Trilogy, Some Kind of Monster), the film features Paulson, and his wife of 40 years, Wendy. it's a riveting portrait of leadership under unimaginable pressure - and a marriage under unfathomable circumstances. It tells the amazing true story of a top Soviet bloc spy chief who, at great risk, left the "dark side" to shine a light on the greatest source of political evil in today's world. Today, living in the U.S. under a protected identity due to assassination threats, Gen. Ion Mihai Pacepa reveals the secret strategies that, to this day, are undermining and destroying Western civilization. The documentary includes rare interviews, dramatic footage and high-level insider information. Prepare yourself for a truly eye-opening experience. The extra CO2 in atmosphere is trapping heat &amp; threatening life in our precious planet. A group of visionaries, scientists, farmers &amp; communities focus on solutions that can help create a healthier planet for all of us. This new progressive life style regenerates the soil, creates healthier food, builds communities, &amp; most importantly increases top soil. Top soil, the skin of the earth, &amp; where the life of the plant exists, is where our food comes from. According to many scientists, ranchers, &amp; environmentalists, by increasing the top soil, we can pull the extra CO2 in atmosphere back into soil &amp; fix the global climate change. But we all have to get involved and be a part of this solution. 3 ex-presidents of Brazil, 12 ex-ministers of State, 7 ex-governors of the Central Bank, bank owners and finance specialists tell the Brazilian economic history and speculate about the present and the future of the country. 125 years ago Brazil was a poor country with slavery. 60 years ago 50% of Brazilians were illiterate. 25 years ago inflation rate reached 84% a month and 35% of the population was extremely poor. In 2013, Brazil ranks the seventh world's largest economy, inflation reached 5,4% a year, poverty was reduced to 12% and the country is looking forward to be wealthy. Will it happen? Agile cutting, simple language and smart graphic arts allow the answer to this and other questions to be interesting and available to all audiences. An escalating dispute with the Shadow Clan, a newcomer from the Surface, and all the usual thugs-Eli and the Shane Gang have their hands full from the moment they return home from the Eastern Caverns. Film from Andrew Morgan.  The True Cost is a documentary film exploring the impact of fashion on people and the planet. This gripping new documentary film tells the untold story of millions of women in India who are culturally persecuted for no other reason than the fact that they are women. However, despite the centuries of oppression, there are those who are reaching out and trying to change the culture towards women, from the inside out. BROTHERS OF THE BLACK LIST tells the story behind the longest litigated civil rights case in American history. It all began in September 1992, when an elderly woman in Oneonta, New York reported that she had been attacked in an attempted rape by a young Black male who cut his hand during the altercation. This led to a college administrator at nearby SUNY Oneonta giving the police a list of the names and residences of the 125 Black men who attended the school. Police used this list to track down every Black male in town, questioning them and demanding to see their hands. Olof Koskela, the only son is driven from home when he wants to marry the wrong girl. He takes a job as a floater. His reputation as a womanizer goes far and wide. When he meets the proud Kyllikki, he enters into a bet to defeat the mighty rapids standing on a log. An in-depth look at the torture practices of the United States in Afghanistan, Iraq and Guantanamo Bay, focusing on an innocent taxi driver in Afghanistan who was tortured and killed in 2002. It's 1971, and 2000 members of the Pakistani Army--armed with tanks--are at war with just 120 men in a battalion of Indian soldiers based in the Longewala region of Rajasthan in India. THE AMERICAN NURSE is a heart-warming film that explores some of the biggest issues facing America - aging, war, poverty, prisons - through the work and lives of nurses. It is an examination of real people that will change how we think about nurses and how we wrestle with the challenges of healing America. THE AMERICAN NURSE is an important contribution to America's ongoing conversation about what it means to care. The film follows the paths of five nurses in various practice specialties including Jason Short as he drives up a rugged creek to reach a home-bound cancer patient in Appalachia. Tonia Faust, who runs a prison hospice program where inmates serving life sentences care for their fellow inmates as they're dying. Naomi Cross, as she coaches an ovarian cancer survivor through the Caesarean delivery of her son. Sister Stephen, a nun who runs a nursing home filled with goats, sheep, llamas and chickens, where the entire nursing staff comes together to sing for a dying resident. A flamboyant restaurateur, a good ol' boy and a political ingenue, walk into a small town political contest and compete head to head to head, for the non-paid mayoral seat of the Tomato Republic. What happens next is anyones guess. The only thing that could slow this race down is a freight train. Let the takeover begin.  - Written by Whitney Graham Carter Three thugs attempting to rob a petrol station are interrupted by three stoners with a severe case of the munchies. Three college students find solace and healing in the arts, overcoming their personal history with mental health. This fantastic documentary celebrates the 100th birthday of Sir Georg Solti, one of the 20th century's most brilliant conductors and a leading figure of musical culture worldwide. His major conducting appointments are central to the film, as are the memories of great musicians like Valery Gergiev, C. von Dohn+!nyi. A bonus concert with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra shows Solti at the top of his game. Young schoolgirl Emily has been caught running in the hallway again... She is kept in detention and is forced to write lines by her teacher. All alone in the eerily quiet classroom, Emily's night becomes a nightmare when she discovers the mystery of the 'RED LINES'. The Art Of Burning is a 3D documentary about the art and artists at Burning Man, their process, achievements and struggles. Turlock, chronicles the story of over 50,000 animals left to starve to death in Turlock California in February 2012. Faced with the largest animal neglect case in US history, ANIMAL PLACE, a sanctuary for farmed animals, puts everything on the line in an effort to save as many lives as possible. Through the emotional darkness of witnessing tremendous cruelty and neglect, rescuers find light in the fragile beings they are able to save. Produced by First Spark Media, Animal Place and a grant from The Pollination Project, the film delves into the reality of animal farming and raises questions about how we view non-human animals in our society today. There exists an ancient manuscript still writing itself called the Lexicon. It supposedly tells of the coming of the Anti-Christ, and happens to fall into the hands of an unsuspecting woman (Kari Wuhrer). Now, she is being pursued by angels intent on obtaining the information from the book With over 300 million firearms, the U.S. holds the highest rate of gun ownership per capita in the world. Meanwhile, with each gun-related tragedy, the question remains whether to regulate or to arm. Increasing demand, illegal distribution and emerging 3D technologies threaten to upend the traditional debate of gun control. As discussed in interviews from Austin to Grand Rapids, Denver to New York City, NO CONTROL seeks to address the efficacy of gun laws and the ongoing debate between personal freedom and public safety in a candid discussion of one of the most complex, contentious issues in American history. Documentary - America's most popular and iconic seafood is really a cheap foreign import. Raising Shrimp paints the economic and medical perils of an outsourced food supply,and follows Ted, an engineer, and Andy, an ecologist, on a quest for a better shrimp. In Texas, they find fishermen pushed from riches to rags by imports. In Belize, they find shrimp farmers striving for a natural balance with jungles and lagoons, but again globalization takes its toll, and the best farm collapses. Back home in the U.S. pioneering farmers harness the power of bacteria to grow shrimp inside a darkened warehouse without any waste. Encouraged, Andy and Ted see that raising shrimp this way offers hope for all. -  Andy Danylchuk, Ted Caplow With a helmet-mounted video camera and one camera in-hand, Arkadiusz Podniesnski travels alone through the restricted zone around the Chernobyl nuclear power plant. Abandoned towns and villages and the tragedy of hundreds of thousands of people are the most meaningful examples of careless handling of nuclear energy. The last failure in the nuclear power plant in Japan once again demonstrated that protections are never enough, because we are not able to anticipate every hazard that arises from natural disasters, unreliable technology or human error. If so, who will be next? Is it worth the risk? Two cunning and manipulative drifters venture into Farifield County, Connecticut looking to seduce wealthy and lonely housewives. As cinemas in the city are closing their doors, the relationship between Leandro and his son Martin fades away. Leandro will try to redeem his past errors on time for Martin to be able to dream again. Casablanca Calling is the story of a quiet social revolution in Morocco. In a country where 60% of women have never been to school, a new generation of women have started work as official Muslim leaders or Morchidat. The Morchidat work in some of the poorest communities in Morocco to separate the true teachings of Islam from prejudice and misunderstanding; support girls' education; campaign against early marriage; and encourage young people to build a better Morocco, rather than dreaming of life in the West. Casablanca Calling is an intimate portrait of three Morchidat, and the story of a society in transition and a mission to educate a nation. An unflinching look at how women are treated in the USA today examining issues such as workplace harassment, domestic violence, rape and sexual assault. It shows how discriminatory attitudes still prevail and influence society and argues for the need to improv laws that claim to protect women Through interviews filmed over four years, Noam Chomsky unpacks the principles that have brought us to the crossroads of historically unprecedented inequality - tracing a half-century of policies designed to favor the most wealthy at the expense of the majority - while also looking back on his own life of activism and political participation. He provides penetrating insight into what may well be the lasting legacy of our time - the death of the middle class, and swan song of functioning democracy. 'Crossroads: Labor Pains of a New Worldview' is a documentary exploring the depths of the current human condition and the emergence of an integrated worldview. Weaving together insights and findings from biology, psychology, network science, systems science, business, culture and media, the film reveals the inner workings of the human experience in the 21st century, urging viewers to step out of the box and challenge their own assumptions about who we really are, and why we do what we do. RiverBlue chronicles an unprecedented around-the-world river adventure, led by renowned paddler and conservationist, Mark Angelo, who ends up uncovering and documenting the dark side of the global fashion industry. A factual science based review and evaluation of vaccines and their impact on our health. Experts detail how fraught the widespread use of vaccines is for our current and future generations. An 8 year old boy must return his friend's notebook he took by mistake, lest his friend be punished by expulsion from school. A poetic documentation of the Long Beach Island, NJ community as they battle local politics, cope with personal tragedy, and band together after Hurricane Sandy. Marshall Philips, experienced commercial jet pilot, tries to unscramble a puzzle that's bothering him. When he and his children are shot dead, local authorities rule it a murder-suicide. Journalist Madison Freeman pursues answers. Anger rages in Philip as he awaits the publication of his second novel. He feels pushed out of his adopted home city by the constant crowds and noise, a deteriorating relationship with his photographer girlfriend Ashley, and his own indifference to promoting the novel. When Philip's idol Ike Zimmerman offers his isolated summer home as a refuge, he finally gets the peace and quiet to focus on his favorite subject: himself. With the rapid emergence of digital devices, an unstoppable, invisible force is changing human lives in ways from the microscopic to the gargantuan: Big Data, a word that was barely used a few years ago but now governs the day for many of us from the moment we awaken to the extinguishing of the final late-evening light bulb. This massive gathering and analyzing of data in real time is allowing us to not only address some of humanity biggest challenges but is also helping create a new kind of planetary nervous system. Yet as Edward Snowden and the release of the Prism documents have shown, the accessibility of all these data comes at a steep price. The Human Face of Big Data captures the promise and peril of this extraordinary knowledge revolution. In 1995, drug suppliers and career criminals Tony Tucker, Patrick Tate and Craig Rolfe were blasted to death by a shot gun whilst waiting in a Range Rover in Rettendon, Essex. The film charts their rise to become the most prolific dealers and feared criminals in the south of England, maintaining the hold on their empire with fear and violence until their untimely death. Elizabeth June tries to put the loss of her eight-year-old daughter behind her by going back to teaching. Under the stress of the tragedy her husband Brian has moved out while Elizabeth is desperate to save her marriage and return to a life of normalcy. In her new job she is assigned a mentor, Paul Allenham, who is hiding a deep dark violent past. Paul has an immediate and unsettling attraction to Elizabeth; he will do anything to secure her love. Jes Macallan, Aaron Douglas, and Nic Bishop star.  Depicting a year in the life of a small town caught in the center of the high-profile Penn State scandal, this powerful film reveals how it affected the community: showcasing the strength and resolve of those who live in and cherish what is known as "Happy Valley." For decades, the prevailing wisdom has been that the solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict would come in the form of a two-state solution. Typically, this is formulated as an Israeli withdrawal from the West Bank and the establishment of a Palestinian state there and in the Gaza Strip. Unfortunately, with half a million Israeli settlers living throughout the West Bank and millions of Palestinian refugees demanding to return to their homes in Israel, the two-state solution no longer seems practical, let alone just. "A People Without a Land" explores the notion that the only real solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is a one-state solution. Spending time with people from across the political spectrum, including settlers, politicians, activists and unique individuals who have successfully crossed the ethnic divide, we explore the challenges that lie ahead as well as the possibilities that such a solution might entail. Dogs on the Inside follows the relationships between abused stray dogs and prison inmates working towards a second chance at a better life. In an attempt to re-build their confidence and prepare for a new life outside, these prisoners must first learn to handle and care for a group of neglected strays. This heart-warming story reconfirms the timeless connection between man and dog and shows the resiliency of a dogs' trust and the generosity of the human spirit in the unlikeliest of places. What does a rural town in South Carolina have to do with China? Americans consume nearly twenty billion new items of clothing each year, and at least one billion of them are made in China. Cotton Road uncovers the transnational movement of cotton and tells the stories of workers lives in a conventional cotton supply chain. From rural farms in South Carolina to factory cities in China, we span the globe to encounter the industrial processes behind our rapacious consumption of cheap clothing and textile products. Are we connected to one another through the things we consume? Cotton Road explores a contemporary landscape of globalized labor through human stories and provides an opportunity to reflect on the ways our consumption impacts others and drives a global economy. One of the world's most precious resources is at risk. This film will help others learn what is at stake and what can be done to protect the source of nearly all our food: SEEDS. While the price of gold and oil skyrockets the fate of our most priceless commodity is ignored. Seeds provide the basis for everything from fabric, to food to fuels. They are as essential to life as the air we breathe or water we drink... but given far less attention. Over the past one hundred years, seeds have steadily shifted from being common heritage to sovereign property. This film tells the story of seeds by following the challenges and triumphs of some of their most tireless stewards and advocates. Posh Corps documents the personal stories of Peace Corps volunteers as they help develop rural villages in South Africa. Volunteers in South Africa struggle with extreme economic disparity, exceptional cultural diversity, and the lingering effects of Apartheid. They come to terms with their own expectations, and they speak out against the popular notion that South Africa is an easy assignment. 'When it comes to climate change, why do we do so little when we know so much?'  Through a relentless investigation to find the answer, Disruption takes an unflinching look at the devastating consequences of our inaction.  The exploration lays bare the terrifying science, the shattered political process, the unrelenting industry special interests and the civic stasis that have brought us to this social, moral and ecological crossroads.The film also takes us behind-the-scenes of the efforts to organize the largest climate rally in the history of the planet during the UN world climate summit. John Ennis follows the money in elections to piece together the cycle of pay-to-play politics. SF movie, Mr. Gang is a raising star of next generation. But it is hard to get a chance to release his movie in Korea, wasteland for SF movie. Bold &amp; candid, One Little Pill will reveal to the world a startling pharmaceutical discovery &amp; assault the skepticism &amp; denial perpetuating alcohol dependence. A documentary film about atheism in the USA, dispelling the myths and untruths following ordinary American atheists on their journey through life. Dolma is the Tibetan name of Tara, a Buddhist female deity, and means 'she who saves'. Dolma is regarded as a Bodhisattva of compassion and action. She is known as the mother of all buddhas. Our team felt that Dolma relates to the message we would like to convey via our movie and used her name in the documentary title. One of the main legends about her origin as a bodhisattva tells a story of a young princess who lived in a different world millions of years ago. Her name is Jnanachandra. Thule, Greenland, also called Qaanaaqis, one of the northernmost towns in the world. As the climate warms and the ice caps begin to melt, the gentle balance of life for the people of this community is in jeopardy. On the other side of the globe, the melting ice caps are raising sea levels around the Polynesian island nation of Tuvalu, threatening to wipe the island right off the map. Though a world apart, these two communities are intricately connected as environmental balance begins to tip and traditional ways of life are threatened.  'ThuleTuvalu' is a stunning documentary addressing the high price of a hundred years of development and how two very different communities are now bound together in facing an uncertain future. When the Israeli government tries to silence a history, a light was shed on the nation's biggest taboo. This is the story of those who fought to erase Palestine and created an Israeli landscape of denial and those who are fighting to uncover it. The prison population of the United States is enormous with over two million individuals currently incarcerated nationwide. Nearly 80,000 of those are held in solitary confinement. They have no human contact and every element of their environment is controlled. Meals come through a slot in the solid steel door, as does all communication with prison staff. They might be allowed to shower once a week. They might not see the outdoors for months or years on end. They spend 22-24 hours a day in their cell with little to no human contact for days or even decades. The sensory deprivation they endure causes severe psychological damage. These people are invisible to us--and eventually to themselves. The UN has condemned solitary confinement. But it continues. (This is a virtual reality project featured as an installation for the first time. It is also a 2016 TFI New Media Fund grantee.) 'Blood on the Mountain' focuses on the environmental and economic injustice and corporate control in West Virginia and its rippling effect on all American workers. This film will tell the story of a hard-working people who have historically had limited choices and have never benefited fairly from the rich natural resources of their land. The failure to diversify the economy has insured control by outside, unrestricted corporations with the support of politicians kept in their positions by these very same companies. Billy Wyatt (Harmon), a former high school and minor-league baseball baseball player receives a telephone call from his mother revealing that his former child-sitter, and later in his teens, his first love, Katie Chandler (Foster), has died. Wyatt returns home to deal with this tragedy reminescing over his childhood growing up with his father, Katie and best friend Alan Appleby. Groundswell Rising, Protecting Our Children's Air and Water captures the passion of people engaged in a David and Goliath confrontation The head of a giant European investment bank desperately clings to power when an American hedge fund company tries to buy them out. In Seoul in the Republic of Korea, a young couple stands accused of neglect when "Internet addiction" in an online fantasy game costs the life of their infant daughter. Love Child documents the 2010 trial and subsequent ruling that set a global precedent in a world where virtual is the new reality. Heroes Behind The Badge - Sacrifice &amp; Survival is a heart-wrenching true-life crime saga about the men and women of law enforcement and their selfless acts of courage under fire. When Russia's first nuclear submarine malfunctions on its maiden voyage, the crew must race to save the ship and prevent a nuclear disaster. A new documentary exploring the decline, evolution and reinvigoration of domestic apparel/fashion production in the U.S.A. Uncovering the issues that contributed to the loss of American fashion manufacturing in New York, Los Angeles, Miami and around the country. Featuring interviews with key designers &amp; others behind the Save The Garment Center initiative, the film stimulates the conversation into action to rebuild the infrastructure of fashion manufacturing in the United States of America. Imagine a world where the trapped emotions, fears, anxieties and unprocessed life experiences we hold in our bodies are the source for everything that ails us. That's the world we live in.  Now imagine a world where everyone is manifesting from their heart the perfect creation that's inside each of us. Imagine a world where abundance, inner peace, longevity and loving relationships abound. Imagine emotion experts from around the world sharing their wisdom and negative-emotion clearing techniques to light a new pathway for humanity. Imagine we are sacred, spiritual beings here for a much larger reason, serving a much higher purpose, a divine purpose. That's where we're going. In a country famous for its success in international beauty pageants, three young women are fighting to participate in their nation's most celebrated cultural institution. But obtaining a place in the Miss Venezuela contest is no easy task. Women must endure grueling diets, consent to intensive plastic surgery, and find the resources necessary to transform themselves from ordinary citizens into famous and illustrious Misses. To Be a Miss is a character-driven documentary that takes the viewer through the inner workings of Venezuela's renowned beauty factory, revealing the risks and rewards associated with this multi-billion dollar industry while exposing what nationalism, personal ambition, and the influence of mass media has meant for women in the country. A young sister and brother pair lose their parents in an earthquake. The sister and brother go live with their aunt and uncle. Although they are well cared for, they decide to hide the deaths of the parents from the brother and the sister carries great guilt over their deaths. The Legend of Shorty is the story of a man and a myth An American family trapped in a horrifying cult, led by a man that 50 million people call God. What they uncovered was anything but godly... This film raises questions about the state of French democracy. A Prefect threatens locally elected officials of all political persuasion with imprisonment in order to prevent a consultative referendum. After his mother died, 12 year old Seth George (T.J. Lowther) goes to live with his grandparents on their farm. Grouchy old Murdock (Michael Ansara) is not very happy with the presence of his grandson and is rather hard on him. He was strongly opposed to the mixed marriage of his daughter and doesn't want to hear anything about Seth's Indian father who died a hero in Vietnam when Seth was still a baby. His grandmother (Sandra Shotwell) on the other hand was very fond of Seth but after a while she passes away. Seth also meets the charming yet sporting Annie Jacobs (Mary Elizabeth Winstead). Seth struggles at the farm with his grumpy grandfather and strives to win Annie's heart at the same time.  A convict, wrongfully accused and sent a harsh prison colony, attempts to escape.  A waitress who won't put out for her boss has the misfortune of quitting her job just as the bar is being robbed by a notorious thief... An entertaining, secular, and educational look at the benefits of mindful practice, 'The Mindfulness Movie' brings together an unprecedented group of the world's leading neuroscientists, psychiatrists, authors, and others to decode mindfulness. First, they help to define what mindfulness is and how the concept of neuroplasticity plays into the practice. Then, they walk you through eight practical, foundational mindful lessons--like managing stress and mindful eating. Finally, meet some heartwarming veterans and teens who are using mindfulness to overcome issues like PTSD, depression, bi-polar disorder, anxiety, and everyday life stresses. Everyone, regardless of belief system or background, has something to gain from watching ' The Mindfulness Movie.' La Violencia documents the lives of indigenous Mayan women of Guatemala. Guatemala is explored from its violent history to its current fragile state through the personal stories of indigenous women and activists, and is narrated by acclaimed actor Aidan Gillen. A country priest receives his bishop with the mission of converting a nudist colony. From small town neighborhoods to cities, the shift in the economy and continued financial struggles is having an adverse effect on communities and creating devastating isolation for its inhabitants. As a result, time banks begin to form encouraging members to repair and rebuild their community without cash. But, new time bankers must adapt to a new system without money in order to keep their neighborhoods strong and flourishing. Two years in a clown school. Against all odds and trends, learning how to make people laugh out at the human condition. Two sisters are part of a cabaret act that is rapidly declining in attendance, and although the older sisteris constantly trying to push her younger sister to the forefront in a solo act, the younger sibling is less than enthusiastic. She sees little future in show business, whether in the chorus line or up front -- and so when her older sister finally pulls off a deal for the two to go to Taipei and possibly make some "real money," the younger sister must say yes or no, and either way, one of the two will not be happy. Charlie Fitzpatrick is the most successful high school basketball coach in Georgia history. While many of his players think of him as a father, his relationship with his own "bookworm" son, Evan, is strained. With the help of his wife, Laura and Evan's wife, Heather, Charlie determines the best way to connect and bond is to take his son and grandson, Markie, who has just announced he's dropping out of college to tour with his folk band, to a rustic mountain cabin for a weekend retreat. Only this cabin is the same site where he took his many winning teams to test their mettle over a grueling military-style obstacle course, the same one Evan, as a student never got the chance to complete. This is Charlie's idea of fun, Evan's idea of a nightmare, and Markie's idea of-well he's young and idealistic; he's just going with the flow. . One billion people on our planet--one in six--live in shantytowns, slums or squats. Slums: Cities of Tomorrow challenges conventional thinking to propose that slums are in fact the solution, not the problem, to urban overcrowding caused by the massive migration of people to cities. (Lynne Fernie, HotDocs) Faux-mondo movie featuring sex, drugs, violence and the familiar dulcet tones of Joel Holt. One in three Americans is pre-diabetic. A huge percentage of them do not know that they are sick. Adult onset diabetes is no longer an illness for the obese and elderly. Millions of Americans who regularly exercise and eat a diet recommended by the USDA are classified as "skinny-fat". The connection between the standard American diet and numerous metabolic disorders is now an unspoken fact in most medical circles When Jack and Diane find themselves in an unexpected adult situation, the A-Squad comes to their rescue. In order to help their friend Diane, the A-Squad goes where no cheerleader has gone before: taking on a little after-school project known as bank robbery. But the A-Squad does things their way -- with sugar and spice -- forever changing their friendship, their future and the nation's notion of teen spirit. A painter who finds success (and true love) after a pickpocket steals one of his works, gives it a false authorship and promotes the imaginary artist to instant success so he can cash in on his ill-gotten gains. Underwater Dreams, narrated by Michael Pena, is an epic story of how the sons of undocumented Mexican immigrants learned how to build underwater robots. And go up against MIT in the process. As most of the world moves forward toward gay equality, Russia is seemingly heading backward. Antigay sentiment and legislation are spreading rapidly throughout the country. In 2013, the Russian parliament passed a ban on so-called 'gay propaganda' that effectively makes nearly any public discussion of gay equality a crime. It is my hope that this documentary will educate viewers to their reality.  In a community where silence is seen as necessary for survival, undocumented immigrant activist Angy Rivera joins a generation of Dreamers in a quest to come out of the shadows and claim her place in the only home she's ever known.  Korengal picks up where Restrepo left off; the same men, the same valley, the same commanders, but a very different look at the experience of war. Poverty, Inc. explores the hidden side of doing good. From disaster relief to TOMs Shoes, from adoptions to agricultural subsidies, Poverty, Inc. follows the butterfly effect of our most well-intentioned efforts and pulls back the curtain on the poverty industrial complex - the multi-billion dollar market of NGOs, multilateral agencies, and for-profit aid contractors. Are we catalyzing development or are we propagating a system in which the poor stay poor while the rich get hipper? February 2011: 20 000 people demonstrate in southern France against the shale gas licenses that have been issued in backroom deals, Meanwhile the European Parliament begins its first inquiry on the subject, From the outset, there is a split between the conservative representatives, swayed by the economic arguments in favor of fracking, and opponents invoking the precautionary principle. In areas affected by the permits, people are getting organized, building their knowledge, and taking action. Local mayors step up, issue local bylaws and relay information about the situation up to the national government. This grassroots movement makes it all the way to European-level institutions. When reporter Rachel Armstrong writes a story that reveals the identity of a covert CIA operative, the government demands that Rachel reveal her source. She defies the special prosecutor and is thrown in jail. Meanwhile, her attorney, Albert Burnside argues her case all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court. After realizing that prostitutes are not entitled to the best part of love making, two sex workers form a screwy relationship as "cuddle partners" only to realize that they want something more. 2013. Athens is in the midst of a financial crisis. The camera documents mournful images of dereliction, desolation, and decay in the city center and the suburbs. The open air cinemas of Athens resist; they thrive as landmarks and touristic attractions; they recover their initial traveling form and activity by filling backyards, parks, central squares, and becoming the connecting tissue of a terrified society in crisis. Will the open air cinemas of Athens, a cherished form of communal entertainment, keep on creating an oasis and an escape amidst the bleakness of everyday life, or will they suffer heavy blows from the recession? "20 Centavos" is a feature-length documentary that portrays the social and political unrest triggered by the fight against the raise in the rates of public transport in Sao Paulo and follows all the developments, on a national scale, of these early protests. Its main characters are the streets, the public spaces taken by the voice of the protesters. Its speech is constructed by billboard after billboard, from claim to claim. The result is a portrait, with more than realistic textures, of zeitgeist, a spirit of an era unknown in Brazil, marking the emergence of a new form of political activism that comes from a deep crisis with the idea of representative democracy. On January 1, 2014, recreational marijuana sales began in Colorado. With all eyes on ground zero of the green rush, The Denver Post became the first major media outlet to embrace it and appointed the world's first marijuana editor. Legalization is not just an experiment for society, but a risk for the dying industry of newspapers to hedge its bets on the booming business of marijuana. Ricardo Baca sets out to report on history in the making with a team of straight-laced staff writers and fish out of water freelancers in tow for The Cannabist as it unfolds. Policy news, strain reviews, parenting advice and edible recipes are the new norm in the unprecedented world of pot journalism. Ge Ningning performs a series of solo dances. When Shakespeare Must Die, a Thai film adaptation of Macbeth is banned by the Thai government as a threat to national security, the film's producer treks through the corridors of power to un-ban his Shakespearean horror movie--from the Cultural ministry to the Senate and the National Human Rights Commission, all the way to the Administrative Court where he is suing the government for abuse of power. Wherever he went, amidst political upheaval, his director followed with a camera. The resulting reality cinema is the living story of a struggle for justice and human dignity, for freedom of expression, which Thai filmmakers do not have. A dark cinematic record of democracy in action, in all its farcical, obscene and heartbreaking details. The goods supplying all of Paris come by cart, by train.  Big Les Halles handlers do the unloading, the market's night life in full swing around them: meat cut, vegetables sorted, coffee downed at the cafe.  Les Halles teems with life until the small hours of the morning. Documentary - Three families talk about their experiences after the Sandy Hook tragedy. -  David Burke, J.T. Lewis, Scarlett Lewis This documentary, a project of Kham Film Project, offers a rare portrait of Tibetan Muslims in the Hualong area of eastern Tibet/Qinghai Province. Issues of identity and language are explored in this intimate and sensitive film. See what makes Skid Row tick, a tell all, never before seen, raw documentary about the harsh reality of the street life in Los Scandalous - Skid Row. The homeless capital of The United States. Watch through my lens, as I show the true gutter life in Los Angeles; from prostitution, homelessness, hard addiction, the drug dealers perspective, police corruption and the system designed to keep them all there. My name is Shanks Rajendran and I'm a 28 year old Australian filmmaker. I shot this documentary to uncover the truth about Skid Row, the people, the place, and the politics behind it. Unknown short stories from the past, the present and the future of fascism and its relation to the economic interests of each era. We will travel from Mussolini's Italy to Greece under the Nazi occupation, the civil war and the dictatorship; and from Hitler's Germany to the modern European and Greek fascism. Hawaii was a recognized independent nation prior to January 17, 1893. This documentary discusses the circumstances around that, and the modern efforts to restore its independent status. In August 2012, mineworkers in one of South Africa's biggest platinum mines began a wildcat strike for better wages. Six days later the police used live ammunition to brutally suppress the strike, killing 34 and injuring many more. Using the point of view of the Marikana miners, Miners Shot Down follows the strike from day one, showing the courageous but isolated fight waged by a group of low-paid workers against the combined forces of the mining company Lonmin, the ANC government and their allies in the National Union of Mineworkers. The story follows a student navigating high school life while living with paranoid schizophrenia and battling wild hallucinations. An experimental drug trial promises to help hide his illness from his peers and, most importantly, from the girl of his dreams.  An "Out of the Inkwell" short featuring Ko-Ko the Clown, this time as a fireman. One winter, a pastor finds an abandoned infant on his church steps, and builds 'a drop box' to rescue any future foundlings. Full length documentary covering the growing interest of American Christians caring for children in foster care. Broad in scope - filmed in Georgia, Kentucky, Colorado, and California. Many people outside of the Christian faith have found this film encouraging and eye opening. Legendary special effects wizard Giannetto De Rossi reflects on his four zombie classics: The Living Dead at the Manchester Morgue, Zombi 2, The Beyond and The House by the Cemetery. This exclusive interview was created for the Arrow release of The Beyond in the UK on DVD and Blu Ray, March 14th 2011. 'When it comes to climate change, why do we do so little when we know so much?'  Through a relentless investigation to find the answer, Disruption takes an unflinching look at the devastating consequences of our inaction.  The exploration lays bare the terrifying science, the shattered political process, the unrelenting industry special interests and the civic stasis that have brought us to this social, moral and ecological crossroads.The film also takes us behind-the-scenes of the efforts to organize the largest climate rally in the history of the planet during the UN world climate summit. The end of freedom of speech in the West. These two Don Quixote's set out to do good in the world through crass yet innocent means and by fluke, and simple desire, they actually do good. "Doing good doesn't always look good." A story of two declining American institutions - Kodak and the church. Both are dying. One church implodes after infighting and a faith crisis. Another struggles with a member's plan to open an outreach in a pub. Lisbon's lost and found items. Five men have been imprisoned by the Canadian government without ever having seen the evidence against them. A family on a road trip is stalked by criminals who stashed stolen money in their car. A diverse group of 8th graders in New York City vie for a coveted spot in one of the city's elite public schools by taking a single standardized test. A strange creature races against time to make the most important and beautiful creation of his life. A Lord poses as a stableboy and rides a girl's horse when a crooked knight injures her jockey. This is the story of a man's bravery to cover the world at war, and what it takes to get images published for the world to see. This is Jason P. Howe's story of survival and change. Lorenzo Odone was a normal child until the age of 7, until he started experiencing blackouts, memory lapses and other strange mental phenomena. Eventually diagnosed as suffering from ALD--an extremely rare and incurable degenerative brain disorders--his parents, frustrated at the failings of conventional medicine, start their quest for an unothadox treatment. The Democratic Republic of Congo has been called a geological scandal due to its mineral rich soil. Unfortunately, those minerals, necessary to sustain today's technology, are funding the deadliest war since WWII. British Columbia's marine ecosystem has collapsed. Wild fish populations from California to Alaska have been declining since the late 1970's. Coincidentally, the open net fish farm industry began to grow fish in marine waters at the same time. Fish farms were seen as a way to offset growing pressure on wild stocks. But one woman, Alexandra Morton, noticed diseases coming from fish farms were killing wild salmon. Film maker Scott Renyard links the crash of many fish species on Canada's coast to diseases spread from fish farms and the loss in marine fish biomass has global implications. Raised in the Tennessee mountains, Wayne White started his career as a cartoonist in NYC. He quickly found success as one of the creators of the Pee-wee's Playhouse TV show which soon led to more work designing some of the most arresting and iconic images in pop culture. Recently his word paintings featuring pithy and and often sarcastic text statements finely crafted onto vintage landscape paintings have made him a darling of the fine art world. The movie chronicles the vaulted highs and crushing lows of an artist struggling to find peace and balance between his professional work and his personal art. This is especially complicated for a man who struggles with the virtues he most often mocks in his art...Vanity, ego and fame. How to reinvent democracy by the eyes of two Portuguese activists. A young couple attempts to elope, with the bride's irate father in hot pursuit. The train stops briefly and the young man dashes off to find a minister, but before he can get himself and the minister onto the train, it leaves, carrying his bride-to- be away. Now the young man, minister in tow, pursues his bride while her father and a horde of lawmen pursue them both.  An exploration of the future of clothing, profiling forward-thinking companies at the forefront of redefining how and what we wear. Taylor Mitchell's Physics Professor insists he abandon his 'mythological religious approach' to creation. Breaking Free introduces the subject of hydraulic fracturing in an easy-to-understand way with the goal of informing and educating the benefits of becoming energy independent in our lifetimes. The focus of the film is on the Shale Rock Revolution, and how hydraulic fracturing has affected the local, state and national communities at large. Its goal is to lower the temperature on the heated discussion about hydraulic fracturing which is being fueled by both sides of the issue. The film takes part in the current debate about work, economy and the crisis, showing on the basis of three examples in Serbia, Brazil and Austria how to do it different. Amy Keane, a thirteen-year-old trying to cope with the death of her mother and the reappearance of her father's ex-girlfriend, experiences the temptation of suicide after witnessing the outpouring of love for a local suicide victim. In 2007, the Writers Guild of America, the Screenwriters Union, hit an impasse in their contract negotiations with the Studios. At the center of the dispute was jurisdiction over the internet. Unable to make progress, the WGA called a strike which brought Hollywood to a halt for 100 days. Eight drug addicts are waiting for their connection in a New York apartment belonging to Leach. Jim Dunn, a budding filmmaker, has agreed to pay for the fix if the addicts will allow him to film the connection scene. After the men get their shots, they talk Dunn into trying heroin in order to understand the subject "first hand." He becomes ill and while sleeping, Leach takes an overdose that puts him into a coma. Dunn recovers, with the aid of the connection, and writes off the film as a failure. This sequel revisits the unforgettable characters from the acclaimed documentary UNDER OUR SKIN, and investigates new research and scandals in the exploding global Lyme disease crisis. A Royal Hangover is a feature length documentary about the ambivalent alcohol culture of Britain. Think Bowling For Columbine, only with alcohol instead of guns. Drinking for Britain: We don't shoot ourselves to death here, we kill ourselves with drink - much more dignified! Holden and Banky are comic book artists. Everything is going good for them until they meet Alyssa, also a comic book artist. Holden falls for her, but his hopes are crushed when he finds out she's a lesbian.  The Tahltan First Nation has lived in remote northwestern British Columbia for thousands of years. They call their land "koneline" which means "our land beautiful" as well as "our mind beautiful," inextricably weaving human consciousness with the health of the land. Copper and gold mining companies call the Tahltan territory "the golden triangle," while hunting outfitters refer to it as "Canada's Serengeti." Award-winning director Nettie Wild crafts a breathtaking love letter--in stunning CinemaScope and surround sound--that captures the majestic beauty of the land and the unique people who live on it. The film features memorable characters: a woman who takes hunters on horseback deep into the mountains, a Tahltan man who records the vanishing Tahltan language, and Tahltan women and elders who protest increased mining activity. A cinematic poem, KONELINE evokes both the beauty and the complicated nature of its inhabitants and their relationship with this unique "wilderness." Can a newly married couple survive when every living necessity can only be purchased with 'cryptocurrency'? Married less than two weeks, and fresh off their honeymoon, Austin and Beccy Craig embark on an adventure to find out. When an IMF mission ends badly, the world is faced with dire consequences. As Ethan Hunt takes it upon himself to fulfill his original briefing, the CIA begin to question his loyalty and his motives. The IMF team find themselves in a race against time, hunted by assassins while trying to prevent a global catastrophe. A documentary on the history and present-day reality of big-business tax avoidance, which has seen multinationals depriving governments of trillions of dollars in tax revenues by harboring profits in offshore havens. This film re-enacts the adventures of John Knowles, who in August of 1913 entered the woods of Northern Maine near Spencer Lake, completely naked and without tools or weapons, and for two months survived by his wits in the hostile environment. For the re-enactment, Knowles, wearing a shirt and a pair of pants, was accompanied by a cameraman and two reporters. A sampling of Knowles's exploits and accomplishments were recreated for the camera, including his tool, clothes, weapon and firemaking techniques, which utilized only existing natural materials and constructs. Also seen are Knowles's battles with wild animals, including bears and wild cats, his adoption of several bear cubs and his trip down raging river rapids in his hand-fashioned birch canoe. As the romantic monsoon rains loom, the extended Verma family reunites from around the globe for a last-minute arranged marriage in New Delhi. This film traces five intersecting stories, each navigating different aspects of love as they cross boundaries of class, continent and morality. A salesman for a natural gas company experiences life-changing events after arriving in a small town, where his corporation wants to tap into the available resources. A poetic portrait of people working in the state-run post office, rail station and fire headquarters in the 3rd largest city of Africa, Kinshasa. 'Packard: The Last Shift' tells the story of the Packard Plant, the once mighty home to the Packard Motor Car Company, which sits in the heart of the once mighty Detroit. Packard closed up shop in 1954 and left the city, leaving the plant behind. Over fifty years later, it's still standing as a half-mile stretch of rubble and ruin - a visual symbol of bankrupt Detroit. Along with exploring Packard's storied past and uncertain future, the movie also looks a the plant's place in Detroit lore that draws car enthusiasts, curiosity seekers and artists from all over the world. Compared to girls, research shows that boys in the U.S. are more likely to be diagnosed with a behavior disorder, prescribed stimulant medications, fail out of school, binge drink, commit a violent crime, and/or take their own lives.  Jennifer Siebel Newsom's new documentary film, The Mask You Live In, asks: As a society, how are we failing our boys? Documentary about crowd funding. When Lin Dalin's company loses clients to cheaper competitors, he accepts a large order with no profit margins in order to survive. But unpaid workers and rising wages risk a calamitous strike. In this new documentary you get to follow the life of Ekstra Bladet's editorial staff through one of the papers most turbulent years with catastrophic readership numbers and a long row of controversial agenda-setting cases. From the common journalistic staff being pushed to deliver the daily front-page stories, to Poul Madsen in management who has to make the drastic decisions regarding the papers continued existence. We get to see up close how the paper's staff handles the many ethical dilemmas they face everyday. We see what it takes for news to make the front page and in the paper's machine room we get to see the drastic death battle for the 110 years old paper play out - The question is: Will there be a place for Ekstra Bladet in the media image of tomorrow? Investigative reporter Nicola Wilson is determined to find out why a jet headed from South America to Paris disappeared in the Atlantic, taking her close friend and 211 other passengers with it. How can a plane just disappear? As Nicola digs deeper and deeper into this mystery, she puts her job, friends and very livelihood on the the line. Even though she knows nothing about aviation, refuses to fly and doesn't speak French, Nicola quickly uncovers astonishing details about the missing flight. Was it preventable? Has it happened before? Could it happen again? And was it PILOT ERROR? A documentary and engagement project examining the human cost of contaminated water and the fight to prevent the expansion of uranium mining on the Plains. A documentary springing from the directors own relationship with her son who lacks a consistent relationship with his father. In this impressionistic documentary film, Sabine Gruffat and Bill Brown travel across Spain to explore responses to the housing crisis of the early 2000s. The filmmakers visit  families squatting in failed condo developments; intentional communities of mountain cave dwellers; protest campsites in front of bank branches; and empty apartment buildings transformed into experiments in 'utopian' living. The relationship between an old single-floor house and her neighbor residence. There is the pink house and her ex-residents on one side, and the new neighbors on the other side. We witness their feelings and views about each other, and their dreams about the city, of course together with the scenery from their windows. In June 2013, Laura Poitras and reporter Glenn Greenwald flew to Hong Kong for the first of many meetings with Edward Snowden. She brought her camera with her. Once the thriving capital of Imperial China, the city of Datong now lies in near ruins. Not only is it the most polluted city in the country, it is also crippled by decrepit infrastructure and even shakier economic prospects. But Mayor Geng Tanbo plans to change all that, announcing a bold, new plan to return Datong to its former glory, the cultural haven it was some 1,600 years ago. Such declarations, however, come at a devastatingly high cost. Thousands of homes are to be bulldozed, and a half-million of its residents (30 percent of Datong's total population) will be relocated under his watch. Whether he succeeds depends entirely on his ability to calm swarms of furious workers and an increasingly perturbed ruling elite. The Chinese Mayor captures, with remarkable access, a man and, by extension, a country leaping frantically into an increasingly unstable future. Ever since the sixteenth century, French craftsmen, with their expertise, have been creating the very essence of luxury. Who are these craftsmen today? What is their vision of luxury? Four artisans take us inside their world. With great sense of humor and strong straightforwardness, they freely criticize the fashion industry. Made in France products that are not made in France, clients who don't know what they buy... And everyday, a more uncertain future for real luxury items : the craftsmen's workshops are closing down one by one... The four artisans we follow are a few years from retiring, and they have no one to take over. Who will assure the making of Haute Couture if they are all gone? Amid the tumult of the Arab Spring in Cairo, vendors in a small souk observe the political upheaval while seeking to preserve an ancient tradition of fabric making. A 30-year old man who returns home to Manila is forced to confront his old life, his old friends, and his ex-boyfriend at their high school reunion where the drama of the past and the present collide. Working class Danny aims to kick start a revolution by turning the tables on the establishment with a deadly game of chance. "God Is Not Working On Sunday!" follows the life of Godelieve and Florida. Despite their divided histories, these women are struggling for a common goal: Breaking the silence, reconciliation, and political empowerment for women. We follow Godelieve and Florida organizing self-empowerment trainings for women to confront patriarchal structures; to the rural area, where the new generation of children born out of rape are redefining their identities, facing a life shoulder to shoulder with the murderers of their families, their fathers. And where more and more women decide to break the silence and speak out. The fearless Colombian philosopher-politician-teacher Antanas Mockus and his followers struggle for peace in a country with the longest running internal conflict in the world.  A powerful documentary that sheds some light on what really happened at the Fukushima nuclear power plant after the 2011 earthquake and the tsunami that immediately followed.  A powerful documentary - shot from March 11th, 2011 through March 2015 - that sheds some light on what really happened at the Fukushima nuclear power plant after the 2011 earthquake and the tsunami that followed. Inside the very first girls' school in a small Afghan village, education goes far beyond the classroom as the students discover the differences between the lives they were born into and the lives they dream of leading. On the border of Washington DC, two stories of big dreams take place - a family is determined to turn their 1000 pound pig into the Redskins' football team mascot, and two teenage fathers scheme a better life for themselves and their children. Evil Flaming Death is one of the most infamous villains of Planet Creation, a planet that divides the citizens from the criminals with a giant wall that completely surrounds the planet. After a failed attempt at making an evil clone of his archrival, Zon Inferno Awesomeness, Evil is now the "father" of a girl named Zonia Sparkles Death. While all his henchman love Zonia, Evil remains extremely distant, but when Father's Day comes around Zonia attempts to crack open his cold, unyielding heart. A fragile and depressed university student disappears from his apartment in the middle of a cold winter's night. Four weeks later his name and photo explode across social media and into the mainstream media as 'suspect 2' in the Boston Marathon bombings. The search for truth by citizen journalists, mainstream journalists and members of social media Web sites derails with tragic consequences as collective fear and suspicion rule the day and rain down upon a vulnerable family. Exclusive access and never released footage reveal the enduring love of a family in crisis. The untold story of how legal pioneer Mary Bonauto partnered with small town Vermont lawyers Beth Robinson and Susan Murray in a 2-decade long struggle that built the foundation for the entire marriage equality movement. Despite fierce opposition, Vermont became the first state to grant same sex couples legal recognition through a groundbreaking 1999 State Supreme Court decision, and the first to legalize marriage equality by legislative vote in 2009. HRC's Marty Rouse said, "They really changed the course of American history." Featuring Freedom to Marry founder Evan Wolfson, civil rights legend Rep. John Lewis, and Tony-winning playwright Terrence McNally. In order to catch a basketball from the favorite team of his girlfriend's spoiled son, Fred poses as a numb, wheelchair-bound fan. But when he catches the ball, he also catches the attention of young, attractive filmmaker Denise, who wants to feature an invalid fan in an image film for the team. Fred has to keep playing his role, while real invalid and really furious fan Ronny might call his bluff at any moment. Worse, still, love sets in... Shout Gladi Gladi is a documentary about hope. It tells the story of one woman's quest to cure fistula and save mother's lives in Africa. Shot in Malawi and Sierra Leone (just prior to the Ebola crisis) this is an intense portrait of the people suffering from fistula and the struggle of those who are not only trying to fix this condition but curtail it through better maternal health care. In addition, it is about women's empowerment, specifically through a radical device from BBOXX, a solar powered generator that provides the women not only with electricity in a region where there is none but also as a means to make money by charging cell phones. Alex is human. Alex was assigned to the male gender at birth. She knows that this assignment was wrong. In a world she's living, she doesn't exist. Bodies are normed, people are squared, society hypnotised. The people do not believe what they see with their own eyes. Somewhere in the middle of concrete. All buildings look the same. Alex and her job-seeking mother share a small flat in a gray apartment block. A women's menage. A women's menage? Alex starts to shave her face. Both women leave the building and they split up. In front of the school a photographer stops her. His name is Christian Strange. He calls her 'Beautiful woman'. Will everything become well now? Parents and health care workers are caught in the cross-hairs of violence and politics as they attempt to protect their children from Polio in Pakistan. All odds were stacked against the pit-bulls rescued from quarterback Michael Vick's dogfighting ring. Forced to fight for their lives, they were considered so dangerous many wanted them euthanized. But no one could have predicted how the dogs would change the lives of those who risked everything to save them. -IMDB In the Mexican state of Michoacan, Dr. Jose Mireles, a small-town physician known as "El Doctor," shepherds a citizen uprising against the Knights Templar, the violent drug cartel that has wreaked havoc on the region for years. Meanwhile, in Arizona's Altar Valley--a narrow, 52-mile-long desert corridor known as Cocaine Alley--Tim "Nailer" Foley, an American veteran, heads a small paramilitary group called Arizona Border Recon, whose goal is to halt Mexico's drug wars from seeping across our border. At a time when transgender people are banned from serving in the U.S. military, four of the thousands of transgender troops risking discharge fight to attain the freedom they so fiercely protect.  Everything you've always wanted to know about the penis, but were afraid to find out. The widow of a wealthy executive battles the board of directors as she fights to keep control of her late husbands shipbuilding company. Inspired by the monthly First Friday Event and the Art &amp; Culture of Philadelphia. "A young boy who wants to be a superhero runs away from home while a group of teenagers plot a gallery heist as the gallery owner is distracted by a smooth-talking art critic." After a mine explosion kills her brother, a pro-coal activist joins forces with a tree-hugging grandmother to take down the most dangerous coal company in the United States. RADICAL GRACE follows three fearless nuns who risk their place in the Catholic Church to follow another higher calling: social justice. When the Vatican reprimands the sisters - citing their "radical feminism" - they become the spiritual and symbolic center of a battle for the heart of the Catholic Church. From their cross-country Nuns on the Bus tour, to serving those on the margins, to a continued struggle for women's religious equality under Pope Francis, these sisters are transforming American politics -- and the Church itself.  Yallah! Underground follows some of today's most influential and progressive artists in Arab underground culture from 2009 to 2013 and documents their work, dreams and fears in a time of great change for Arab societies.  In a region full of tension, young Arab artists in the Middle East have struggled for years to express themselves freely and to promote more liberal attitudes within their societies.  During the Arab Spring, like many others of this new generation, local artists had high hopes for the future and took part in the protests. However, after years of turmoil and instability, young Arabs now have to challenge both old and new problems, being torn between feelings of disillusion and a vague hope for a better future. What happens when a mixed-income housing 'experiment' collides with reality? Filmed over 15 years, 70 Acres in Chicago: Cabrini Green looks at the demolition of Chicago's most infamous public housing development, Cabrini Green. The film centers on the stories of three public housing residents, Mark, Deidre and Raymond, as their lives are turned upside down when their community is torn apart in the name of progress. Cabrini is being demolished as part of a national plan to replace public housing with mixed income communities. Critics contend that the motivation is economic gain, as public housing's prime real estate is too valuable for the low-income Black communities that live there. The film chronicles a neighborhood upheaval on Chicago's most hotly contested 70 acres of land. While the ski racers leave Kitzbuhel for the next World Cup location, the members of the Kitzbuheler Ski Club (KSC) are already starting preparations for next year's race. "Streif - One Hell of a Ride" documents this work - both the spectacular and the small tasks - over the course of one year. At the same time, the film follows five athletes - Aksel Lund Svindal, Max Franz, Hannes Reichelt, Erik Guay and Yuri Danilochkin - in their respective native countries, during their summer training and in their free time. As the 2014 Hahnenkamm Race approaches, these two narratives become more and more interwoven, interspersed with stories from the event's past - until the athletes arrive back in Kitzbuhel. The Thread is a groundbreaking documentary that exposes the undeniable impact amateur internet writers are having on journalism today.  Following the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing, amateur internet sleuths took to Twitter and Reddit, intent on identifying the individuals responsible. The ensuing investigation led to an innocent young man being charged with the crime, thus changing the face of journalism forever.  Directed by Greg Barker (Manhunt) and executive produced by Emmy Award-winning producer Jonathan Chinn (American High) and Academy Award-winning producer Simon Chinn (Man on Wire). For every rock and roll band striving to grab that ever elusive brass ring and 'make it' in the music business, there's a million others, equally as talented, equally as inspired, equally as hard working, that unfortunately never get their shot for a confluence of reasons...timing, fate and just plain dumb luck. Some bands were meant to succeed and others, despite their efforts, are destined to crash and burn, their golden dreams of musical stardom abruptly torpedoed and vanquished. Had the fickle hand of fate anointed them the career break they deserved, their story would have been an altogether different one. Tuff Luck would have been recognized as one of the leaders of the '80s hard rock scene. Tuberculosis is the deadliest killer in human history, responsible for one in four deaths for almost two centuries. While it shaped medical pursuits, social habits, economic development and public policy, TB and its impact are poorly understood. Off-grid is not a state of mind. It is not about being out of touch, living in a remote place, or turning off your mobile phone. Off-grid simply means living without a connection to the electric and natural gas infrastructure. From 2011 to 2013 Jonathan Taggart (Director) and Phillip Vannini (Producer) spent two years travelling across Canada to find 200 off-gridders and visit them in their homes.  - In a suburban community, moms and dads, one after the other, mysteriously feel the irresistible impulse to attack and kill their own offspring.  Filmed over the course of two years, Our City Dreams is the story of a woman's struggles and successes as an artist in New York City. Told through five women artists, from youngest to oldest, the film features Swoon, Ghada Amer, Kiki Smith, Marina Abramovic, and Nancy Spero. From the studio to the streets of New York, from the canals of Venice to the alleys of Cairo and the beaches of Phuket, Our City Dreams takes us deep into the artists' worlds. Lorenzo Odone was a normal child until the age of 7, until he started experiencing blackouts, memory lapses and other strange mental phenomena. Eventually diagnosed as suffering from ALD--an extremely rare and incurable degenerative brain disorders--his parents, frustrated at the failings of conventional medicine, start their quest for an unothadox treatment. In Moscow, five young people lead the charge against an alien race which has attacked Earth via our power supply. GAI SHANXI AND HER SISTERS tells the story of one woman's brutal ordeal as a "comfort woman" for the Japanese Army during World War II. Hou Dong-E, known as "Gai Shanxi," the fairest woman in China's Shanxi province, was one of the many women abducted from their villages to be sexually enslaved by Japanese soldiers stationed nearby. Fifty years later, she joined other women throughout Asia to seek justice and reparations, but she died before her demands were answered. Documentary about the tour of the band "The Strokes" in Europe in 2001. The current educational system in the United States was developed a century ago during the rise of the industrial age and was once the envy of the world. However, the world economy has since transformed profoundly, but the US education system has not. Schools are attempting to teach and test skills, when mastered, that still leave graduates woefully unprepared for the 21st Century. After presenting this problem, the documentary focuses on the story of a school in San Diego that is completely rethinking what the experience of going to school looks like. As we follow students, parents and teachers through a truly unorthodox school experience, the audience is forced to consider what sort of educational environment is most likely to succeed in the 21st century? In 2012, one in three babies in America were delivered by c-section, despite the World Health Organization's recommendation that Cesarean births remain below 15 percent. How can these disturbing trend be reversed? In recent years, the idea of a collaborative care practice where doctors and midwives manage women's care together has begun to gain traction in the United States. The Mama Sherpas is a feature-length documentary film about women receiving their maternity care through midwife-doctor teams. We follow nurse midwives, the doctors they work with, and their patients to provide an investigative lens into how midwives work within the hospital system. A group of highly motivated activists work for years with the goal of exposing the true face of the Nordic fur industry. They sneak into hundreds of fur farms. When their images are publicized it causes media feasts and public outrage, year after year. However, the industry always strikes back. Nothing changes.  A new approach is needed.  So, psychologist Frank Nervik tells the fur industry that he plans to become a fur farmer. He asks for training. Nervik is accepted as one of them, and starts learning the trade secrets. Without anybody knowing, he films his training with a hidden camera. This film documents a three-year period of political resistance in Los Anglels starting with the tent encampment at City Hall in October 2011. Fueled by Occupy Wall Street, people form a collective to jump-start governmental change. The true story of one man's fight for freedom. For more than 60 years Tibetans have been fighting Chinese oppression. But their non-violent struggle appears to be in vain. Now, as a new form of peaceful protest, Tibetans are setting themselves on fire. Loten Namling - an exiled Tibetan and musician living in Switzerland - is deeply disturbed by such self-destructive action. So he sets off from Europe to India, on a one-man mission to meet top politicians, experts and young radicals. He himself becomes increasingly radical and is on the verge of violent protest. Finally he ends up at The Office of the Dalai Lama in India to seek the advice of the exiled Tibetan leader. A Cincinnati public school fights to break the cycle of poverty in its Urban Appalachian neighborhood, where senior Raven Gribbins aims to become the first in her troubled family to graduate and go to college. When Principal Craig Hockenberry's job is threatened, it becomes clear it's a make-or-break year for both of them. Visible Silence explores the lives of Thai lesbians striving for recognition, authenticity, and acceptance in a traditional Buddhist society. It is an intimate story of self and family, love and sexuality, and self-determination where conformity is prized. The Idaho wine making tale is ripe and ready for picking. Not only to promote local business, but to increase economic viability and to highlight Idaho's vineyards and wineries in the national arena. This feature length documentary will explore from bud to taste bud including Idaho culinary arts. It'll highlight the past, the fruitful future, educate and explore modern agricultural (specifically viticultural) practices by seamlessly blending the voices of those whose lives are impacted by the Idaho wine industry. 'Beyond Measure' follows a new vanguard of educators across the country who are pioneering a fresh vision for American schools. Pulling from expert research in education, child development, and cognitive and neuroscience, these leaders are creating a new type of classroom. They're leading schools that redirect our focus away from homework, prizes, top grades and test scores. And they're making room for curiosity, engagement, creativity, collaboration and independent thinking. By putting innovative models into practice, they're finding inspiration in doing things differently - and changing how and what we teach. When 24-year-old Hend Nafea is arrested and tortured for demonstrating peacefully in Cairo's Tahrir Square, her pursuit of justice reflects post-revolution Egypt at an uncertain crossroads. Documentary short subject detailing the processing and delivery of food to American troops, and the steps taken to improve these methods in order to cope with the exigencies of war. Follow the emotional journeys of inmates who give birth behind bars and are permitted to stay with their newborns in a prison maternity wing. The issue of young Muslims traveling from Europe to countries such as Syria and Somalia to fight with Islamic rebels is a highly topical one, making this story of a Danish-Somalian boy even more relevant. His back turned to the camera as he looks out over a nondescript housing development in Copenhagen, "The Shadow" describes how he fell victim to recruiters from the militant Somalian rebel group al-Shabaab. He outlines the conditions that make boys such as him susceptible to the lure of the "holy war," explaining that, "Nothing in my life made any sense." So eloquent is he in his account that one might think it was scripted, but what happened to him is as real as the scenes from a suicide attack by one of his former friends. For more than 60 years the United States Navy used the island of Vieques to test weapons and train soldiers. Ever since the Navy occupied the island, the inhabitants opposed their presence. Finally, after decades of resistance and struggle, the United States Armed Forces were forced to leave the island and cease all military practices on its surroundings. Now, more than a decade after the Navy's questionable departure, the islanders are demanding the US Government to fully decontaminate and give back the terrains exploited. Unsatisfied with the little commitment from Federal Agencies to assume responsibilities, the Viequenses face a new struggle to demand justice within their lands. "Wait Till It's Free" is an entertaining and provocative look at the current healthcare crisis. This film takes a hard and honest look at the way we do healthcare in America by looking at every relevant aspect of modern medicine, from the escalating cost of health insurance to the move towards universal government healthcare. The film asks what kind of alternatives there are for families caught between expensive insurance-based coverage and the "Free" government solutions. The film explores the alternatives for individuals, churches, and families, and offers moving and enlightening stories about those that have chosen to follow innovative and independent approaches to healthcare. This film goes miles beneath the surface of Obamacare to expose the 100-year progression of socialized medicine in America. Filmmaker Penny Woolcock spent eight months in a parallel world, the world of the homeless, befriending people and finding out where they eat, sleep and socialise.  While making her film, Woolcock realised that the very real problems of homeless people have very little to do with the lack of a roof over their heads or a bed to sleep in. Their problems come from their past lives - and are less easy to remedy. Despite the efforts of different charities to move people into homes, the streets are often where they feel safe and what they know best.  In this moving documentary, Woolcock gives the seen-but-unheard residents of London's streets a voice. Enrique is an immigrant who struggles to make ends meet while living in Los Angeles. Along with two other immigrants, he gets a job helping a family pack. He gets to know the family's teenage son, Zack, but things get violent when Zack's father attempts to pay the immigrants with a check. Groundswell Rising, Protecting Our Children's Air and Water captures the passion of people engaged in a David and Goliath confrontation During the Great Recession, joblessness exceeds 20 percent east of the Anacostia River in Washington, DC. City of Trees follows the intimate stories of Charles, Michael and James, three long-term unemployed residents struggling to gain employment through 'shovel ready' green projects. When stimulus dollars run out, short term idealism clashes with day-to-day survival in the struggle to find a sense of purpose and place in a recovering economy.  (IMDB) Ancient oceans teeming with life, Norwegian settlers, Native Americans and multinational oil corporations find intimacy in deep time. Following up his 2009 feature Crude Independence (SXSW), Deep Time is director Noah Hutton's ethereal portrait of the landowners, state officials, and oil workers at the center of the most prolific oil boom on the planet for the past six years. With a new focus on the relationship of the indigenous peoples of North Dakota to their surging fossil wealth, Deep Time casts the ongoing boom in the context of paleo-cycles, climate change, and the dark ecology of the future. A freelance videographer, a rookie police officer, an undercover PDEA agent, and a crime-in-progress. Only tonight, a comet flies over Manila and the cosmic disturbances turn everything on its head for one night. Everything that could go wrong suddenly foes right. In 2013 Russian parliament passed legislation that criminalizes public discussion of homosexuality, especially by foreigners. The fine for kissing someone of the same sex in public? 5000 rubles. Kris van der Veen visits St. Petersburg and Murmansk, where he talks with a diverse group of youngsters and activists. What motivates them to take a stand and can they still be safe on the streets? Van der Veen's visit to Russia ends in a police raid. He and his crew become the first foreigners to be charged with making gay propaganda. They get off with a fright, but can't help but wonder: how will this continue? What does the future hold for gays, lesbians and transgenders in Russia? Central London, today; Dee is an anarchic street-artist confronting the system, Marcus is an armed robber on a jewellery store crime-wave. For the two brothers, being Anti-Social is a way of life. A writer who kills himself but is brought back to life and feels his destiny is get revenge on those who took his idea and that will include a b-listed indie horror actress , Delia Fox and ... A documentary revealing Hong Kong's creative industry through the lens of a range from start ups to industry's leading professionals. It is an introduction to what lies in the near future for creatives in Asia; rather than working in-house, creating micro brands and working as an independent consultant. Women's college basketball player Chamique Holdsclaw battles mental illness. Tracing anxieties about technology back to the 1880s, DREAMS REWIRED combines clips from nearly 200 films and newsreels with an insightful commentary by Tilda Swinton on our eternal love/hate relationship with a hyper-mediated world. In 2010 the Freedom Flotilla attempts to break the Israeli blockade of Gaza. In international waters the flotilla is attacked by the Israeli army and 9 people are killed. 9 anonymous people. But the dead still have a name. In 2014 Gaza is attacked by Israel. 2131 Palestinians are killed, among them 513 children. 513 dead children. But the dead children still have names.  The film is about a Jewish person who has made a political journey from the Vietnam war to Gaza. This person is the paediatrician Henry Ascher, who lost his fathers entire family in the Holocaust. From it's humble beginnings as a one night affair, the White House Correspondents' Association's annual dinner has grown into a nearly week long celebration of press, power players, celebrities and parties. A Politico reporter, Patrick Gavin, quits his job interviewing some of Washington's top policymakers and exposes a private world of excess and extravagance that is like nothing you'd ever imagine. Indian Point Nuclear Power Plant looms just 35 miles from Times Square. With over 50 million people living in close proximity to the aging facility, its continued operation has generated controversy for the surrounding community. In the brewing fight for clean energy and the catastrophic possibilities of complacency, director Ivy Meeropol weaves a startling portrait of our uncertain nuclear future. A woman who is robbed on her way to catch the 1:30 train to Boston is left stranded in New York City. She meets a man who helps her during the course of the night and the two form a romance. Of Dogs and Men explores the lengths people will go to change their station in life, and whether the path to survival is to betray-or to adopt the traits of-the monsters who feed them. The models in the 2014 Angels of Change calendar rise above their own challenges to help others do the same.  A touching story of friendship, struggle and triumph, the film follows the journey of two Somali national soccer team friends chasing their dreams in the face of impossible odds. After surviving two decades of war, Saadiq, 17, and Sa'ad, 19, the team's most promising stars, enter the only televised match of the year hoping scouts will be watching. With passports of no value on the world stage, soccer may be their only shot to escape a growing terror threat, persecution and poverty. Against the backdrop of fear and shared sacrifice, they embark on separate but equally improbable journeys. In the opportunity of a lifetime, Saadiq sets off for America with dreams of an education and a soccer career. Sa'ad continues his career in Mogadishu with the hopes of someday being reunited with his friend. Their biggest dream is shared - to be symbols of hope to generations who have only known war. A secret love affair between a southern Baptist preacher and a young drifter challenges the equilibrium of a growing church. As going through an economic vortex, Greece is experiencing condition in post-war history. Homeless people, unemployment, poverty, violent conflicts and the rise of the extreme-right are found all over the county. Is there any possible way to break through the crisis? This film follows development of the crisis and its impact on people's lives, as well as rise of fascism, while seeking answers from interested parties. An unsettling and eye opening exploration into the spread of the radical Islamic school Red Mosque, which trains legions of children to devote their lives to jihad, or holy war, from a very young age. With incredible access and chilling footage, Among the Believers is a timely and relevant look into the causes that have led to the growth of radical Islam in Pakistan and around the world. Following the journey of an Evangelical minister trying to find the courage to preach about the growing toll of gun violence in America. Reverend Rob Schenck, anti-abortion activist and fixture on the political far right, breaks with orthodoxy by questioning whether being pro-gun is consistent with being pro-life. Produced in the UK on a zero-budget, the filmmakers spent two years contacting and interviewing journalists, organisers and critics of the corrupt industrial practices highlighted by, but not limited to, the Leveson Inquiry in 2011. While the phone hacking scandal illuminated the depth and breadth of the cavalier flouting of legality and integrity in British journalism, there are larger implications and connections to ideology, entertainment, and political economy at work in this crisis. The Fourth Estate is the result of an examination of these connections at work. At the risk of her group's safety, a young woman travels into a National Forest where her sister has become trapped in a multi-dimensional world of monsters. 'Miriam: Home Delivery' is a feature length documentary following one of the longest-practicing midwives in New York City. Miriam has a 'voice and a mission'. We are with her as she drives through the city, enabling those women who have made choices about how and where they give birth, against the cultural norm.  For the last 500 years, Edilson has been cutting sugar cane in Brazil. One day, the machines arrive and he leaves his job to engage in his first space mission. A small step for him, a giant leap for the nation. The woman is awoken from her mid-afternoon suburban slumber by the arrival of an attractive young man over her garden fence. The man is being chased by the police and begs the woman to hide him, which much to her own surprise, she does. The police come and go leaving them alone at the back door, the sexual chemistry between them is as clear as day and were it not for an arrival at the front door things may have progressed further. The woman has a daughter and relations are at an all time low. However, the situation becomes even more strained when the girl brings a man back one night, the very same man from over the garden fence just days before. Despite their shock, the young man and the woman keep their cool maintaining the illusion that they have never met, evidently there is unfinished business they need to attend to. Poverty, Inc. explores the hidden side of doing good. From disaster relief to TOMs Shoes, from adoptions to agricultural subsidies, Poverty, Inc. follows the butterfly effect of our most well-intentioned efforts and pulls back the curtain on the poverty industrial complex - the multi-billion dollar market of NGOs, multilateral agencies, and for-profit aid contractors. Are we catalyzing development or are we propagating a system in which the poor stay poor while the rich get hipper? A Wisconsin doctor's controversial allergy treatment is shunned by the medical community for over half a century. Is a cure for the growing allergy epidemic on the horizon or will red tape keep patients wheezing? Dojo and May are a loving couple. Because Dojo has a brain tumor and needs 1 million baht for the operation, they decide to rob a money exchange store. Unluckily, the couple with 10 unfortunate patrons of the money exchange center are held hostages by 3 professional robbers on the same day. It is a robbery inside another robbery as well as some secrets among these people will be revealed. What could possibly happen when these people are trapped in the store with no way to escape? The Road to Home (2015), tells the story of Benny Wenda, the Nobel Peace Prize nominated West Papuan independence leader, in his ongoing struggle to free his people from Indonesian colonial rule. Since his dramatic escape from an Indonesian prison in 2002, where he was held in isolation and tortured as a political prisoner, Benny has been an unceasing crusader on the international scene, campaigning to bring about an end to the suffering of his people at the hands Indonesia's brutal colonial regime. Granted political asylum in the UK, Wenda's freedom of movement was restricted in 2011 when, at the behest of the Indonesian government, Interpol issued a 'red notice' putting him at extreme risk of extradition should he travel. On a fall night in 2003, Harvard undergrad and computer programming genius Mark Zuckerberg sits down at his computer and heatedly begins working on a new idea. In a fury of blogging and programming, what begins in his dorm room as a small site among friends soon becomes a global social network and a revolution in communication. A mere six years and 500 million friends later, Mark Zuckerberg is the youngest billionaire in history... but for this entrepreneur, success leads to both personal and legal complications. A documentary exploring how money and the trading of value has evolved, culminating in Bitcoin. A jury deliberates. Hidden amongst the mythical undergrowth in a grimy operation room, six Rabbit Humanoid Surgeons haphazardly fight to save the life of a damaged soul. The environmental problems caused by fracking in America have been well publicized but what's less known are the gas industry's plans for expansion in other countries. This investigation, filmed in Botswana, South Africa and North America, reveals how gas companies are quietly invading some of the most protected places on the planet. A biographical drama centered on the rivalry between Formula 1 drivers James Hunt and Niki Lauda during the 1976 Formula One motor-racing season.  Not since the invention of the Internet has there been such a disruptive technology as Bitcoin. Bitcoin's early pioneers sought to blur the lines of sovereignty and the financial status quo. After years of underground development Bitcoin grabbed the attention of a curious public, and the ire of the regulators the technology had subverted. After landmark arrests of prominent cyber criminals Bitcoin faces its most severe adversary yet, the very banks it was built to destroy. A single mom creates an unlikely weapon in the fight for world peace after her best friend a soldier, is axed in the head by a terrorist. Only now she finds herself in the battle of her life taking on corporate giants. In 20 years' time, there will be nearly 1.6 billion smokers around the world. Approximately 70% of smokers want to quit. The United Nations' World Health Organisation expects a billion people will die prematurely from smoking this century. The products their doctors recommend are rarely effective and many are trapped. A new vapour technology was invented to give smokers a successful way to quit. But it was quickly demonised, and even banned in many countries. A perfect storm is brewing between smokers trying to quit, government regulators, and health charities funded by the powerful pharmaceutical industry. Director Aaron Biebert travelled across four continents interviewing doctors, scientists, and others working to save a billion lives. What he found was profound government failure, widespread corruption in the public health community and powerful subversion by big business. Ten years ago Hurricane Katrina devastated the coast of Louisiana. Five years later the Deepwater Horizon exploded and spilled more than 200 million gallons of oil into the Gulf of Mexico, the worst ecologic disaster in North American history. Amazingly those aren't the worst things facing Louisiana's coastline today. It is that the state is fast disappearing. When on Earth Day 2010 BP's Deepwater Horizon exploded and sank many in Louisiana predicted it would change the state's coastline forever, both its economy and its people. How has the coast changed in the past five years? 'The Hurt Locker' meets 'An Inconvenient Truth', THE AGE OF CONSEQUENCES investigates the impacts of irreversible climate change, resource scarcity, mass migration, and pandemic conflict through the lens of US national security and global instability.  Over 18 months, The Big Flip follows the lives of four flipped families as they navigate the trials and triumphs of at-home fatherhood and mothers as main breadwinners. In a world where the majority of Americans still believe kids are better off when mom stays home, and that a good father should work hard to provide for his family, how will these families fare? Will resentments and doubt fester? Will love endure? British students Brian and Ethan protest against a dramatic increase in tuition fees. And as demonstrators clash with police, and media loyally follows the authorities' efforts to outlaw political protests, the future of one of Europe's most stable democracies hangs in the balance. This spirited documentary mixes striking recordings from the frontlines with interviews with engaged and eloquent activists that see the long lines in British politics over the course of the last decades. A new teacher introduces radical ideas at a nursery school and it leads to various reactions from the students and the parents. Forbidden: Undocumented and Queer in Rural America is an award-winning 2016 documentary about Moises Serrano, who grew up queer and undocumented in Yadkinville, North Carolina. A Texas tech start-up breaks every crowdfunding record in the books, but they lose it all when a patent troll shuts them down. Refusing to go down without a fight, our heroes use a legal loophole to beat the trolls at their own game. By obtaining a patent for BEING a patent troll, they're able to... troll the trolls. A chronicle of Bob Dylan's strange evolution between 1961 and 1966 from folk singer to protest singer to "voice of a generation" to rock star. A new film about homosexuality in the Inuit society shines a light on an often forgotten group of people. The Inuits are indigenous tribes who come from the northern territories of Canada. The word "inuit" means "the people" in the Inuktitut language. It is commonly believed that homosexuality does not exist in Inuit society, or is a choice, but documentary filmmakers Mark Kenneth Woods and Michael Yerxa aim to prove this untrue in their documentary, Two Soft Things, Two Hard Things. The title for the film comes from the Inuit word for homosexuals. The word for lesbians translates to "two soft things rubbing against each other" and the word for gay men means "two hard things rubbing against each other." A seven-year-old boy is sent to the countryside to be with his grandfather Li Fuchang. By pure chance, the old man finds out where an old friend is, whose days are numbered. He then decides to travel with his motorized tricycle to visit him, taking the child with him. A sober exploration of this generation's hopes, dreams and fears for themselves and for post-Umbrella Movement Hong Kong. A getaway driver finds himself in harm's way when he gets caught up in a job involving casino heist money leading to a debt over his head. In the Seventeenth Century, while Hungary is fighting the Turks, the population of a small village in... This film weaves together expert analysis of America's food and farming system with a powerful narrative of one extraordinary farmer who is determined to create a sustainable future for his community. Hector is a quirky psychiatrist who has become increasingly tired of his humdrum life. As he tells his girlfriend, Clara, he feels like a fraud: he hasn't really tasted life, and yet he's offering advice to patients who are just not getting any happier. So Hector decides to break out of his deluded and routine driven life. Armed with buckets of courage and child-like curiosity, he embarks on a global quest in hopes of uncovering the elusive secret formula for true happiness. And so begins a larger than life adventure with riotously funny results. Lou, a small time gangster who thinks he used to be something big, meets and falls for a sexy casino employee named Sally. She needs his help realizing her dream of going to Monte Carlo, a symbol of the glamorous life that she has been looking for so desperately. The story of organic agriculture, told by those who built the movement. A motley crew of back-to-the-landers, spiritual seekers and farmers' sons and daughters reject chemical farming and set out to explore organic alternatives. It's a heartfelt journey of change from a small band of rebels to a cultural transformation in the way we grow and eat food. By now organic has gone mainstream - split into an industry oriented toward bringing organic to all people, and a movement that has realized a vision of sustainable agriculture.  Ignoring the warnings of the locals, a group of teenage camp counselors takes on the job of reopening Camp Crystal Lake -- on Friday the 13th no less, and raise the ire of Jason Voorhees, a masked, homicidal maniac. The Busty Cops are back, and must prevent Finkel and Billy Viscious from winning an election by any means necessary. The Future Doesn't Need Us... Or So We've Been Told. With the rise of technology and the real-time pressures of an online, global economy, humans will have to be very clever - and very careful - not to be left behind by the future. From the perspective of those in charge, human labor is losing its value, and people are becoming a liability. This documentary reveals the real motivation behind the secretive effort to reduce the population and bring resource use into strict, centralized control. Could it be that the biggest threat we face isn't just automation and robots destroying jobs, but the larger sense that humans could become obsolete altogether? Tensions rise in a southeast Washington, DC community following the deadly shooting of an unarmed black teenager at the hands of a white man. An impromptu television interview shortly after the shooting captures a powerful rant by life-long black? In this delicious new documentary, Filipino-American filmmaker Alexandra Cuerdo follows the rise of Filipino food via the award-winning chefs crossing over to the center of the American table. ULAM: Main Dish stages this new culinary movement as not only a remarkable achievement for American restaurateurs, but also as a validation of Filipino culture. The film confronts issues inherent in representing both Filipino and American identity, and challenges from both the Filipino community and the world at large. Ultimately, ULAM is a celebration - and confirmation - that Filipino food, and Filipinos, are here to stay. The Lipizzan horse is considered to be the oldest extant cultural breed in Europe.  The breed dates back to the 16th century when it was created with the support of the Habsburg monarchy.  Lipizzan horses were bred to perform the purest form of classical riding, the High School dressage.  The finest representatives of Lipizzaner stallions begin training when they are four years old.  The horses are born dark and gradually grow lighter until they are completely white. Wally, a Trojan skinhead whose only friend is his beloved Dalmatian Neechee. One day while walking her, Wally accidentally becomes involved with a strange deal gone bad when he bumps into a fleeing stranger being chased by a group of mob thugs. His dog is then kidnapped by the mob thugs. Wally attains an arsenal of firearms and is ready to extract his revenge on the ruthless kingpins. All he wants is his dog back. The video is accompanied by a richly detailed article that adds more depth to the documentary. If there's any question about why Hollywood is dead set against the unionization of vfx artists, the following graphic from the article will answer the question: vfx artists comprise the biggest portion of the crew on most Hollywood blockbusters. Following the Satmar Hasidic Dynasty, this documentary explores the ultra-orthodox Jewish group's dealings and the corruption that surrounds them. First hand interviews and on the ground footage give a stirring account of The Standing Rock Sioux Nation's and water protectors' opposition to the Dakota Access Pipeline The film deals with the personal crisis of two different women from two different backgrounds who battle it out and they lend each other's shoulder to cry on. They also are able to come out of their 'cages' at the end. he 2005 collaboration between adventure film makers Alastair Lee and David Halsted has become one of the most significant British climbing films in years. The film charts the routes of arguably the worlds greatest traditional climber; Dave Birkett. 'Set in Stone' charts Dave's remarkable passion for climbing and the pursuit for a magical line on his beloved Lakeland crags. Featuring the first ascent of 'Return of the King' E9 6c, Dave's latest addition to Scafell's East Buttress - just one of many Lakeland masterpieces including the extraordinary "Nowt Burra Flee'in Thing" (E8 6c) - Cam Crag, Wasdale Screes; a stunningly evocative line. All filmed using innovative techniques, including 'The Brief History of Birkett ' animation which covers the 70 year Birkett family legacy. The Human Papilloma Vaccine (HPV) is a treatment in widespread use but its efficacy in preventing cancer is medically unproven, while unintended, adverse reactions are blighting and even ending the lives of girls and young women across the world. However, pharmaceutical manufacturers and many health authorities are refusing to acknowledge there is a problem and the medical community is continuing to offer the vaccine.  Sacrificial Virgins - so named because the vaccine is often given to girls before they become sexually active - exposes increasing evidence of serious neurological damage following the HPV injections. It calls for the vaccine to be withdrawn in the hope that this will help to halt another global tragedy. This immersive doco covers 17 years of protest and activism in America from thwarted processions by the KKK and events celebrating the Confederate Flag, to the Occupy Wall Street movement and rallies for Trump. Detroit's Cass Corridor, one of the roughest areas in the city for the past 100 years, is experiencing a complete overhaul, as long-awaited development finally sweeps the area. Long known as a center of drugs and prostitution, and also once home to a thriving Chinese enclave, it's now peppered with boutique shops, new bars and restaurants and the just-debuted Little Caesars Arena. This feature from noted Detroit artist Nicole Macdonald mixes a personal, journalistic and historic approach as it looks at who and what remains in the Corridor. We hear how residents survived, and how they sometimes didn't, as gentrification redefines the space.  A first-hand look into the revolutionary rise of the "citizen investigative journalist" collective known as Bellingcat. Comprised of various distinct personalities from around the globe, Bellingcat is an online association of talented and dedicated truth-seekers utilizing advanced digital research techniques to upend the world of journalism. De facto leader Eliot and his fellow researchers give us exclusive access into their tight-knit world as they demonstrate the unlimited power of open source investigation. In cases ranging from the MH17 disaster to the hidden crimes of the Syrian regime, the group's power and growing global influence is examined and explored. The White City tells the story of an emotionally charged love triangle set in the hot political climate of modern Tel Aviv. A young couple take a winter break in Tel Aviv as an opportunity to exercise their creativity. But while Eva writes poetry and parties with friends, Kyle works on a film which expresses his own confused sexuality with Avi, a young ex-soldier; drawing Avi further into the couple's complex relationship. The White City presents a new slant on the love triangle genre, with the backdrop of Tel Aviv as a cultural counterpoint to the American couple's life.  Cambridge Film Festival 2014 (http://www.cambridgefilmfestival.org.uk/films/2014/the-white-city) In 1987, during the austere days of Thatcher's Britain, a teenager learns to live life, understand his family, and find his own voice through the music of Bruce Springsteen. Former dance instructor Emman Toledo was employed as a dance instructor for a governor's ball. He finds himself in a passionate love affair with Cedes Fernandez who happens to be engaged to Dylan Evelino son of the governor. The couple finds themselves in a dangerous situation. The Evelino Clan is too powerful that nothing gets in their way to get what they want. Despite her hatred for the dirty politics, Cedes has no choice but to succumb to the decision of Dylan out of her indebtedness towards the family. Emman is drawn towards Cedes from the first time she catches his eye. As their lives intertwine through dance, Emman and Cedes find themselves resisting an affair: one that holds the truths to their painful pasts, and the memories of a boundless love. Pursuing their feelings for each other will only set fire to the dangers and trappings of their love, so much so that their love could cost them their lives. Breath is a creative documentary about human existence and the mysteries of life and death, seen in the everyday life of a small village in the middle of nowhere, in the countryside of Brazil, where families have lived for years, almost completely isolated from contact with the outside world. Wind, dust, mountains, silence and time... Man and nature live together there in both harmony and conflict, amidst what is and what could be, in the vastness of a landscape grander than vision can grasp. A democracy should protect its most vulnerable citizens, but increasingly the United States is failing to do so. This investigation blends the insights of experts with the experiences of citizens of the Rust Belt in the Midwest where the steel industry once flourished, but where closures and outsourcing have left urban areas desolate. It is here where Donald Trump finds some of his most fervent supporters. Lawmakers and activists with conflicting ideologies speak about the complexities of Catalonia's politics and the fight for its independence from Spain. An elderly war veteran feels lonely and unwanted while living with his son and daughter-in-law, but he learns his life still has purpose when he befriends a neighborhood child with a troubled family life. Sacred Land, Sacred Water, a multimedia documentary, is the story of science and citizens working together to resist the oil and gas lobby's efforts to pass a fracking-friendly ordinance in Sandoval County, New Mexico - threatening the sole drinking water aquifer for the population of the greater Albuquerque area. Philosopher; Stefan Molyneux, travels across Poland in order to talk to proud Poles & learn about the history of the great country. 