Modern relationships are examined in this comedy drama. Documentary - Beauty Beneath the Dirt follows the story of three young urbanites -- a lawyer, an Ivy grad, and a city chick -- as they attempt to balance family, friendship, and personal happiness while hiking from Georgia to Maine. -  Katherine Imp, Brandon Imp, Emily Ginger British Explorer, Sarah Begum follows her childhood dream at the age of 21, travelling deep into the Ecuadorian Amazon Rainforest to live with the legendary Huaorani tribe and immerse in their ancient way of life. Sarah hunts and gathers with warriors, captures their stories and struggles whilst investigating into the impacts of modernity on their culture. Through a defining challenge, she becomes one of the tribe to send their message about protecting their land from exploitation. Music/Musical - Jimmy Cliff is one of the founding fathers of reggae music, setting the soulful standards to which countless other reggae musicians have aspired throughout the years. This street-level documentary traces Cliff's roots back to Kingston, Jamaica, offering personal tours of his old stomping grounds. A flamboyant restaurateur, a good ol' boy and a political ingenue, walk into a small town political contest and compete head to head to head, for the non-paid mayoral seat of the Tomato Republic. What happens next is anyones guess. The only thing that could slow this race down is a freight train. Let the takeover begin.  - Written by Whitney Graham Carter About Miracles features four dramatic, true stories about modern day miracles. Told by the actual people involved and featuring gripping reenactments, these stories will amaze you as they strengthen your faith. The Emerging Past Director's Cut 2017 English Movie This fascinating film sheds light on the drug wars being fought in just about every corner of the world, from South America and Asia to Europe and the Middle East. Special features include "underground" footage taken from notorious gang hangouts, interviews with drug vigilantes and a special short about the execution of Pablo Escobar, the Colombian drug lord who became one of the richest men in the world by smuggling cocaine. Terrace House: Closing Door is a 2015 Japanese film that acted as a continuation/ending to the Fuji Television reality show Terrace House: Boys x Girls Next Door.  Short by James Benning. Three families compete for a camping spot during a busy Fourth of July holiday weekend. The Words follows young writer Rory Jansen who finally achieves long sought after literary success after publishing the next great American novel. There's only one catch - he didn't write it. As the past comes back to haunt him and his literary star continues to rise, Jansen is forced to confront the steep price that must be paid for stealing another man's work, and for placing ambition and success above life's most fundamental three words. A stylish look at the growing surfing scene and counterculture of the 1960s, this documentary explores whether Hawaii's Dick Brewer or Australia's Bob McTavish deserves credit for inventing controllable shortboards to replace bulky longboards. Narrated by actor Simon Baker, this wipeout-filled sports movie features interviews with surfing royalty such as Kelly Slater, Mick Fanning, Layne Beachley and Laird Hamilton. League of Exotique Dancers explores vintage Burlesque's world of fun, frolic, and feathers, yet also turns the spotlight on the poverty, racism, and sexism that were rampant under all that glitter. Enjoy this crackling fireplace during a holiday party or a cozy night in. Shot in stunning 4K Ultra HD, this music-free fireplace video flickers, crackles and adds warmth to any room. Loop video playback for continuous enjoyment. The prison population of the United States is enormous with over two million individuals currently incarcerated nationwide. Nearly 80,000 of those are held in solitary confinement. They have no human contact and every element of their environment is controlled. Meals come through a slot in the solid steel door, as does all communication with prison staff. They might be allowed to shower once a week. They might not see the outdoors for months or years on end. They spend 22-24 hours a day in their cell with little to no human contact for days or even decades. The sensory deprivation they endure causes severe psychological damage. These people are invisible to us--and eventually to themselves. The UN has condemned solitary confinement. But it continues. (This is a virtual reality project featured as an installation for the first time. It is also a 2016 TFI New Media Fund grantee.) A group of old friends gather for a girls' night on New Years Eve. But as they begin to rehash old memories, many of the gripes they've been harboring manifest in murderous ways. Gay Hollywood Dad chronicles the first six months of single gay dad Quentin Lee juggling between raising his newborn baby by himself and making his means as an acclaimed independent filmmaker in Hollywood. A deaf woman is stalked by a psychotic killer in her secluded home. The untold story of Katherine G. Johnson, Dorothy Vaughan and Mary Jackson - brilliant African-American women working at NASA and serving as the brains behind one of the greatest operations in history - the launch of astronaut John Glenn into orbit. The visionary trio crossed all gender and race lines to inspire generations to dream big. A live stream of the October 27, 2017 concert at the Bell Center in Montreal, Canada. The film, Sons of St. Clair, chronicles the group's Krayzie Bone and Bizzy Bone as they reinvent their sound. 