To land a role in the movie Hooker X, Asian American actress Windy (Cheryl Ling) researches what life is like as a prostitute. After being mistaken for a real call girl by undercover cops, Windy runs into trouble with a group of thugs and a huge wrestler. Poking fun at the entertainment industry as well as Asian stereotypes, this independent comedy co-stars Pat Morita, Martin Kove and Dean Haglund. Dean and Sal are the portrait of the Beat Generation. Their search for "It" results in a fast paced, energetic roller coaster ride with highs and lows throughout the U.S. After an accident at the hair salon, Violet realizes she's not living life to the fullest. A soulful barber helps her put the pieces back together. In a seemingly perfect community, without war, pain, suffering, differences or choice, a young boy is chosen to learn from an elderly man about the true pain and pleasure of the "real" world. A woman who is robbed on her way to catch the 1:30 train to Boston is left stranded in New York City. She meets a man who helps her during the course of the night and the two form a romance. The story of a long-lost book that mysteriously reappears and connects an old man searching for his son with a girl seeking a cure for her mother's loneliness. Sketch comedy anthology. TV commercials, movie and politics are parodied. Stars Pat Morita An artist falls for a married young woman while he's commissioned to paint her portrait. The two invest in the risky tulip market in hopes to build a future together. Bruce Wayne is missing. Alfred covers for him while Nightwing and Robin patrol Gotham City in his stead. And a new player, Batwoman, investigates Batman's disappearance. A slacker hatches a million-dollar idea. But, in order to see it through, he has to learn to trust his attractive corporate counterpart. Based on Max Barry's novel. Two stages of a Dominican-American's life; first as a boy trying to bond with his young mother, then a 21-year-old looking for love in New York City. English-language adaptation of Albert Cohen's epic Swiss tale of a tortured love affair between a high-ranking Jewish official and the protestant wife of one of his employees. When Gerda Wegener asks her husband Einar to fill in as a portrait model, Einar discovers the person she's meant to be and begins living her life as Lili Elbe. Having realized her true self and with Gerda's love and support, Lili embarks on a groundbreaking journey as a transgender pioneer. A rock & roll romantic comedy centered on an eclectic group of Greenwich Village East residents, led by the intellectual slacker Dex and the passionate Bohemian rock-star-in-the-making, Max. Their grunge chic New York group's divergent backgrounds and views serve to highlight how the pursuit of love, in all its forms and manifestations remains the driving force behind our lives, regardless of age, race, culture, religion or sexual orientation. The journey is punctuated by an original, pulsating soundtrack and live band performances by the all girl group MaxiTit and its faithful lesbian following. Young Army staff sergeant Wesley Kent returns to his small hometown from war in Afghanistan. He must cope with burying the body of his best friend under his command and enduring the news of the death of his girlfriend Aspen Malverne who passed away in a car accident while he was abroad. Kari the babysitter thinks she's in for a night of routine babysitting. She's prepared to provide neurological stimulation with some soothing musical accompaniment for little Jack-Jack, the smallest member of the incredible Parr family. Little does she know that Jack-Jack will teach her a thing or two about babies with "special needs." Unlucky in love, strangled at work, and tormented at home, Joel Slater is desperately searching for a way to juggle his life. But sometimes, the secret to happiness begins with letting go. Smitten with a Jewish woman, a gentile asks his Jewish pal to advise him on how to act like a member of the community. France, 1940. In the first days of occupation, beautiful Lucile Angellier is trapped in a stifled existence with her controlling mother-in-law as they both await news of her husband: a prisoner of war. Parisian refugees start to pour into their small town, soon followed by a regiment of German soldiers who take up residence in the villagers' own homes. Lucile initially tries to ignore Bruno von Falk, the handsome and refined German officer staying with them. But soon, a powerful love draws them together and leads them into the tragedy of war. Chooriyan is the story of Simran (Gracy Singh), an orphan who has always dreamt of being a part of a family. Her dream finally comes true when Army Office Aman (Sudanshu Pandde) asks her to marry him and she lives happily as part of Aman's family. Aman and Simran cherish every moment before he returns back to his army duty. During a space voyage, four scientists are altered by cosmic rays: Reed Richards gains the ability to stretch his body; Sue Storm can become invisible; Johnny Storm controls fire; and Ben Grimm is turned into a super-strong ... thing. Together, these "Fantastic Four" must now thwart the evil plans of Dr. Doom and save the world from certain destruction. Directed by Joel Lamangan, "The Significant Other" follows the story of a rising fashion model (Erich Gonzales) who catches up and becomes BFFs with her catwalk idol (Lovi Poe). But all hell breaks lose when they realize that they are in love with the same man (Tom Rodriguez). Psychiatrist Sam Foster has a new patient, Henry Letham, who claims to be suicidal. In trying to diagnose him, Sam visits Henry's prior therapist and also finds Henry's mother -- even though Henry has said that he murdered both of his parents. As reality starts to contradict fact, Sam spirals into an unstable mental state. Then he finds a clue as to how and when Henry may try to kill himself, and races to try to stop him. An Indian soldier gets stuck in no man's land along with his Pakistani counterpart. They disregard their differences as they join forces to save the life of a Kashmiri boy who steps onto a mine.  Liu (Stephen Fung) awaits execution after he is convicted of murdering his friends. According to Chinese superstition, the souls of the dead have 49 days to wander the earth before going to heaven or hell for an eternity. Liu and his lawyer (Gilian Chung) must find a way to intersect with the spirits to prove his innocence.   Bollywood 1976. Amaluna invites the audience to a mysterious island governed by Goddesses and guided by the cycles of the moon.  Their queen, Prospera, directs her daughter's coming-of-age ceremony in a rite that honours femininity, renewal, rebirth and balance which marks the passing of these insights and values from one generation to the next.  In the wake of a storm caused by Prospera, a group of young men lands on the island, triggering an epic, emotional story of love between Prospera's daughter and a brave young suitor. But theirs is a love that will be put to the test. The couple must face numerous demanding trials and overcome daunting setbacks before they can achieve mutual trust, faith and harmony. 2018 film Hatred Lefan (Rendy Herpy) in the greater his father when he had lost his mother. Lefan assume that the life of his mother, his father always hurt inner mother. When Lefan are in this situation, Elfa ([Hidayatur Rahmi]), sister of a cleric advised him to no effect. A movie about sexual love as a drunk woman finds her way to a man's house in the middle of the night. Dong-wook is on his first day of work and finds out there's only the female owner and the female team manager in the office. The team manager Mi-ran claim everyone's gone on vacation and shows Dong-wook his seat. However, Dong-wook is surprised at the way she approaches him. They secretly have sex in the office. Later, he has a talk with Eun-min the owner and she tells him to be good to her if he wants to keep working there. Then she asks him for a massage. Now, Mi-ran and Eun-min start to bully him in the most peculiar way. Sexy VJ Flirty-zel is waiting for her prince when her boyfriend goes bankrupt and forces her to VJ for an adult website under the name of VJ Flirty-zel. She instantly gets famous but Ji-yeon dreams of escaping the 'prison' as she suffers from abuse and pressure every day. Meanwhile, a man who adores her on the internet finds out where she's held captive... Dae-ho, Man-soo and Jae-kyeong gathered for a friend's wedding. The groom says he's buying so they drink their night away at a street stall. However, the groom doesn't show up and the other three talk about their sex fantasies while they wait... This hostel is full of beautiful women!  Hyeon-soo manages a hostel run by his friend Jeong-ho. It's a hostel for foreign female students. There is a Korean-American from LA, a Japanese who's here to learn Korean out of love for K-Pop and his friend's sister who just happens to be there. These women are very outspoken and Hyeon-soo and Jeong-ho fall for them. This hostel is full of beautiful women!  Hyeon-soo manages a hostel run by his friend Jeong-ho. It's a hostel for foreign female students. There is a Korean-American from LA, a Japanese who's here to learn Korean out of love for K-Pop and his friend's sister who just happens to be there. These women are very outspoken and Hyeon-soo and Jeong-ho fall for them. Baek-ho lives in his brother's house and he's a jobless man with his mind in the gutter. He steals his in-law's panties for his own pleasure.  One day he is caught. Henry Steele is a basketball phenom at his small town high school, but when he matriculates to a big city university on a scholarship, soon realizes that he has few skills outside the sport. Expected by his coach to contribute significantly to the team, Henry is overwhelmed by the demands on his time, the "big business" aspect of college sports, and the fact that he never fully learned to read. Things look bleak for Henry when Janet Hays, a pretty graduate student, is assigned as Henry's tutor. Her intellect and strength lift Henry out of his doldrums just in time to battle the coach, who attempts to rescind Henry's scholarship. Love, motherhood and a musical career strike dissonant chords in this dark tale of a young Russian woman who tries to keep her balance among wealthy French expats in New York. The film is a comedy entertainer where Angad is a child adopted by two fathers. Angad has to fulfill wishes of both his fathers, be it eating breakfast or picking clothes. There comes a time in his life when two girls fall for him and he cannot choose who will be the love of his life. Meguro, who works for the advertising design company, even with the marriage contract, is still in constant rendezvous with the fascinating wife Miyin. On one day, the client who was the head of an advertising agency came to visit Meguro. The original Shanwei was Mings husband. Shanwei tells Meguro that if she does not want to lose her social status because of her unrequited love, she will continue to communicate with Ming and teach her well...  A lonely New Yorker serendipitously meets a mysterious foreigner and sparks ignite. A meditation on life and love in the digital age. From the bride's room to the dance floor, through the situations created by photographers, we follow three couples on their wedding day. People working in the industry invite us to imagine the choices that the preparation of this day implies, the course of marriage preparation leads us to project the future that starts now: a daily life together. When looking at it - we all know how's a wedding - All the Days of Our Lives tries to think about the desires that guide our life choices, ideals of love, having a family, belonging to the community.  A collected-works compilation featuring three short films, "Geu-ge a-ni-go/Not That", "Hear My Song", "Seul-peun ssin/Sad Song", by contemporary South Korean filmmakers and produced by fashion magazine W Korea on its 10th year anniversary. Three petty thieves who the police believe to be major criminals are chased into a basement bar where they take five hostages including all the bar employees. The rest of the movie deals with the cops lurking outside the bar while the trio try to get hold of the situation inside. With Masculin feminin, ruthless stylist and iconoclast Jean-Luc Godard introduces the world to "the children of Marx and Coca-Cola," through a gang of restless youths engaged in hopeless love affairs with music, revolution, and each other. French new wave icon Jean-Pierre Leaud stars as Paul, an idealistic would-be intellectual struggling to forge a relationship with the adorable pop star Madeleine. Through their tempestuous affair, Godard fashions a candid and wildly funny free-form examination of youth culture in throbbing 1960s Paris, mixing satire and tragedy as only Godard can. Dave Lizewski is an unnoticed high school student and comic book fan who one day decides to become a super-hero, even though he has no powers, training or meaningful reason to do so. The movie follows three directors, three group of students, three stories, who all aim at the upcoming National Students' Talent Competition, where all the students training hard to perform on stage to win the game. Happy Days is an adaptation of Samuel Beckett's challenging absurdist drama, a play most would deem unfilmable. Faithfully adhering to Beckett's minimalist original, a black parody of love, marriage, and our search for meaning in an unfathomable universe, the piece consists of but two pathetic characters. One, wife Winnie, spends the duration of the drama half-buried in a pile of dirt; in true Beckett fashion, her predicament is never explained. The other character, husband Willie, is almost never seen. Dublin stage and screen veteran Rosaleen Linehan, in the lead, is exceptional as the trapped woman clinging to the empty, arbitrary routines and rituals of life, ever hopeful that 'this is going to be a happy day. Samudra never thinks that the head trauma she encountered years ago would prevent her from completing her college degree. Feeling frustrated and hopeless, she goes to her father for advice. "Never lose hope and always keep your spirits up", her father always tells her. He pushes her to travel the world and document it in her writings. starts her journey. She travels around the world and documents her experiences in her blog. As she becomes more popular, her fans and readers start to call her JilbabTraveller  The news of her father's weakening health brings her home. She decides to take care and be by his side all the time.Sitting next to him, he gives her a mission to go find love in Baluran, a place in Eastern Java where nature and beauty blends into one. A place where he found his true love, mom. The friendship between two life-long girlfriends is put to the test when one starts a family and the other falls ill. Dash Akol is greatly respected in Shiraz as an honorable man who has lost his family's money through helping his friends. He has an enemy, however, named Kaka Rostam, a mean and spiteful person. Dash Akol, who is in his forties, falls in love with Marjan, daughter of the late Haji Samad, for whose estate he is the executor. But he keeps his love secret. One day a suitor asks for Marjan's hand, and Dash Akol considers it against his code of honor to refuse. On the night of the wedding, Dash Akol hands over responsibility for the family to the bridegroom. As he is leaving the house, however, Kaka Rostam is waiting for him and a fight ensues. Kaka Rostam stabs him in the back, but Dash Akol succeeds in killing him. On his deathbed, Dash Akol sends his parrot to Marjan with the confession of love he has taught it. Four teens on the run from an orphanage spring a fellow orphan recently adopted by a rich family, then trash the whole house. After spending eight months in a mental institution, a former teacher moves back in with his parents and tries to reconcile with his ex-wife. After being in an intense bar fight, Ai Fei gets bitten by Thomas, a vampire, to save his life. Ai Fei is then confined in Thomas' home as he will slowly start to turn into a vampire over the next 3 months. While Thomas goes on the search for the 'Vampire Bible', so he is able to obtain a power to fix something that happened in the past. Unfortunately, he has to avoid demon hunters. At first, Ai Fei wanted to leave Thomas' house. But over time they start to feel something for each other. But will Ai Fei be able to cope if he finds out what Thomas did in the past? A chance encounter at a bar unravels into a surreal and intense all nighter. Mister 420 movie is a romantic action entertainer written and directed by S.S.Ravikumar and produced by Hari Kumar Reddy Gajjala under Saanvi Creations A no-budget metafilm filled with pop cultural references, Metatitanic deconstructs the performative essence of romantic love. The Dark Party is a modern-day tale of looking for love in all the wrong faces. When two best friends Jeff (Kadeem Hardison) and Mike (Marcus Patrick) enlist the aid of a radio talk psychologist, he turns their ultimate blind date party into a serious social experiment. In the midst of all their fun and games lurks a killer who's dead set on eliminating one of the players. Film starring Ayush Kumar, Mamta Kulkarni and Suchitra Krishnamoorthi In this Janette Oke sequel to "Love Comes Softly," the eldest child in an 1800s frontier family, Missie Davis is a bright and beautiful elementary schoolteacher whose love for the prairie is matched only by her passion for books. When Missie encounters Grant, a handsome New England railroad executive, she feels as though shes met a hero from one of her novels. After a bad blind date, a man and woman find themselves stuck together at a resort for families, where their attractions grows as their respective kids benefit from the burgeoning relationship. On the eve of his 25th birthday, the day he's set to receive money from his trust fund, Rocco (Xian Lim) parties, gets drunk and loses all his money on a poker match. His dilemma: He has to produce the amount, otherwise he will lose the client he needs to defeat his father's TV commercial production company.  Meanwhile, Rocky (Kim Chiu) also needs money to pay the rent, otherwise her family will be homeless.  There's only one way for Rocco to be able to get money from his trust fund: Fulfill the conditions set by his grandmother and that is to get married.  Rocky agrees to act as Rocco's pseudo wife in exchange for a "talent fee." They seal the deal.  As they live like a married couple, Rocco and Rocky face one problem after another, forcing them with no alternative but to reconcile their differences and work with each other. Complication arises when they start to feel for each other, with their bond getting closer. Modern relationships are examined in this comedy drama. After her family is attacked by Muslims, Savithri, a Brahmin, seeks refuge in the house of a man belonging to a lower caste. Without her family's name, she is exposed to the dark side of casteism. Teenage Dazhi because the network operating gifted, became civilian agents. Meng Xiaoling Xianpinaifu childhood orphanage, follow rich second Duha gold to Italy a shopping spree, spending billions of dollars you want to buy gold Duha Expo Street, but vehemently opposed by the local people. Linda premeditated gang sets out the Duchenne property use password setup, collect money to hire a hacker, Dazhi to recover Ling, Tong Fu cracked major exotic. A father and son reunite ten years after switching bodies.  A Hui lives with his brother and sister-in-law, always getting in their way. Hence they decide to find him a bride so that he will set up his own home. His chosen bride, flown in from Vietnam, is horrified to find herself married to an "old and ugly" man. Coming from different backgrounds and with conflicting interests in life, the unlikely couple go through many hilarious upsets before they finally settle down together A year from the life of a first-grader and his parents. Ajay Rao is an aspiring rockstar, who comes to Bengaluru to make it big in the rock music industry. He is also nursing a broken heart after losing his girlfriend Pranitha in an accident. Bollywood 1961  A hitchiker (Alain Delon) is taken in by a wealthy industrialist (Domiziana Giordano). Maheruh is a Hindi movie starring Amit Dolawat and Drisha More in prominent roles. It is a drama directed by Vithal Sunita Veturkar. Much to her distress, a woman who's long put up her guard by only dating men for their money suddenly finds herself falling in love for real. A strict, religious father struggles to control the romances developing in his family and household. A young businessman tries to rent a family in order to impress his rich relative. Ayesha (Sameera Reddy) is the elder daughter of rich business tycoon Mr. Verma (Kabir Bedi), an overprotective father who's kept his two daughters away from modern influences. Ayesha goes to college and comes in contact with Ajay (Sohail Khan), the leader of a group called Aryans, responsible for handling the security at the college. Ajay's soft-spoken nature and humble, down-to-earth attitude soon make Ayesha his most ardent admirer. Andres (Jean Pierre Agostini) it's a fan of Los Leones del Caracas one of the principal baseball teams of Venezuela. Julissa (Juliette Pardau) it's a fan of Los Navegantes del Magallanes, the rival team. One day Andres gets tickets to see the game in Magallanes VIP Zone. He meets Julissa and her dad who is not only fan but one of the team's managers. Andres and Julissa will fall in love and will have to pretend to be fan of the other's team. But soon trouble will arise. This Hoichoi exclusive movie depicts, Rahul and Trina's roller-coaster romantic ride. Can they make it together? Watch the full movie on Hoichoi. Andres and Julissa now parents to a seven year old Carlitos struggle to live happily as a family despite being fervent fans of rival teams and of Vicente's (Julissa's father) disapproval. Broomfield's behind-the-scenes document of the making of a musical becomes a ceremonious unmaking-of as egos, budgets and general calamity conspire to ruin the best efforts of all involved in the New York rehearsals for an extravagant, glitzy production. A female office worker grows tired of her popular and attractive colleague's office affairs, and releases explicit footage of her as revenge. Traveling from the deserts of Namibia to the forests of the Amazon, this documentary provides an up-close view of the snake world in all it scaly glory. Cameras mounted on serpents' backs allow viewers a snake's-eye view of their habits and habitats. The resulting footage reveals how they mate, give birth, hunt, feed and make their way through the world. Cobras, thread snakes and desert horned vipers and are just a few of the creatures featured. Aleeya Azmeen willingly went to London with her boyfriend five years ago only to get dumped by him in the end. Things became worse when she was thrown out of London's college. Left with nothing, she had no choice but to return to Malaysia. But how will she explain what has happened to her family and friends? A fated meeting at Heaththrow airport with Zariel Daniel, who is willing to become Aleeya's fake husband for a week, leads to many dramatic and hilarious situations. When two poor greasers, Johnny, and Ponyboy are assaulted by a vicious gang, the socs, and Johnny kills one of the attackers, tension begins to mount between the two rival gangs, setting off a turbulent chain of events. A girl named Jung-min writes to a young man named Hyun-jun, who is serving in the army. She lies about her age and claims to be a teacher. As Jung-min turns twenty, a 30-year-old man, who has eyes filled with sadness moves into her village. Every night, he sends letters through a pigeon to a deceased woman he loved dearly. He sends them high up in the sky, knowing that he will never get a reply. Then one day, like magic, he receives a letter. The letters sent through pigeons reveal someone's loneliness and sadness. And the two people meet each other by sheer chance..  Linda Watt is a sheltered but brilliant young scientist who is plucked out of her company's lab and sent to India by her CEO to sell "Rice 9," a genetically modified rice she's created. However, unbeknownst to her, the rice will destroy the Indian farmers she thinks she's helping. A former stripper's talent with numbers lands her a job with a professional gambler who runs a sports book in Las Vegas. Jack's left with a debt with the mob that will be hard to repay. Marrying the car dealer's illegal immigrant girlfriend may be the only way out. A small town waitress gets a nail accidentally lodged in her head causing unpredictable behavior that leads her to Washington, DC.  Sparks fly when she meets a clueless young senator who takes up her cause - but what happens when love interferes with what you stand for? England, 1932. Today is Dolly Thatcham's wedding day, and her family is arriving at the manor house with all the cheerfulness, chaos and grievances that accompany such gatherings. Trouble soon appears in the shape of Joseph, Dolly's lover from the previous summer, who throws her feelings into turmoil. But Dolly's mother will not allow her carefully laid plans for her daughter's future to be threatened... Ali (LAWRENCE ADISA), is a struggling real estate agent and ladies man who has never desired to commit to anyone or anything. One night while out with his buddy Chris (OMAR MILLER), Ali meets and falls for Sandrine (DAVETTA SHERWOOD), a single mother who works hard and is looking for love. Ali's best friend Joel (BRIAN HOOKS) and his wife (TANGI MILLER) are happy to see Ali cut off his line of women, while Sandrine's best friend Steph (TEYANA TAYLOR) is unenthusiastic about Sandrine welcoming a man into her home to meet her son and mother (KELLITA SMITH).  With a declining real estate career and issues with his new relationship, Ali starts questioning just how committed he's willing to be. One important meeting with real estate mogul James Johnson (MEKHI PHIFER) could change his life for forever.  For the first time it looks like Ali may make a transformation if he can steer clear of obstacles. In the end will love conquer all? Or will broken hearts be all that's left of their romance? Pledging to keep herself from being the oldest and the only woman in her entire family never to wed, Montana embarks on a thirty-day, thirty-thousand-mile expedition to charm a potential suitor into becoming her fiance. Exactly one year after Tom meets Violet, he surprises her with a wedding ring. By all accounts, Tom and Violet are destined for their happily ever after. However, this engaged couple just keep getting tripped up on the long walk down the aisle. While traveling abroad, a guy falls for a Romanian beauty whose unreachable heart has its origins in her violent, charismatic ex. A romantic comedy about a woman struggling to make it in the recording industry. Her life is complicated by her brother, a wacky garbage man who acts as her manager. He constantly sets her up with one humiliating gig after another, each one pushing her closer and closer to throwing in the towel for good. Only after a chance run in with love, do all her dreams finally come true. Dale Squire is a hip, quirky, independent single gal living in the glossy city of Los Angeles. After several failed attempts in quasi-relationships, Dale concludes that finding a meaningful relationship in L.A. is impossible. But being anti-social is tough for any young girl in Hollywood. With Jill's frantic wedding right around the corner, Dale finds herself reflecting on the significance of marriage, and the mutual respect needed for a successful relationship. When Zach, a successful heartthrob rock star and old friend of Dale's finds his way back into her life, Dale slowly starts to think that maybe finding love in L.A. is possible - the only problem is that her realization might have come too late, leaving Dale in a silent love triangle, with no way out.  Written by Will, Christie Germany, 1944. Leyna, the 15-year old daughter of a white German mother and a black African father, meets Lutz, a compassionate member of the Hitler Youth whose father is a prominent Nazi soldier, and they form an unlikely connection in this quickly changing world. When porn director Pablo reluctantly breaks up with his boyfriend, Juan, he encourages him to stay in touch. Juan moves away to live in a lighthouse and eventually writes his ex, but in the interim Pablo has taken up a psychotic new lover, Antonio. Antonio intercepts their correspondence and flies into a towering rage, terrifying Pablo but inspiring him creatively as he works on a play about his transsexual sister. A group of childhood friends return to their former hometown to revisit the horrors that happened there 15 years ago. A stifled, small-town man stuck in a dead end life, runs away to Mexico to be a mariachi singer. MARIACHI GRINGO is a musical tour-de-force exploring the reality of "following your dreams" across cultural, personal, social and geographical borders. A celebrated military contractor returns to the site of his greatest career triumphs and re-connects with a long-ago love while unexpectedly falling for the hard-charging Air Force watchdog assigned to him. North Carolina mountains at the end of the 1920s - George and Serena Pemberton, love-struck newly-weds, begin to build a timber empire. Serena soon proves herself to be equal to any man: overseeing loggers, hunting rattle-snakes, even saving a man's life in the wilderness. With power and influence now in their hands, the Pembertons refuse to let anyone stand in the way of their inflated love and ambitions. However, once Serena discovers George's hidden past and faces an unchangeable fate of her own, the Pemberton's passionate marriage begins to unravel leading toward a dramatic reckoning. A young male escort falls for the "girl next door", only to find himself caught between two colliding worlds. After being abandoned at the altar, Jason courts the girl of his dreams on the Internet. When she arrives in Los Angeles for their wedding, there's an unexpected surprise. Dominick has always been a big kid who loved eating. It was his favourite thing. Then his cousin dies from health complications due to an improper diet and his sister makes him promise to lose some weight. This is very hard for him, but he finds motivation when he falls in love with Lydia. He spends so much time kissing and walking around with her that he no longer eats as many unhealthy things, and he loses weight without even trying. Free-spirited writer Juliet Ashton forms a life-changing bond with the delightful and eccentric Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society, when she decides to write about the book club they formed during the occupation of Guernsey in WWII. A young wannabe musician  who discovers he has bitten off more than he can chew when he joins an eccentric pop band led by the mysterious and enigmatic Frank. Over the course of 12 years, and three stages of life, Sidney Hall falls in love, writes the book of a generation and then disappears without a trace. New York City is full of lonely hearts seeking the right match, and what Alice, Robin, Lucy, Meg, Tom and David all have in common is the need to learn how to be single in a world filled with ever-evolving definitions of love. Karthik's flirting ways during his college days leave a bad impression on Malar. A few years later, the two end up working at the same office, though they are on different floors. Karthik falls in love with Malar but considering that she hates even the very mention of his name, he introduces himself to her as Sundar. How long can he carry on this game of deception? Alex, Emily, and their son, RJ, are new to Los Angeles. A chance meeting at the park introduces them to the mysterious Kurt, Charlotte, and Max. A family "playdate" becomes increasingly interesting as the night goes on. Ibrahim chooses to fall for young and handsome Kevin over marrying his cute but expensive cousin Elif while kid brother Furkan converts to Islamic fundamentalism. Although Sam has the mental capacity of a 7-year-old, he has a daughter with a homeless woman who abandons them when they leave the hospital, leaving Sam to raise Lucy on his own. But as Lucy grows up, Sam's limitations start to become a problem and the authorities take her away. Sam shames high-priced lawyer, Rita into taking his case pro bono and in turn teaches her the value of love and family. A murder in 1944 draws together the great poets of the beat generation: Allen Ginsberg, Jack Kerouac and William Burroughs. The separation of a long married couple goes awry when they fall for each other again. U.S. Marine Sergeant Logan Thibault returns from his third tour of duty in Iraq, with the one thing he credits with keeping him alive-a photograph he found of a woman he doesn't even know. Learning her name is Beth and where she lives, he shows up at her door, and ends up taking a job at her family-run local kennel. Despite her initial mistrust and the complications in her life, a romance develops between them, giving Logan hope that Beth could be much more than his good luck charm. Lost in the memories of his past, a young man struggles to decide whether or not his withering long-distance relationship is worth the fight. An adaptation of F. Scott Fitzgerald's Long Island-set novel, where Midwesterner Nick Carraway is lured into the lavish world of his neighbor, Jay Gatsby. Soon enough, however, Carraway will see through the cracks of Gatsby's nouveau riche existence, where obsession, madness, and tragedy await. Joe works an office job and is engaged to his lovely fiance Marg. However, sexual passion and adventure are lacking in Joe's life as he is limited to fantasizing about attractive women. Self-expression is also lacking in his life as Joe keeps his lips zipped around his mother-in-law and co-workers. Almost on cue, a compelling and attractive co-worker, Vee, crosses Joe's path, tempting him towards her wild ways of job and partner swapping. Randy's Canvas A spacecraft traveling to a distant colony planet and transporting thousands of people has a malfunction in its sleep chambers. As a result, two passengers are awakened 90 years early. Ross Westmore battles his sexual addictions to save his relationship with the love of his life, Stephanie, and to rescue his life from the destructive path he has chosen. Ross struggles to overcome his demons in a world of temptation, placing him in some compromising situations and forcing him to lead a secret, double life as his alter-ego "Skyler." He attempts to change his ways through counseling, attending Stephanie's bible-study group and supporting her decision to stay a virgin. His efforts waiver and his addiction threatens to ruin his life and expose "Skyler." Ross swears he is going to turn his life around once and for all. He learns life does not always allow for another chance. Melissa and Ben Brenner have been simply going through the motions as a married couple, until the day Ben's world is turned upside down when he serendipitously meets the woman of his dreams, and they both are forced to face their future. In an alternate universe where twinned worlds have opposite gravities, a young man battles interplanetary prejudice and the laws of physics in his quest to reunite with the long-lost girl of his dreams in this visually stunning romantic adventure that poses the question: what if love was stronger than gravity? Full-throttle melodrama about an ill-starred romance set against the backdrop of the siege of Sarajevo. A mother brings her teenage son to Sarajevo, where his father died in the Bosnian conflict years ago. Actor, Comedian, and Social Media Superstar Celeste Barber exposes the stories behind some of her most famous Instagram celebrity parody images, her new relationships with famous people, the pitfalls of being married to someone so much hotter than her, and what it's like to be an Anti-Influencer. Eloise, having been relieved of maid of honor duties after being unceremoniously dumped by the best man via text, decides to attend the wedding anyway - only to find herself seated with five fellow-unwanted guests at the dreaded Table 19. A cop is suspended from the force when he gets too personally involved in solving the murder of a womanizing L.A. songwriter. As the devoutly single Don Johnston is dumped by his latest girlfriend, he receives an anonymous pink letter informing him that he has a son who may be looking for him. Everything Adam knows about love, he learned from the movies. Unfortunately, Adam is no Cary Grant, and the closest he's come to experiencing true romance is one drunken night with his unrequited love, Kate. But that evening failed to live up to Adam's expectations, so he casts himself and Kate in a movie recreation of their one night, hoping for a better ending. It's a total flop, and Adam is forced to cast a new Kate when she no longer wants any part of her part. But re-casting Kate leads to an ending that even Adam never saw coming, in this playful comedy about love, movies, and how our love of movies affects how we love. Big Sur is a film adaptation of the Jack Kerouac autobiographical novel of the same name. Breaking up with Mark Darcy leaves Bridget Jones over 40 and single again. Feeling that she has everything under control, Jones decides to focus on her career as a top news producer. Suddenly, her love life comes back from the dead when she meets a dashing and handsome American named Jack. Things couldn't be better, until Bridget discovers that she is pregnant. Now, the befuddled mom-to-be must figure out if the proud papa is Mark or Jack. Two parents fall in love over the course of a single day while playing hooky from their children's college tour. A summer heat wave and a series of sexual encounters connect a group of New Yorkers. A frustrated radio DJ takes to the streets of Manhattan during the Republican National Convention after the FCC has slapped his station with $1 million in indecency fines, and popular radio personality Joe Pace (Josh Hamilton) isn't going down without a fight. As the streets fill with restless republicans, angry protestors, and other colorful characters, Joe arms himself with a wireless microphone and a portable transmitter in order to get the opinions of the average person on the street. A woman struggles to escape the clutches of her overbearing, co-dependent mother, while gradually falling for a sexy, sophisticated attorney. Amanda, a misfired pistol, has no idea what to make of her life and is determined to avoid finding out. At her cousin Cristina's renegade wedding to her longtime girlfriend at a West Tennessee farmhouse, she finds out she has nowhere left to hide.  --Sarah Ledbetter Romantic comedy about a cinema director who is cheated by his producer and distributor, forcing him to make a low budget movie from a terrible script. Seasoned musician Jackson Maine discovers -- and falls in love with -- struggling artist Ally. She has just about given up on her dream to make it big as a singer -- until Jack coaxes her into the spotlight. But even as Ally's career takes off, the personal side of their relationship is breaking down, as Jack fights an ongoing battle with his own internal demons. Told from the male perspective, the story of a couple trying to reclaim the life and love they once knew and pick up the pieces of a past that may be too far gone. Poni and Mini are identical twins. They look so much alike that even their secret admirers cannot tell them apart and people tend to forget that they are individuals. After thirty years of marriage, a middle-aged couple attends an intense, week-long counseling session to work on their relationship. Young lovers Billy and Sarah journey from L.A. to Texas with plans to make a false claim to the valuable assets left behind by a dead friend. But when their voyage brings them to Tremo, Texas, they find a bizarre and sinister world awaiting them. A former sports star who's fallen on hard times starts coaching his son's soccer team in an attempt to get his life together. The modern-day story focuses on two beautiful young vampires who are living the good nightlife in New York until love enters the picture and each has to make a choice that will jeopardize their immortality. Carl Fredricksen spent his entire life dreaming of exploring the globe and experiencing life to its fullest. But at age 78, life seems to have passed him by, until a twist of fate (and a persistent 8-year old Wilderness Explorer named Russell) gives him a new lease on life. A pair of teenagers in Western Australia looking to escape the monotony of life in a small town take up surfing lessons from a guy named Sando. Ethan Wate just wants to get to know Lena Duchannes better, but unbeknownst to him, Lena has strange powers.  As Lena's 16th birthday approaches she might decide her fate, to be good or evil.  A choice which will impact her relationship forever. Heiress, Joanna Stayton hires carpenter, Dean Proffitt to build a closet on her yacht -- and refuses to pay him for the project when it's done. But after Joanna accidentally falls overboard and loses her memory, Dean sees an opportunity to get even. Julie Wagner has everything today's young woman thinks she wants: a successful husband who adores her, a baby on the way, a close circle of family and friends, and a career as a photographer that is about to take off. So why is she alone in Montauk in the middle of December? During the cold, stark days, Julie throws herself into capturing her artistic vision for an upcoming solo show, yielding works of deep passion and instinct; at night, she restlessly taps away at her computer, plagued by uncertainty about the impending trajectories of her life. When a prickly but brilliant composer-musician knocks on her door with an odd request, Julie ushers in a series of events that will bring her in contact with her buried hopes and fears, and force her to make choices she couldn't have fathomed. At once shocking and wise, In Montauk is a now-familiar story turned inside-out by a main character... Two young, strong-willed Scottish sisters, one a left-wing activist, the other a most-popular-girl-in-school type, take their late father's ashes to Cuba, the site of many family legends of his services to the Revolution. Arriving in Havana, the two women promptly lose the ashes and go through a series of misadventrues - both romantic and dangerous - to try to retrieve them. A colourful and wryly humourous tale of cross-cultural misunderstandings and lost illusions. Following a breakdown and suicide attempt, an aging actor becomes involved with a much younger woman but soon finds that it's difficult to keep pace with her. Estranged twins Maggie and Milo coincidentally cheat death on the same day, prompting them to reunite and confront the reasons their lives went so wrong. As the twins' reunion reinvigorates them, they realize the key to fixing their lives may just lie in repairing their relationship. Barb is a real life "Juno" in South Dakota - a fourteen old high school track star and cheerleader in love with her 15 year old star athlete boyfriend - who allows a single moment of passion to change her forever. Chris is an African American teenager living on the streets of Philadelphia who is pregnant as a result of rape. As each girl wrestles with her pregnancy, the film presents real-life interviews with opposing views about a woman's right to choose... The emotional conclusion of each story leaves audiences with a profoundly new understanding of a woman's right to choose. Palo Alto weaves together three stories of teenage lust, boredom, and self-destruction: shy, sensitive April, torn between an illicit flirtation with her soccer coach and an unrequited crush on sweet stoner Teddy; Emily, who offers sexual favors to any boy to cross her path; and the increasingly dangerous exploits of Teddy and his best friend Fred, whose behavior may or may not be sociopathic.  Challenges of impending parenthood turn the lives of five couples upside down. Two celebrities are unprepared for the surprise demands of pregnancy; hormones wreak havoc on a baby-crazy author, while her husband tries not to be outdone by his father, who's expecting twins with his young trophy wife; a photographer's husband isn't sure about his wife's adoption plans; a one-time hook-up results in a surprise pregnancy for rival food-truck owners. What seems to be a chance encounter one day at a coffee shop leads to a full-fledged romance, but the couple must fight for their relationship to survive the craziness that is show business. A sculptor lends money to a bankrupt man, who agrees to allow his daughter pose for the sculptor's next work. The film caused a scandal in Argentina for the depiction of then 17-year-old Olga Zubarry's naked back. Adaptated from the novel "Fraulein Else" by Arthur Schnitzler. After a zombie becomes involved with the girlfriend of one of his victims, their romance sets in motion a sequence of events that might transform the entire lifeless world. A sex therapist goes through puberty after the successful removal of a benign tumor resting against his pituitary gland. He experiences all the changes and effects of puberty over a three-week period. In a world connected by YouTube, iTunes, and Facebook, Lola and her friends navigate the peer pressures of high school romance and friendship while dodging their sometimes overbearing and confused parents. When Lola's mom, Anne, "accidentally" reads her teenage daughter's racy journal, she realizes just how wide their communication gap has grown. After falling in love in Paris, Marina and Neil come to Oklahoma, where problems arise. Their church's Spanish-born pastor struggles with his faith, while Neil encounters a woman from his childhood. Two top CIA operatives wage an epic battle against one another after they discover they are dating the same woman. Bonnie didn't rush when Joan, her husband Ross' ex, phoned to warn her that she and her daughter, Amanda, were in danger, but when she finally arrives she finds Joan stabbed to death. Bonnie and Ross now must take in Joan's children - Sam, who feels bitterly abandoned by Ross, and his flippant sister. Meanwhile Bonnie and police captain Kessler wonder who murdered Joan, why, and what part Nick, Bonnie's brother, had to play. Nick was recently released from jail and moved back in with their father. Marion and Mingus both come from failed relationships but, by bringing their children together, they've managed to form a small yet happy family. Tensions in their household soon begin to spike when Marion's jovial father shows up on their doorstep with his randy daughter and her peculiar boyfriend in tow. As the motor-mouthed houseguests shatter every taboo imaginable, the happy couple begin to question their commitment. Muhad, a Muslim boy from Afghanistan, attends college in California, where he falls in love with an American journalism student, Victoria. Shortly after, his father suffers a stroke and Muhad must return home to tend to the family farm. As time passes, most of the crops are wiped out by the ongoing drought. Muhad is forced to head North with the rest of the farmers to harvest the poppies. Victoria has settled into her new life as a journalist for a local newspaper in San Francisco. When she follows a lead on a story about the ongoing war on drugs in Afghanistan, she is surprised to find her once innocent, first love is now a major player in the opium poppy trade. Georges and Anne are in their eighties. They are cultivated, retired music teachers. Their daughter, who is also a musician, lives abroad with her family. One day, Anne has a stroke, and the couple's bond of love is severely tested. A look at the mysterious relationship between Victorian art critic John Ruskin and his teenage bride Effie Gray. Happy young married couple Paige and Leo are, well, happy. Then a car accident puts Paige into a life-threatening coma. Upon awakening she has lost the previous five years of memories, including those of her beloved Leo, her wedding, a confusing relationship with her parents, or the ending of her relationship with her ex-fiance. Despite these complications, Leo endeavors to win her heart again and rebuild their marriage. Ville, 25, is a downbeat former child star who's successfully avoided his womanizing rock 'n' roll dad for years. Everything changes when his dad moves into his flat and they both fall in love with the same American line-dancing teacher. Miles Montego has it all - cars, boats, good looks, mansion, money, women, but more importantly, he has a past. Ailidh (Mirren Burke) has two loves in this world: spying on her neighbours and writing graphic novels. The arrival of Jacob (Rollo Weeks - Girl with a Pearl Earring), inspires Ailidh and she soon begins conjuring up increasingly elaborate plans to bump into him. Upstairs, Mrs Nicholls (Sylvia Syms - The Queen) provides Ailidh with a perfect opportunity and she soon has Jacob teaching Mrs Nicholls dead husband French. Unfortunately, Ailidh's romantic endeavours are disrupted when she realises she isn't the only girl in Jacob's life. Featuring compelling performances from an exceptional cast of actors, the debut feature from Bryan O'Neil is a funny, unique and heart-warming story of love, life and moving on. The balance of power in four couples' relationships is upset when the women start using the advice in Steve Harvey's book, Act Like A Lady, Think Like A Man, to get more of what they want from their men. When the men realize that the women have gotten a hold of their relationship "playbook," they decide that the best defense is a good offense and come up with a plan to use this information to their advantage. A divorced man falls in love, but somehow he can't get over his ex-wife. This effects his love life in comic ways. Based on Dan Wakefield's novel. Burt Reynolds is an attractive middle-aged man who suffers a crisis of confidence when ditched by his ambitious singer wife (Candice Bergen), until he begins to forge a new new relationship with an equally insecure teacher (Jill Clayburgh). But when the wife attempts a reconciliation - seduction followed by a truly excruciating song she has composed for him - he realizes where his loyalty lies. A meeting with a struggling actress (Niharika Singh) gives a mild-mannered filmmaker (Nawazuddin Siddiqui) the idea to break away from his controlling brother (Anil George) and direct a feature of his own. In 1975, the first Russian cosmonaut on the Moon is unable to make his way back and is declared missing in space. Since the moment they met at age 5, Rosie and Alex have been best friends, facing the highs and lows of growing up side by side. A fleeting shared moment, one missed opportunity, and the decisions that follow send their lives in completely different directions. As each navigates the complexities of life, love, and everything in between, they always find their way back to each other - but is it just friendship, or something more?  Based on Cecelia Ahern's bestselling novel, LOVE, ROSIE is a heart-warming, modern comedy-of-errors posing the ultimate question: do we really only get one shot at true love? Corey had it all - a successful career, bags of charm and, most of all, a bright future with his boyfriend. But, when his other half commits the ultimate betrayal and dumps him for a woman, he embarks upon a wild journey of self-discovery. Soon, he meets a potentially perfect new guy but first he needs to make some life-changing choices. Desperate to be rid of her toddler, a dissatisfied Beverly Hills housewife hires a stranger to babysit and ends up getting much more than she bargained for. Director Franco Zeffirelli's beloved version of one of the most well-known love stories in the English language. Romeo Montague and Juliet Capulet fall in love against the wishes of their feuding families. Driven by their passion, the young lovers defy their destiny and elope, only to suffer the ultimate tragedy. Twenty-something Alan (Gleeson) is down on his luck. Stood up at the altar and recently fired from his banking job, he finds himself working with his mother as a part-time tourist advisor at Dublin Airport. It's there he comes face to face with first love Alice (Pare), stuck on standby for a flight home to New York. Their summer romance ended eight years previously with Alan promising to return to the US one day. He never did, and they haven't spoken since. Seizing his chance, Alan convinces a reluctant Alice to stay one more night in Dublin. Over the course of an unforgettable evening, they may just realise that they are more compatible than ever. But time is running out on this brief encounter. When does an unexpected second chance, become the one you've always been looking for?  - Written by Wildcard Distribution After returning from a wedding reception, a couple staying in an isolated vacation house receive a knock on the door in the mid-hours of the night. What ensues is a violent invasion by three strangers, their faces hidden behind masks. The couple find themselves in a violent struggle, in which they go beyond what either of them thought capable in order to survive. A writer having trouble finishing a crime story meets a mysterious woman who literally brings his characters to life. Unfortunately, the gangster in his story just wants to be left alone, even if it means killing the writer. Meanwhile the writer and the mysterious woman embark on their own twisting romantic narrative. Ari, the coolest and most handsome guy at his school, is challenged by his friends, The Daks, to find a girlfriend who is definitely not interested in him. Ara, an introverted and smart girl in school, is Ari's target. It turns out that Ara is the daughter of Ari's producer as a DJ. Ari is shocked because all of Ara's views about him. This make him question himself. Azka, Ari's old friend, then moves to Ari's school and close to Ara. Ari, who tries to hide his inner wounds because of his family's condition, also has to try to win Ara's heart. The truth about the betting is finally revealed. The story of an impossible love between a cisgender woman named Fred and a transgender woman named Laurence who reveals her inner desire to become her true self. Raimund Gregorius, having saved a beautiful Portuguese woman from leaping to her death, stumbles upon a mesmerizing book by a Portuguese author, which compels him to suddenly abandon the boring life he has led for years and to embark on an enthralling adventure.  In search of the author, Gregorius acts as detective, pulling together pieces of a puzzle that involves political and emotional intrigue and the highest possible stakes. His voyage is one that transcends time and space, delving into the realms of history, medicine and love, all in search of true meaning to his life. After 29-year-old Adaline recovers from a nearly lethal accident, she inexplicably stops growing older. As the years stretch on and on, Adaline keeps her secret to herself  until she meets a man who changes her life. Rattled by sudden unemployment, a Manhattan couple surveys alternative living options, ultimately deciding to experiment with living on a rural commune where free love rules. An aging comic icon, Jackie Burke, has seen better days. Despite his efforts to reinvent himself and his comic genius, the audience only wants to know him as the former television character he once played. Already a strain on his younger brother and his wife, Jackie is forced to serve out a sentence doing community service for accosting an audience member. While there, he meets Harmony, the daughter of a sleazy Florida real estate mogul, and the two find inspiration in one another, resulting in surprising consequences. New Jersey car mechanic Stacie Andree and her police detective girlfriend Laurel Hester both battle to secure Hester's pension benefits after she was diagnosed with a terminal illness. During the Blitz of World War II, a female screenwriter (Gemma Arterton) works on a film celebrating England's resilience as a way to buoy a weary populace's spirits. Her efforts to dramatise the true story of two sisters (Lily Knight and Francesca Knight) who undertook their own maritime mission to rescue wounded soldiers are met with mixed feelings by a dismissive all-male staff. When the number one junior player in the country is injured, she begins to discover the teenage life she never got to live... and find the love she never thought she'd have. Rock star Jarvis Marshall returns to the village where he grew up when his estranged mother dies. He finds many of his childhood friends, including local Sweet Shop owner Katie Powell have never left. Bianca's universe turns upside down when she learns that her high school refers to her as a 'DUFF' (Designated Ugly Fat Friend). Hoping to erase that label, she enlists the help of a charming jock and her favorite teacher. Together they'll face the school's mean girl and remind everyone that we are all someone's DUFF... and that's totally fine. In 1962 England, a young couple finds their idyllic romance colliding with issues of sexual freedom and societal pressure, leading to an awkward and fateful wedding night. Lisa, a high school sophomore, has been hiding her hopeless crush on Todd, the irresistibly likable junior in her art class. Her life starts to unravel when he asks her to help him get to know the beautiful Ellie, her longtime friend living in England. All the while Cindy, Todd's ruthless ex, resorts to sinister schemes to stop Lisa and Ellie, so she can win him back, and Todd's image-conscious friends try to discourage him from befriending the ordinary-looking Lisa. Writer/director Leah Yananton's modernization of "Dante's Inferno" tells the story of a complex, intelligent and flawed young woman's coming-of-age. Three people from different walks of life find themselves trapped inside a stalled elevator. What at first seems like an inconvenience rapidly escalates into a nightmare. Huang Da is a down on his luck ordinary guy who has desperate for love and tries to propose to a beautiful young cellist. His attempts to propose are complicated by a rich, charming and handsome rival who is determined to win the girl's hand at all costs. Can Huang Da with his heart of gold triumph in love over a man who has everything he does not? Set after the events of Continental Drift, Scrat's epic pursuit of his elusive acorn catapults him outside of Earth, where he accidentally sets off a series of cosmic events that transform and threaten the planet. To save themselves from peril, Manny, Sid, Diego, and the rest of the herd leave their home and embark on a quest full of thrills and spills, highs and lows, laughter and adventure while traveling to exotic new lands and encountering a host of colorful new characters. The Algerian is an international political thriller about the colliding worlds of the Middle East and America. It follows Ali (Ben Youcef) across the world from Algeria to New York, Las Vegas and Los Angeles as it reveals he is a sleeper cell part of an international plot. A single mother in London's Camden Town hears music when she meets a handsome stranger with a past. But she's not sure she's ready to open her heart. Ashley is in his late-twenties, Holly is in her early-twenties. They're both very much lost in their individual quarter-life crises. Ashley quit his job to travel in search of clarity. He ventures to his childhood home with plans of breaking-and-entering for the nostalgic rush. Along the way he meets Holly, who, after a short-lived relationship with her restaurant manager, also finds herself jobless and aimless. The film chronicles Holly and Ashley's brief, odd, hysterical commiseration as grown-up children stumbling through life's final bout of growing pains. Paolo, an Italian tour bus driver living in Paris, has just summoned up the courage to propose marriage to his German girlfriend Greta. However, a chance encounter with a French woman on a bicycle the very next day turns Paolo's life upside down. Patrick's life is paved with broken dreams. The bad luck keeps on coming until a sudden series of accidental, felonious and even magical events change the course of his destiny forever. Now all he has to do is deal with the body. North Carolina 1863, the Civil War is raging. In this inspired story of tragedy and love we follow the lives of Melody, a precocious seven-year old, and her young mother Sarah as they struggle on their farm to survive during the Civil War. Camilla Reilly's elegant life has come undone. Once a fast-track film executive living in a luxurious SoHo loft, she finds herself unemployed, broke, single and suddenly homeless. Just as her cool, steely facade gives way to quiet desperation, she meets Amory, a brash young writer whose deeply personal screenplay she rejected a year earlier. Though Camilla doesn't remember him, "Amo" has never forgotten. Over of the course of the next 24 hours, the two share a sleepless journey through the teeming streets and shadowy scenes of late night Manhattan. From downtown demimonde to uptown refinement, they edge closer to discovering their secret connection, until, ultimately, their whirlwind love story takes a fateful turn. Spider, a young gang leader, gets in over his head when he robs a notorious gangster. On the run, he's taken in by a sheltered young woman and her reclusive uncle, a legendary mobster gunned down by the same gangster now pursuing Spider. Four friends embark on a cross-country journey to Las Vegas in an old RV to stop a wedding and save a friend from losing the love of his life. The story follows what happens when a child psychologist surprises his girlfriend by showing up at her political family's annual get-together at their Sag Harbor vacation home only to find them desperately in need of therapy. Leonardo is a blind teenager dealing with an overprotective mother while trying to live a more independent life. To the disappointment of his best friend, Giovana, he plans to go on an exchange program abroad. When Gabriel, a new student in town, arrives at their classroom, new feelings blossom in Leonardo making him question his plans. A young woman with a mysterious past lands in Southport, North Carolina where her bond with a widower forces her to confront the dark secret that haunts her. Rahul and Riana meet each other for the first time, get drunk, and awake the next morning to find that they have gotten legally married to each other. When a thirty-something couple set aside the home furnishings catalogue and decide to rekindle their relationship, they return to their old neighborhood and end up squatting illegally in their twenty-something lives. She's gone and he knows that he doesn't have much time. His legs are giving out, but they'll last. They'll last long enough to get there, and that's all that matters. It doesn't matter that those creatures will come for his body. At eleven years old Joe Norman is told by his dying father that he is an alien hiding on earth. Joe believes him. He grows up to be a die-hard fan-boy working in a comic shop. When he falls for down-to-earth Maria, a fellow sci-fi fan, he is inspired to lead a more normal social existence. Until intergalactic bounty hunters track Joe down at his new office and the couple soon learn the dangerous truth about who Joe really is. Sutter, a popular party animal unexpectedly meets the introverted Aimee after waking up on a stranger's lawn. As Sutter deals with the problems in his life and Aimee plans for her future beyond school, an unexpected romance blossoms between them. When they say "love is blind" they must have been talking about Amy and Ben. Amy is a beautiful young woman with a mysterious past. Ben is a scruffy slacker, whose only ambition seems to be avoiding growing up. However, Amy sees something in Ben that Ben doesn't see in himself, which gives Ben the confidence to make something of his life. The power of love shows Ben that being a grown-up isn't such a bad thing after all. A New York University professor returns from a rescue mission to the Amazon rainforest with the footage shot by a lost team of documentarians who were making a film about the area's local cannibal tribes. An ambitious Lebanese-American youth is forced to take over his family's gas station after his father's death, in this spirited and often hilarious coming-of-age tale from first-time feature director Rola Nashef. After suffering humiliation by the crew Invincible, street dancer Ash looks to gather the best dancers from around the world for a rematch. A high school romantic dramedy, based on Shakespeare's "Much Ado About Nothing." A man who is trapped in a time loop must work with his brother to prevent a catastrophic fire. Monica Wyatt is a totally '80s teenager on the brink of a bright future when her dreams are destroyed by a car wreck that leaves her in a coma for 19 years. After miraculously awakening at age 38, Monica finds her once-perfect life in shambles and an unrecognizable world around her. As she struggles to fit into a world of Starbucks and cell phones, she attempts to win back the love of her life. In the process, she experiences a true wake-up call. By day, Richard Haig is a successful and well-respected English professor at renowned Trinity College in Cambridge.  By night, Richard indulges his own romantic fantasies with a steady stream of beautiful undergraduates.  But Richard has grown tired of the  game and is looking for something more meaningful and lasting.  So when Kate, Richard's tanned, athletic, 25-year-old American girlfriend tells him that she is pregnant, Richard is thrilled.  He looks forward to having a family of his own,  being a father his children could be proud of, not some sex-fueled bobcat.  There is only one problem.  Richard's not in love with Kate.  Richard is in love with Kate's sister, Olivia. He had been in love with her ever since he first saw her. 31 Dias (31 Days) is the story of Eva (Iran Castillo), a young and beautiful psychologist and author of a series of self-help books about modern women and their love relationships. For her next bestseller she has decided to prove her most daring theory: After the first 30 days together love ends, so the only way to have a meaningful relationship in this new millennium is when the couple part ways after the first month. At a magazine's photo session Eva meets Adam (Lorenzo Balducci), an attractive Italian photographer, and she decides he's perfect as her study subject. She will live a very intense relationship with Adam during 31 days, in order to prove her theory is right. However, what she is not aware of is that Adam is using her own advice from her books in order to make her fall in love with him and teach her a lesson. What neither of them suspects is that they'll come to learn that love has no rules. An overworked insurance adjuster must decide between his job and his passion after he accidentally meets his online love interest. The city of Hartford, Connecticut is a featured character, playing as a backdrop to the story. "Rising Star" explores the age-old conflict between living to work and working to live. The 38-year-old bodybuilder Dennis would really like to find true love. He has never had a girlfriend and lives alone with his mother in a suburb of Copenhagen. When his uncle marries a girl from Thailand, Dennis decides to try his own luck on a trip to Pattaya, as it seems that love is easier to find in Thailand. He knows that his mother would never accept another woman in his life, so he lies and tells her that he is going to Germany. Dennis has never been out traveling before and the hectic Pattaya is a huge cultural shock for him. The intrusive Thai girls give big bruises to Dennis' naive picture of what love should be like, and he is about to lose hope when he unexpectedly meets the Thai woman Toi. The story of a woman who loves her dog more than her husband. And then her husband loses the dog. Directed by Johan Gildemeijer. When an introverted comic book illustrator discovers that the costume of an obscure Eastern European superhero supplies him with the courage to sing Karaoke without fear, he uses his new found voice to woo the bar's cutest waitress, an aspiring singer-songwriter in need of a little magic herself. Will he realize in time, that he can only win her love by learning that the power is not in the suit, but in his heart. An indie romantic comedy filled with quirky characters and even though you may not admit it, reminds you a little of your life. Voss entices local gamers to create a utopia to impress a potential employer, but paradise is disrupted when his nemesis lays claim to the city and Voss's true love. For 27-year-old Ben, life couldn't be better. A well paid job, friends, parties, girls and nothing to tie him down. But when he is invited back to his old school to join several other ex-students including Alex and Jim in talking about their personal achievements, something goes wrong. A mentally-disturbed aspiring actor returning to New York City discovers the world of social media and faces the horrifying power of the Internet. Amanda is a corporate highflier who needs a slacker so she can have a baby and keep her career.  An intimate play evolving around three main characters: an adult woman, her mother and her female lover. Two days in their lives occur in two opposing setting, everyday life in the demanding metropolis of Santiago and a sailboat trip cruising a beautiful bay. The three character remain trapped in a claustrophobic confrontation. The film dialogs with 'Knife in the water' from the side of women, an intense character drama with many involuntary humorous scenes. The eternal, never completed quest of seeing and recognizing the other as they are or, at least, as they want to be seen. On a Black Tar Road between nowhere and somewhere, two misunderstood women find love in between the cracks of hardships. In a tale of failed fatherhood, loss and ultimate redemption, ex-con Donnie Arnett returns home to a life he barely recognizes. While flying a routine reconnaissance mission over Bosnia, fighter pilot Chris Burnett photographs something he wasn't supposed to see and gets shot down behind enemy lines, where he must outrun an army led by a ruthless Serbian general. With time running out and a deadly tracker on his trail, Burnett's commanding officer decides to risk his career and launch a renegade rescue mission to save his life. Based on a true story. . . . In the late 1940s, Martha Beck and Raymond Fernandez were America's notorious "Lonely Hearts Killers." Their lethal scam was simple; they would swindle and then viciously murder lovelorn war widows who would answer their personal ads in which Ray would describe himself as a sexy Latin lover. Set on an island off the coast of New England in the summer of 1965, Moonrise Kingdom tells the story of two twelve-year-olds who fall in love, make a secret pact, and run away together into the wilderness. As various authorities try to hunt them down, a violent storm is brewing off-shore - and the peaceful island community is turned upside down in more ways than anyone can handle. Jesse Sorensen ruled Florida as a pro skateboarder for over a decade. He had it all - a lucrative skateboarding contract, girls, fame and an extravagant lifestyle. Now six years later, past his prime and his usefulness in this youth-driven culture, Jesse is dropped by his skate team. Broke, he moves in with his elderly grandmother only to discover his 17-year old niece, Samantha, crashing there as well. She is following the same slippery slope Jesse once paved, with the hottest new skater in town. Jesse must confront what he has spent his entire life avoiding - responsibility - and figure out his future once and for all. Three generations of a French family open up about their sexual experiences and desires after young Romain is caught masturbating in his biology class. Al Roberts, a New York nightclub pianist, hitch-hikes to Hollywood to meet his girlfriend Sue. The gambler he's riding with, Charles, unexpectedly dies. Afraid the police wouldn't believe the truth, Al takes the man's identity. In a gas station, he gives a lift to Vera, a woman that knew Charles and blackmails Al with tragic consequences. A look at the relationship between Marie Antoinette and one of her readers during the final days of the French Revolution. During the last two years of her life, Princess Diana (Naomi Watts) campaigns against the use of land mines and has a secret love affair with a Pakistani heart surgeon (Naveen Andrews). Set in Inner Mongolia, a physical setback causes a young woman to choose a suitor who can take care of her, as well as her disabled husband. JJ is a 'Stud' Lesbian. Together with her best friend Seb, a gay pretty boy, they work as wedding photographers. When JJ falls in love with a beautiful diva, JJ and Seb's friendship is tested. JJ is forced to chose between her hot new lover and her best friend. Feeling pressured to become more sexually experienced before she goes to college, Brandy Klark makes a list of things to accomplish before hitting campus in the fall. Pete and Debbie are both about to turn 40, their kids hate each other, both of their businesses are failing, they're on the verge of losing their house, and their relationship is threatening to fall apart. Dave, a high school senior, spends most of his time pining away over a girl he can't have. Aubrey, a junior with artistic aspirations, has a hot boyfriend who doesn't quite understand her or seem to care. Although they go to different schools, Dave and Aubrey find themselves at the same party. When both head outside to get some air, they meet. A casual conversation sparks an instant connection, and, over the course of a weekend, things turn magical, romantic, complicated, and funny as Aubrey and Dave discover what it's like to fall in love for the first time. An offbeat romantic comedy about a silver-painted street performer and the soft spoken zoo worker who falls for him. Sam is a former college football star whose chance to play in the NFL abruptly ends with a blown out knee. Seven years later, he finds himself alone, working a minimum wage job and weighing a deadly 413lbs. The time has come for some change! The time has come for some weight loss! Enter Cassie, a personal trainer who not only helps him lose weight but find love. Steering clear of the standard transformation formula seen on many current television shows such as, "Biggest Loser," Sam finds acceptance - and love - in unexpected places. Heart broken British Techno Pop Diva and Academy nominated actress, Syriana Tate, is taken for the interview of her life. After an ex-ballet dancer's life is turned upside down after receiving devastating news, a chance encounter with a charismatic dancer marks the start to a fragile friendship that might turn into something more profound. Simbu and Varu Sarath Kumar star in this romantic comedy about a couple who find love by surprise.Though uniquely different from one another in terms of their upbringing, dressing and thinking, they both make sacrifices to be and stay together. Amy, an attractive woman, confuses love with money and becomes a victim of the materialistic lifestyle of South Beach. Her relationship with Nick, a down-to-earth, young architect is great, but Amy has dreams that he can't fulfill and afford. In her search for glamour and a dancing career, Amy meets Sam, an older, married man. Even though Sam provides her with the luxurious lifestyle, she begins to feel a void for love and attention. Unwilling to let go of Sam's financial support, Amy becomes involved in another relationship with Robert, who grows suspicious.  Amy soon discovers that life in South Beach, not everything is as good as it looks. Inspired by a true story, 'Transatlantic Coffee' is a tale of boy meets girl, boy falls in love with girl ...only the boy is a 41 year old clown, the girl, a teenage stripper from London. Alex is battling bleak circumstances within his version of a hostile world. However, his outlook evolves with the emergence of the young, sharp and adventurous, Mandie. The oddball duo embrace each other for who they are, until Alex's secret trauma bubbles to the surface, leaving for a climax that should not be missed. Nate, a 19 year old film student, and Margaret, a 52 year old spinster, are best friends in an odd, quirky, totally working kind of way... until Nate's audacious classmate Darla sets him up on a date with James. Nate's new life shakes apart his friendship with Margaret, just as she is trying to start a career as a stand-up comedian. Written by Anonymous (IMDB.com). Despite his best intentions, billionaire Jason Stevens can't find enough time to keep his beloved Alexia a priority. But when he discovers his late grandfather's journal, he is transported back to Red Stevens' incredible world. With everything he loves hanging in the balance, Jason Stevens hopes the past will prepare him well for the future. Trapped in a loveless marriage, aristocrat Anna Karenina enters into a life-changing affair with the affluent Count Vronsky. A widowed teacher from Los Angeles is recruited to a small Appalachian college and falls in love with a deeply religious local woman. The unlikely love is torn apart by one's commitment to faith and the other's devotion to reason. The film revolves around, Norman, a world-weary manager of a pier theatre in a seaside resort. Norman has worked in the theatre for all of his life, but will not accept that the local council, which own the theatre are planning to install more commercial management in an attempt to boost audience numbers. As the story unfolds he realises it may be time to move on and put behind him the ghost of 50s & 60s singer Alma Cogan, who performed at the theatre many years ago. Sandra, his devoted long-suffering assistant and Norman decide to leave the theatre to fulfill her dream of being a professional singer and unexpectedly enjoying a late blossoming romance. From Wikipedia. A young boy and his sister are drawn into one man's obsessive pursuit of his former lover. In the not so distant future, Theodore, a lonely writer purchases a newly developed operating system designed to meet the user's every needs. To Theodore's surprise, a romantic relationship develops between him and his operating system. This unconventional love story blends science fiction and romance in a sweet tale that explores the nature of love and the ways that technology isolates and connects us all. Best pals Jason and Daniel indulge in casual flings and revel in their carefree, unattached lives. After learning that the marriage of their friend Mikey is over, they gladly welcome him back into their circle. The three young men make a pact to have fun and avoid commitment. However, when all three find themselves involved in serious relationships, they must keep their romances secret from one another. Fifteen-year-old Camilla Dickinson leads a sheltered life in New York City until her parents' marriage begins to fall apart. Emily arrives in Miami with aspirations to become a professional dancer. She sparks with Sean, the leader of a dance crew whose neighborhood is threatened by Emily's father's development plans. When a struggling publisher discovers his only successful author is blocked he knows he has to unblock her or he's finished. With her newfound success, she's become too damn happy and she can't write when she's happy.The only trouble is, the worse he makes her feel, the more he realises he's in love with her. An epic tale of Poles, Ukrainians, Jews who are deported to Russia. Their fate is shown from the perspective of a young boy Staszek, who goes to Siberia with his family and neighbors from a small village in the eastern Polish borderlands. Together with his companions he starts hard struggle for survival, where the most fearsome opponent turns out to be terrible, merciless nature... Circumstances force the boy to reevaluate his life and grow up faster. Soon he will have to learn the essential struggle for survival and make decisions that will where rate will be life of his relatives. He will also have to choose between love for the Jewish Zinnia and the Russian Luybka. Following two fatal aircraft accidents aboard an Aircraft Carrier, a government agent is placed aboard the ship. His mission is to determine what may be at the root of these mishaps and prevent the inevitable third chain breaking accident which abruptly changes course when a sailor reports seeing one of the top ranking fighter pilots in a gay club. The aviator and three of his squadron mates and their spouses all become the subject of a deadly modern day witch hunt entangling them in a web of jealousy and deceit which tests their concept of love, friendship and honor and changes their lives forever. Straitlaced Princeton University admissions officer, Portia Nathan is caught off-guard when she makes a recruiting visit to an alternative high school overseen by her former college classmate, the freewheeling John Pressman. Pressman has surmised that Jeremiah, his gifted yet very unconventional student, might well be the son that Portia secretly gave up for adoption many years ago. A group of fugitives end up killing an international businessman Casanovva's girlfriend, after entrapping the couple in a reality show. Furious, Casanovva sets out to avenge her death. Lake is in a straight relationship with Desiree but finds himself becoming attracted to men at the pool. When he cannot control his desires any longer, he starts working at an adult home and begins a relationship with a much, much older man. Pablo is being pursued by what seems like a mob of fans. However, the truth soon emerges that his assailants are actually the cast of characters from his books who are angry that he won't continue to write their lives.  When Laura, a former student, turns up on Pablo's doorstep soon after with plans for romance, the two fall into a passionate love affair. But when she starts showing signs of paranoia, Pablo questions whether she may in fact be one of his literary creations. Young writer Sam has a crush on Birdie, the cute and quirky barista at his local coffee shop. When his conventional attempts to woo her crash and burn, he takes his efforts online, creating an Internet profile embellished with all of the details that would make him Birdie's dream guy. When the harebrained scheme is a surprise success and Birdie falls for his exaggerated alter ego, Sam must keep up the act or lose his dream girl forever. Young Atsuko Kagami comes into possession of a magical mirror that lets her transform into anything she wishes. Atsuko Kagami then attempts to save a company which is about to be sold by using her transformation abilities. She also falls in love as a 22-year-old college student. A young woman, struggling with agoraphobia, hasn't left her New York apartment or seen anyone in over a year. However, when her toilet overflows she is forced to call in the plumber. After being betrayed by a man in college, Jung - hee, who lived as a single man in distrust of men 's love to be 30 years old, marries in the serious courtship of his obstetrician, Jeong - tae, in his forties who is eight years old. However, she becomes dissatisfied with her husband 's sex life and becomes affair with her husband' s junkyu. Jeonghee, who has been suffering from guilty conscience, makes a shocking statement that he has brought in Jun Kyu for his sexual satisfaction. Jeonghee hides his hatred for her husband and vengeance for all men, and Jeongtae, who is looking for Jeonghee, becomes a vegetable by traffic accident. Junyu defends Jun-tae, but in desperate condition Jung-hee runs a dangerous game and eventually dies. This intimate drama follows Rebecca, a woman who has kept her sexuality a secret from her friends but chooses to reveal it to a stranger. While Rebecca's revelations may not yield the results she expects, a perfect ending is still in reach. A man and woman meet and try to have a romantic affair, despite their personal problems and the interference of their disapproving friends. The story of a family whose growth is stunted... a family that learns how to love themselves while loving each other (a little too much). Muhlach plays the role of Umboy, a notary public attorney who earns a living by notarizing important documents and other papers, while Velasquez on the other hand plays the role of Berns, a professional documents fixer. Every time Berns needs the help of a notary public, she goes to Umboy to "legalized" everything. This "legalization" process of documents was somehow Umboy does not agree with Berns. Their different ideology and principles in life have created a cat-and-dog fight situation between the two. But what's supposed to be a misunderstanding between the two of them will likely to create a blossoming relationship. Bound with their principles in life, how do you think the two will end up together -- to the dark side where both of them will be living a dishonest life where they fix documents illegally or to the light side where everything else is in correct and honest manner? A pair of star-crossed dancers in New York find themselves at the center of a bitter rivalry between their brothers' underground dance clubs. A young Vietnamese American teenager dreams of breaking free from her oppressive household to pursue her personal desires and forbidden love. Balancing life on the edge of two opposite worlds, will Viette ever follow her heart, or will the consequences be too overwhelming? A doctor hires an escort to seduce her husband, whom she suspects of cheating, though unforeseen events put the family in danger. Loosely based on the Charles Dickens' classic novel, "Great Expectations" is a sensual tale of a young man's unforgettable passage into manhood, and the three individuals who will undeniably change his life forever. Through the surprising interactions of these vivid characters, "Great Expectations" takes a unique and contemporary look at life's great coincidences. The re-imagining of VE Day in 1945, when Princess Elizabeth and her sister, Margaret were allowed out from Buckingham Palace for the night to join in the celebrations, and encounter romance and danger. Hangzhou, Zhejiang province, China, the present day. Master chef Tang Shizhe (Kenneth Tsang) tells his two daughters, the careerist Wa'er (Huo Siyan) and teenage Xiaolan (Jiang Mengjie), that he has decided to sell his upscale vegetarian restaurant, the centre of his life for 30 years. The film centres on a retired, widowed professor  living in Paris who develops a special relationship with a younger French woman. The careers of D.W. Griffith, Mary Pickford, Douglas Fairbanks, and Charlie Chaplin are chronicled culminating in the formation of United Artists and 1919. A widow falls for a guy who bears a striking resemblance to her late husband. The Words follows young writer Rory Jansen who finally achieves long sought after literary success after publishing the next great American novel. There's only one catch - he didn't write it. As the past comes back to haunt him and his literary star continues to rise, Jansen is forced to confront the steep price that must be paid for stealing another man's work, and for placing ambition and success above life's most fundamental three words. Carla and Bruno believe they have answers for everything until Rai appears in their lives, an  attractive and mysterious young who lives outside the rules. In this story about love and friendship, boundaries dissolve by the rhythm of funky and break to offer a provocative, exciting and deeply touching vision about romantic relationships. romantic comedy that tells the tale of Nani, a bubbly 21-year old girl, and her unique pet turtle, Nico. Nico is one of the rare Green Crown Sea Turtle species... but more importantly, Nico has the ability to talk to humans... if he so chooses to do so. Nani has recently moved in with her brother, Amir, ans seems to be falling for their budding musician neighbor, Adam. Disturbed by any budding romance, Nico dos everything possible to sabotage Adam's efforts to woo Nani. Aspiring actress Amelia begins her 25th birthday by breaking up with her boyfriend, and things only go downhill from there. After visiting a dubious psychic for advice, Amelia sets off on a bizarre adventure to find money for rent and possibly love. Robert asks Jenny, a girl he found on Craigslist, to be his new roommate. Now after a year of living together, he finds himself falling in love with her, but his ability to keep afloat in San Francisco is coming to an end. With a lame job and not enough income, he has no choice but to move back with his parents in Rochester, NY. With only three days until his flight home, Robert struggles to tell Jenny his true feelings and to determine what direction his life is headed. Amanda believes men are too complicated and has lost faith finding the perfect one. Her friend and a psychoanalyst have a plan how to make her fall in love. Three childhood friends meet again many years later, a woman and two men. A triangle. In one corner, sex, in another, love, and in the middle ... the protagonist in a mess. Romantic and sentimental comedy about sex, love and its many complicated combinations. For five men, the opportunity to share a penthouse in the city -- in which to carry on extramarital affairs -- is a dream come true, until the dead body of an unknown woman turns up. Realizing that her killer must be one of their group, the men are gripped by paranoia as each one suspects another. Friendships are tested, loyalties are questioned, and marriages crumble while fear and suspicion run rampant. 1909, a detachment of the Mexican army commanded by Captain Allende moves to Clipperton, also called the Island of the Passion, in the Pacific. After the outbreak of the revolution, the island becomes administered by the government of France, events that in principle go unnoticed by the islanders. When Englishman Jonathan Harker visits the exotic castle of Count Dracula, he is entranced by the mysterious aristocrat. But upon learning that the count has sinister designs on his wife, Mina, Harker seeks help from vampire slayer Van Helsing. Oliver Hayes, an aspiring animator whose confidence is at a low point, meets the captivating and impulsive Lily Blush, who encourages him to drop everything and go with her to Northern California in the hopes of fulfilling his fantasy of working for Pixar Animation Studios. As they travel up the coast, Oliver falls deeply in love but upon making certain startling discoveries he must decide if he wants to face reality or stay in dreamworld. Set in a world where homosexuality is the norm, a small Indiana town is rocked to its core when Jude, the star quarterback of the local university football team, strikes up a love affair with Ryan, a sports journalism major. When the straight couple is outed, the community's powerful religious leader begins a vitriolic crusade against all heterosexuals. Venereal disease forces a confirmed bachelor to take stock of his history of one night stands. Li Qin leaves her temperamental husband and unknowingly provides a trail for a detective who has been, for months, secretly devoted to her. In the wake of their one-way chase, a Chinese businessman wanders around town; two magicians attempt to overcome a crisis, and a waitress is desperate for stability. Some will find what they are looking for, some will find each other, and some simply will not. An acerbic comedian becomes romantically entangled with her ex, his new girlfriend, and another guest during a weekend getaway. Before leaving for college, a recently dumped goth girl's life changes forever when she falls in love with a smart and professional college grad who is staying in the family's guest house. Four tales unfold in the Eternal City: While vacationing in Rome, architect John encounters a young man whose romantic woes remind him of a painful incident from his own youth; retired opera director Jerry discovers a mortician with an amazing voice, and he seizes the opportunity to rejuvenate his own flagging career; a young couple have separate romantic interludes; a spotlight shines on an ordinary man. Elspeth Dickens dreams of finding her "voice" despite being stuck in an isolated farmhouse with her twin toddlers. A web-cam becomes her pathway to fame and fortune, but at a price. Tom, Rahul and Bhavesh meet Seeta in their youth, then each falls in love with her in adulthood. The three friends try to woo her, but she does not believe in love and ignores their advances. Three magazine employees head out on an assignment to interview a guy who placed a classified ad seeking a companion for time travel. After a mysterious, beautiful Latin woman named Miranda makes a dramatic appearance at the funeral of a man, shocking his affluent Southern California family, Victor, the man's son, heads to Mexico to find out the truth about the nature of her relationship with his dead father. He finds Miranda in the city of Guanajuato living with another man, Tobias. When Victor confronts Miranda, she denies meeting his father and says they will never hear from her again. If Miranda is telling the truth, what exactly was she doing at Victor's father's funeral? Who is the man that she is living with now? Their confrontation is the beginning of a chain of events where the protagonists will have to solve the dilemma that happens when true love comes twice at the same time. "We Were There" follows the 10 year romance between Motoharu Yano (Toma Ikuta) & Nanami Takahashi (Yuriko Yoshitaka). During their high school days, Motoharu Yano was the most popular boy in school, but can't get over the death of his girlfriend from a car crash. Nanami Takahashi falls in love with Motoharu Yano and must deal with his inability to let go of the past. An adaptation of the eponymous song by Renato Russo, a famous Brazilian singer and composer who in the style of Bob Dylan knew how to delight crowds by telling stories and singing with his lyrics. Focusing on the love story of outlaw Joao do Santo Cristo with Architecture major student Maria Lucia, the movie takes place in Brasilia in the early 80s. In a clash of interest, drug dealers and the police conflict with one another,while the end of the military dictatorship in the Capital of Brazil, Brasilia takes place. The wanderings and tedium of a young rocker, who lived in a city still being built, are the backdrop for this story. Newly single, 35, and uninspired by his job, Jesse Fisher worries that his best days are behind him. But no matter how much he buries his head in a book, life keeps pulling Jesse back. When his favorite college professor invites him to campus to speak at his retirement dinner, Jesse jumps at the chance. He is prepared for the nostalgia of the dining halls and dorm rooms, the parties and poetry seminars; what he doesn't see coming is Zibby - a beautiful, precocious, classical-music-loving sophomore. Zibby awakens scary, exciting, long-dormant feelings of possibility and connection that Jesse thought he had buried forever. Sacha is a real seducer, a man with no ties or emotional or professional. Charlotte is a modern and independent woman, but barely has time to care for their three children. While Sacha and Charlotte are, at first glance, two incompatible beings, when they meet soon discover that they are quite complementary and need each other. An ex footballer embroiled in a scandal returns hometown clear his name and reignite an old flame The documentarial work on world wide famous flamenco dancer Sara Barba's latest show "voices" A recent college graduate sets out to win back the girl of his dreams. A couple endures a series of mishaps right before their wedding day. A charming, suicidal druggie must obey his rehab-clinic's demand to lead a seniors men's group or face incarceration and lose the love of his psychiatrist's daughter. Two guys who make a pact to lose their virginity before prom find their friendship tested when one of them comes out of the closet. After losing her boyfriend, Moni decides to focus on her thesis, which consists on chocolate pastry-making. When she starts seeing other guys, the ghostly figure of her abusive boyfriend Javi appears, provoking funny situations since Moni is the only one who sees him. Henry is a loner and a night owl. His rare skin disease has kept him under the close watch of his fiery mother, who has sheltered him his entire life. One night, a young woman's car breaks down and Henry's life will change forever. When Chelsea meets up with her estranged childhood best friend, Milla, she's unprepared for the events that follow. Milla, who is now a webcam girl briefly catches Chelsea on camera during one of her shows. Unbeknownst to her, Chelsea has now been exposed to a watcher who becomes obsessed and will stop at nothing to have her to himself. Businessman Wesley Deeds is jolted out of his scripted life when he meets Lindsey, a single mother who works on the cleaning crew in his office building. Alice, an obsessed Woody Allen fan, meets Pierre in a night-club and falls in love with him. But when Pierre sees Alice's sister Helene, things start to get complicated. The movie focuses on Kristine, an art historian. Kristine's personal life take a dramatic twist when the whole family is gathering together and the secrets of the past are being revealed at her gracious mansion in the French countryside. Fishing Naked is a comedy. It is a film about four young adults being bad in the woods. They pull Bigfoot hoaxes, scare tourists, disrespect their elders, hook up and smoke dope. That is until they realize there is an alien creature they have inadvertently put in harms way with all the attention they have been attracting to their rural mountain community. As their relationships fray, they hatch a half-baked plot to pull the biggest hoax yet to right their wrongs by deliberately getting caught in the act. In his youth Shaun Micallef almost joined the priesthood. Now he wonders if he may have missed his one shot at the answers to life's big questions. Heading to India, a country where spirituality and the search for meaning is very much a national past time, he immerses himself in the Hindu world of Gods, Gurus and the Ganges. In a bid to get to the heart of the faith, Shaun pushes well beyond his comfort zone on a physical, mental and spiritual adventure. He journeys to the source of the Ganges high in the Himalayas - all the while offering his own unique observations on his quest to find the meaning of life. Paul Mawhinney was born and raised in Pittsburgh, PA. Over the years he has amassed what has become the world's largest record collection. Due to health issues and a struggling record industry Paul is being forced to sell his collection.  ---  A brief look at the world's largest vinyl record collection and the current state of the American record industry. In the cut-throat London film industry a vivacious actress chasing her big break struggles to maintain her integrity in the face of the director's advances. An American girl on holiday in the English countryside with her family finds herself in hiding and fighting for her survival as war breaks out. A random group of people wake up on an Island where they are being hunted down in a sinister plot to harvest their organs. A romantic thriller set during the armed robbery of one of London's most exclusive jewellers. Sometimes funny, often dark, always captivating and never what you expect. The pop band Slavabody Disco Disco Boys, a fever among girls from all over Brazil, announces that it will play in Rio de Janeiro. Gabi, Manu and Ritinha will do everything they can to watch the show far from the city where they live. A sixties psychedelic counterculture clash occurs during the "Summer of Love" when an aspiring hippie from New York dupes the son of a Swedish dairy farmer into smuggling illegal margarine into butter-rich Wisconsin The story of Julian Suarez, 29 going on 30, who loves women so much he can't have just one. Three in particular have caught his eye at the moment, Genny, voluptuous, rambunctious, romantic; Ingrid, posh, daring, sophisticated, and Maria, artful, salsa dancer, and it seems Mr. Suave might have just met his match with this Maria... makes him wonder when is it really the right time to settle down? A successful film composer falls in love when he travels to India to work on a Bollywood retelling of Romeo and Juliet. Three friends are asked to be bridesmaids at a wedding of a woman they used to ridicule back in high school. A young American architect comes to work to China  on his thesis and accidentally poisoned himself while taking a hike on the mountain.  However, he is miraculously saved and returned to the village by an unknown person.  When he awakes, he doesn't know what happened or who saved him. This turn into a obsession  to find his savior When Anna Thompson gets mixed-up in a convenience store robbery, she makes a split-decision to walk out of her life and into the unknown. On her travels, she meets Travis, a teenage drifter on his own journey of self-discovery. Rookie detective Jack Wall is up against insurmountable odds as he attempts to solve his first case with a mysterious crime lord against him. Finding the true love of his life only to have her taken away is just the beginning of his transformation into Payback Jack. To the amusement of their adult children and friends, long divorced couple Don and Ellie Griffin are once again forced to play the happy couple for the sake of their adopted son's wedding after his ultra conservative biological mother unexpectedly decides to fly halfway across the world to attend. With all of the wedding guests looking on, the Griffins are hilariously forced to confront their past, present and future - and hopefully avoid killing each other in the process. Two New York City girls make a pact to lose their virginity during their first summer out of high school. When they both fall for the same street artist, the friends find their connection tested for the first time. A romantic comedy that brings together three disparate characters who are learning to face a challenging and often confusing world as they struggle together against a common demon: sex addiction. Algeria, the 1930s. Younes is nine years old when he is put in his uncle's care in Oran. Rebaptized Jonas, he grows up among the Rio Salado youths, with whom he becomes friends. Emilie is one of the gang; everyone is in love with her. A great love story develops between Jonas and Emilie, which is soon unsettled by the conflicts troubling the country. A sociological study of two men in the Israeli army who are lovers. The others in the unit react to their situation, suspecting, but not always understanding. One will leave the military soon, a few months away, as a snowy and desolate outpost is guarded from attack. Steven, a pupil in a special-needs class, learns that his school has won a trip to Alcabideche, Portugal. He is overjoyed to get the chance to finally see his homeland. Once there, he decides to conduct his own holidays... A couple confronts the true meaning of love, sex, and honesty. A feature film about an unusual trio: DANIEL, a German photo-journalist in Istanbul without much knowledge about Middle Eastern values. CAN, a flamboyant, out and proud male belly dancer with lots of love and support from his family, and AHMET born to an eastern and conservative family whose quest for honesty and liberty results in a tragic end. ZENNE Dancer is inspired by true stories. A young playboy who learns he has one month until he becomes infertile sets out to procreate as much as possible. Tomas and Sofia have been married for five years. He works as a cartoonist in the local newspaper. She works in a hotel. Tomas dreams of being an artist. But he lacks the inner strength to achieve it. Raul, his best friend and his "Guardian Angel" insists on the highest quality of his paintings. But when everything seems to be happening, Tomas enters in an emotional crisis that keeps him increasingly apart from Sofia into a point that she does not recognize him anymore. Sofia begins to lose her mental sanity. She starts living in an unwanted isolation. In her dormant mental state, she begins to feel bad about what she discovers inside of her...She feels something evil coming closer and closer to her. Sofia realizes that her life became something that now she can not control anymore. Two parallel stories about two persons that look for each other but simultaneously fear one another. Only life as itself The story of Michael Oher, a homeless and traumatized boy who became an All American football player and first round NFL draft pick with the help of a caring woman and her family When Leslie gets fed up with her prudish roommate, Hannah, she challenges her to the bet of a lifetime: Hannah must sleep with ten guys while Leslie does the unthinkable and "re-virginizes".  An anonymous advice columnist finds herself caught in an unlikely romance with the man who has been hired to kill her alter ego. Jaci van Jaarsveld will do everything in her power to stop the advertising company where she works to be taken over by a ruthless businessman known as 'The Jackal'. Her only hope for a big contract to save their company is a wine estate that markets wines to international markets. Easier said than done, especially if the winegrower requires the person to promote his wine to be in an established relationship. In desperation Jaci decided to hire a model pretending to be her fiance. She took the first attractive man walking through their offices send by the modeling agency. Everything seems to be going smooth with the meeting with the winegrower until he invites Jaci and her fiance to visit the winery for the weekend and to compete against their opposition for the contract. And who is the opposition? Jaci's ex-fiance, Mark Rossouw. Just when Jaci think she's in full control she realized that her 'fiance', JP, is the very 'Jackal' who tried to sink their company. A British crime film directed by Guy Newall. A girl dying of leukemia compiles a list of things she'd like to do before passing away. Topping the list is her desire to lose her virginity. On a flight home to Chicago for a family wedding, childhood friends Josh and Molly innocently agree to fake a wedding engagement to make Josh's dying father happy. Things quickly get out of hand with their two boisterous families, and a series of events causes them to pretend to be a couple and start planning a phony wedding. When the playacting begins to foster real feelings, the two must make some serious decisions: Split up and return to their lives in LA, or make a life as a couple back in Chicago? Haunted by a tragic past, a stunning music student flees her homeland and ends up in an estranged marriage in Los Angeles, where her piano teacher's lover  sparks a passion in her that threatens to destroy everything. After his new bride dumps him at their wedding reception, a heartbroken actor winds up in the mountains, where he meets and falls in love with a widowed fan. 'The only thing that will stop you from fulfilling your dreams is you" People have dreams, but not all of us have the guts to put faith in ourselves. Most of us lose focus and give up. We are most afraid to believe in our own dreams. Those who do are the true winners. This slice of life film is set in the backdrop of our capital city- Delhi. It's the late 1950s, and in an affluent and quietly respectable part of Buenos Aires, young Sulamit Lowenstein strikes up a friendship with her next-door neighbour Friedrich over the whereabouts of her family dog. She is the daughter of German-Jewish immigrants to Argentina, he is the son of a senior SS officer, a tragic political legacy from whose shadow both characters struggle to escape over the next three decades. Following the teenaged Friedrich to Germany, Sulamit finds him caught up in the radical politics of late-1960s student life; and she's forced to make important decisions about her attitude to her homeland when Friedrich returns to Argentina to join the fight against the military junta. A corporate risk-management consultant must determine whether or not to terminate an artificial being's life that was made in a laboratory environment. A broken family finds their relationships to one another changed by a new arrival in the household. 1921 New York. An immigrant woman is tricked into a life of burlesque and vaudeville until a dazzling magician tries to save her and reunite her with her sister who is being held in the confines of Ellis Island. New Yorkers on the cusp of thirty strive to balance their fading dreams with the growing responsibilities of life, love, and career. Joey Boca is the owner of a pizza parlor located in Tacoma, Washington, and has been married to Rosalie for years. Rosalie is horrified to discover that Joey is a womanizer and has been cheating on her for a long time. Based on the true story of Frances and Anthony Toto. What happens when a 30-something woman allows life's "what ifs" to overwhelm her appreciation for what life actually is. Disregarding her current obligations, she digs into her romantic past in hopes of invigorating her present. A dark, twisted retelling of "Dante's Inferno," done in the torture-porn style of "Hostel" and "High Tension." To escape her abusive foster home, headstrong 18-year-old Danielle Hitches a Ride with an affable psycho who calls himself Virgil and has an axe to grind against women based on his warped religious beliefs. She realizes she hasn't quite found her knight in shining armor when she awakens half-naked, chained to a post in Virgil's basement. As Virgil, puts Danielle through a sadistic "moral cleansing" of debauched torture sessions that could kill her at any moment, she must choose either to fight back or to become as inhuman and deranged as Virgil himself. What Virgil doesn't know is that Danielle may be more than up to the challenge of his psychotic head games. A chauffeur kidnaps his rich boss's dog to hold it for ransom, but when she accidentally gets the dog back, she thinks that it's the chauffeur who's been kidnapped. When Jay and Annie first got together, their romantic connection was intense - but ten years and two kids later, the flame of their love needs a spark.  To kick things up a notch, they decide - why not? - to make a video of themselves trying out every position in The Joy of Sex in one marathon three-hour session.  It seems like a great idea - until they discover that their most private video is no longer private.  With their reputations on the line, they know they're just one click away from being laid bare to the world... but as their race to reclaim their video leads to a night they'll never forget, they'll find that their video will expose even more than they bargained for. Beautiful vampire Djuna tries to resist the advances of the handsome, human screenwriter Paolo, but eventually gives in to their passion. When her seductive and highly volatile sister Mimi unexpectedly comes to visit, she threatens Djuna's new relationship, and the whole vampire community becomes endangered. Devdas (Saigal/Barua), son of a zamindar, and Parvati (aka Paro)(Jamuna), his poor neighbour's daughter, are childhood sweethearts. Status and caste differences prevent their marriage and Devdas is sent to Calcutta while Paro is married off to an aged but rich widower. In Calcutta the hero meets the prostitute Chandramukhi (Rajkumari/Chandrabati Devi) but remorse drives him to alcohol and (after a long train journey in which he attempts to run away from himself) he comes to die in front of his true love's house. The Hindi version. The tragic struggle of an undocumented Latino family in Los Angeles after they have sent their eldest son to war. After breaking up with her boyfriend, a bookstore manager resists a seemingly perfect guy's attempts to woo her. Terrified at the prospect of losing his seriously ill wife, a man plans a bank robbery to pay for her medical treatments with help from his eccentric friends - while his son, a cop, tries to stop him. A Puerto Rican salon employee is forced to confront her own erotic desires when she becomes obsessed with the violent sexual tendencies of her new neighbors. John - conscientious and romantic - and Michael - thoughtless and unfaithful - are surgeons at their father's private hospital. John felt madly in love with Priscilla, a wonderful nurse. But he is betrayed by Michael who decides to marry her. Shattered by his loss, John moves to Canada. But Michael's new project to dedicate the clinic to plastic surgery leads them to bankruptcy, forcing John to come back in the hope of saving the clinic... Depressed single mom Adele and her son Henry offer a wounded, fearsome man a ride. As police search town for the escaped convict, the mother and son gradually learn his true story as their options become increasingly limited. From Director Brandon Ho &amp; Writer Joseph Reidhead comes the Romantic Comedy "Missed Connections" a story about love, identity, the universe, and well, sandwiches.  Marc Reid (Kevin O'Keefe), a discouraged romance novelist, is setup on a blind date with girl named Melissa by his over excited sister Julia (Sarah Kent). Marc, a little less than enthusiastic, ends up picking up Jessie (Tatum Langton) instead of Melissa from the apartment complex. As the night unfolds Jessie and Marc meet up with old friends Gary (Bryce Chamberlain) and Mary (Renny Grames) and make a couple of new friends along the way.  Things are complicated by Jessie's boyfriend Trent (Lawrence Fernandez). But will Jessie and Marc be able to find love? Can Jessie help Marc rediscover romance and his passion of writing or are they cursed to simply be another missed connection? Story of a neglected teen with mild Asperger's syndrome whose life is changed forever when tragedy hits his family A manic-depressive mess of a father tries to win back his wife by attempting to take full responsibility of their two young, spirited daughters, who don't make the overwhelming task any easier. An FBI agent and an Interpol detective track a team of illusionists who pull off bank heists during their performances and reward their audiences with the money. An American journalist travels to India to cover Bollywood weddings, only to uncover a mosaic of cultural clashes, transgender tangles and lost loves with her travels culminating at a destination where the only journey is the one within. A hitman for the Sicilian Mafia, Salvo is solitary, cold and ruthless. When he sneaks into a house to eliminate a man, he discovers Rita, a young blind girl who powerlessly stands by while her brother is assassinated. Salvo tries to close those disturbing eyes, staring at him yet unseeing. Something impossible happens. Rita's eyes see for the first time. Salvo decides to spare her life. From then on, these two beings, both haunted by the world they belong to, are linked together forever. A pair of former high school sweethearts reunite after many years when they return to visit their small hometown. Trapped in a loveless marriage, a troubled writer experiences a sexual awakening when she meets a carefee American in Italy. Angela Cristina, mother of teenager Maria de Lourdes, has to deal with the difficulties and delights of guiding her daughter during one of the most complicated stages of life. Two lovers, Yoga and Parvathi, meet on the battlefield of the Sri Lankan civil war. As the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam attack the Sri Lankan army and tighten their grip on the Tamil people, Yoga and Parvathi struggle with feelings for each other and their own commitments to the LTTE. Parvathi's family is relocated to a concentration camp and Yoga is sent on a mission to Colombo by a jealous LTTE commander. But they soon meet again in battle and Parvathi becomes pregnant with Yoga's child. In the final days of the war, the Sri Lankan army closes in on the LTTE and rescues the Tamil refugees, and the lovers desperately flee the army and the LTTE for the sake of their baby. It's Hollywood, 1958. Small town beauty queen and devout Baptist virgin Marla Mabrey, under contract to the infamous Howard Hughes, arrives in Los Angeles. At the airport, she meets her driver Frank Forbes, who is engaged to be married to his seventh grade sweetheart and is a deeply religious Methodist. Their instant attraction not only puts their religious convictions to the test, but also defies Hughes' number one rule: No employee is allowed to have any relationship whatsoever with a contract actress. Hughes' behavior intersects with Marla and Frank in very separate and unexpected ways, and as they are drawn deeper into his bizarre world, their values are challenged and their lives are changed. A thriller centered on a con artist, his wife, and a stranger who try to flee a foreign country after one of them is caught up in the murder of a private detective. When a young soldier in Vietnam gets dumped by his hometown girl, he and his best friend decide to go AWOL and return to the States to win her back. "Luxury, luxury, luxury... and not to be so alone." Vanessa wants to spend her holiday at a comfortable resort. However, due to a booking error at the travel agents, Vanessa ends up on a barren desert island. The next ship doesn't arrive for another week, so until then she has to cope with oddball lighthouse keeper Stanislav, and the highly unconventional and nonchalant Sebastian, who also has a right to the only shabby guest room. There's no escape from this island - and the three gradually get to know each other over schnapps and pie. When a further guest arrives in the form of dubious businessman Felix and a body turns up in Stanislav's cellar, the insular resort becomes the backdrop for a grotesque fight for life. In his debut feature, Matthias J. Michel cleverly repels various genre and character cliches to create an exceptional black comedy. For Love's Sake is a faith-based drama based on a true story. After the tragic death of her husband, Mary Walker falls into a spiral of suicidal depression and subsequently loses custody of her two boys. Through the intervention of her church community and a caring therapist, Mary regains her faith, experiences emotional healing, and finds the strength to fight a skeptical bureaucracy for custody of her children. Bruce Brown's The Endless Summer is one of the first and most influential surf movies of all time. The film documents American surfers Mike Hynson and Robert August as they travel the world during California's winter (which, back in 1965 was off-season for surfing) in search of the perfect wave and ultimately, an endless summer. Wiley and Sandra have been happily married for years and are now in the process of breaking up. Sam, his childhood friend, is just beginning to fall in love with a new teacher at the high school. As they try to adjust to these conflicting emotions they find themselves having to evaluate their own relationship as well. A "putzel" is a "little putz" and for Walter Himmelstein (an endearing Jack Carpenter), being known by that nickname does not exactly bode well for an exciting life amongst the go-getters of New York City. But that is quite okay with young Walter -- he is a homebody, perfectly content to remain within the familiar confines of his mundane life on Manhattan's Upper West Side, seeing in his Uncle Sid's (John Pankow) smoked-fish emporium a comfortable future among the salmon. Until, that is, his married uncle takes up with the vivacious Sally (Melanie Lynskey), throwing Walter's succession plans into disarray... Independent film with music by Psychic tv.  Features a cameo by Derek Jarman Catherine and Blake just tied the knot. Samuel and Catherine have a long and intimate history which is significant to the fact that Samuel and Blake are best friends. When Samuel decides not to attend their wedding under some pretense that no one believes, he invites the newlyweds to Nadi Vineyards for a week-long party in paradise to make up for his absence. Records spin, wine flows, and bottles pile up. What unfolds over the course of this week will rearrange the geometry of Samuel, Catherine, and Blake's relationships and test the boundaries of their complicated, revolving love for one another. College student Beca knows she does not want to be part of a clique, but that's exactly where she finds herself after arriving at her new school. Thrust in among mean gals, nice gals and just plain weird gals, Beca finds that the only thing they have in common is how well they sing together. She takes the women of the group out of their comfort zone of traditional arrangements and into a world of amazing harmonic combinations in a fight to the top of college music competitions. A wandering neo-vaudvillian becomes smitten with his motel neighbor, a slightly stubborn young woman who is on her way to the state capitol with a unique agenda. A powerful international army assigns a regiment the task of guarding a mysterious man, held in a maximum security prison in the middle of the desert. Soldier Salome, daughter of Commander Antipas, becomes obsessed with him... Eros and Thanatos together reminding us that truth is based on beauty and love. Obsessed with the BBC production of "Pride and Prejudice", a woman travels to a Jane Austen theme park in search for her perfect gentleman. Akash nd Ishkq meet on a train from Rome to Paris and spend a romantic evening in the city. Successful woman in love tries to break her family curse of every first marriage ending in divorce, by dashing to the alter with a random stranger before marrying her boyfriend. Disillusioned Vietnam veteran Lloyd Dubeck travels back to Southeast Asia in search among thousands of war orphans for the son he left behind. Waking Life is about a young man in a persistent lucid dream-like state. The film follows its protagonist as he initially observes and later participates in philosophical discussions that weave together issues like reality, free will, our relationships with others, and the meaning of life. Twenty five year old Jai (Asad Shan) leads an impoverished life in Delhi with his humble Punjabi family who he constantly struggles to support. He migrates to London on a three month tourist visa to fulfill his dream and earn a decent living as an illegal immigrant, leaving his family burdened with a loan. London is his most beautiful dream. Soon he finds a best friend Goldie (Aliakbar Campwala) on a council estate and find love on the London underground in the form of Simran (Sabeeka Imam) who is ShahRukh Khan s biggest fan. One phone call changes his life and he becomes trapped in a dark and dangerous situation leading to an edgy, exciting, fast paced thriller where each man is on his own and its a jungle law. Terry hasn't seen or spoken with her family in 2 years. When she shows up unannounced on her father's doorstep - with her fiance and a plan to get married in 5 days - she learns that she's not the only one with secrets. After turning 40, filmmaker Anna confronts her future. She has no job and it's been ten years since her last girlfriend. No goals, plans or any idea of what she wants. And she's living in a garage. Just when she's about to give up, she meets Katia, who inspires her to set out on a new path of creativity. By following ten simple rules,  20-somethings Vince and Cameron spice up their relationship by sleeping around. But when their straitlaced friends get engaged, their relationship gets turned upside down. To put the rules to the test, they will go on the road to the Hamptons to crash the biggest party of the year where love triangles collide and off-the-wall mayhem ensues. After a decade of living in San Francisco, Jesse is forced to move back to his Midwestern roots because he can no longer afford the city. On his final night in the city, friends and ex-lovers gather for a going away party that promises to heighten Jesse's already bittersweet feelings about leaving. When Neurotic, struggling songwriter, Catherine Brown's life in New York City falls apart, she is forced to confront her past when she spends the summer at her childhood home in Woodstock. End of World War II, 1945. Lore leads her four younger siblings across a war-torn Germany. Amidst the chaos, she encounters Thomas, a mysterious refugee, who shatters her fragile reality with hatred and desire. To live, she must trust someone she does not know and face the darkness within herself. Jessie deals with a bad breakup, by purchasing a sheet of acid to share with his friends back home in Missouri. He hopes this will erase the bad memory of his college girlfriend, delivering the heartbreaking news to him, during sex. Departing New Orleans, Jessie detours onto Route 61, seeking a change of routine from the monotony of the Interstate. Unexpectedly, his engine fails at a forgotten trailer park in Cleveland, Mississippi. Fearful he's about to be harmed by bikers, Jessie exchanges hits of L.S.D. for safe passage home. During the ebb and flow of the day, Jessie experiences the extraordinary in the pedestrian, whilst resurrecting the lives of many. Inspired by a true misadventure. Photographer Francesca builds Maia's confidence while having to control her own obsessive and sexual desires towards Maia. As they spend more time together, Maia becomes the object of her obsession and things slowly spiral out of control. When a foreign exchange student arrives in a small upstate New York town, she challenges the dynamics of her host family's relationships and alters their lives forever. Madhumitha is convinced that she and her colleague Ashwin were lovers in their past lives and have been brought together by fate. Is there any truth to this or is she merely hallucinating? How far would you go to get over your ex? After recent bad relationships with men, best friends Brea, Wendy, and Jessica want answers--so they decide to kidnap their exes and hold them hostage until they get them! After the kidnappers share their story in an internet chat room, they become a worldwide sensation, as millions cheer on their battle of the exes in this screamingly funny comedy of seduction and abduction. Two best friends (Kate and Chloe) embark on a cross country trip back to their hometown to attempt to win a pageant that eluded them as children. Berlin, Capital of Germany. The integration of East and West, multicultural society, departure, movement, creativity, active life, but also loneliness, solitude, and anonymity. Everyone yearns for togetherness, and each love is possible. 'At Second Glance' is a film about Kay and Falk, Benjamin and Elena, Till and Pan - three visually impaired couples in the big city juggernaut Berlin - who meet, discover, and feel attracted to each other. 'Divorce Invitation' centers on Mike Christian, a happily married man who runs into his high school sweetheart Alex, and after all these years, sparks still fly. When Mike is determined Alex is his true soul mate, he realizes he has a huge problem-he signed an iron-clad pre-nuptial agreement and his wife will not let him out of the marriage Popular wisdom tells us that love heals all wounds. Frankie (Amy Seimetz) is an emotional train wreck, careening around the East Los Angeles music scene drinking and meeting strangers. Lev (Bret Roberts) is a taciturn and tormented soul. He drives a limo and wants to work in the music business. They begin a relationship after they connect with each other one night at a party. This dark romance explores what love is like for two quiet people who may be damaged beyond repair. Lev gets to explore his musical dreams working for star Charlie King Nash (Donal Logue) and learn about the practical realities that restrain talent to make artistic dreams so complicated and frustrating. Together Frankie and Lev explore the challenges of a serious relationship, trying to determine if it's something either of them can handle. This moody piece goes beyond romantic movie cliches to explore the intricate interactions of two lovers who don't fit into any neat categorizations. A chance meeting at Niagara Falls leads to a surreal romance. A recently single man finds solace in his upstairs neighbors' seemingly perfect relationship - until he suspects one of them is cheating. An emotionally and sexually charged journey through the love, addiction, and friendship of two men. Documentary filmmaker Erik and closeted lawyer Paul meet through a casual encounter, but they find a deeper connection and become a couple. Individually and together, they are risk takers--compulsive, and fueled by drugs and sex. In an almost decade-long relationship defined by highs, lows, and dysfunctional patterns, Erik struggles to negotiate his own boundaries and dignity and to be true to himself. New Zealand-born, Aussie-based filmmaker Miro Bilbrough follows up her acclaimed shorts with her debut feature - a character study of a troubled young woman named Venice. The true story of boxer Rocky Graziano's rise from juvenile delinquent to world champ. DAgjaFDkn,dnzKdyx  Rodrigo makes casual sex, with any woman who crosses his way in the night bars. In college, he meets Mariana and falls in love for the first time in his life. Mariana behaves in a dubious manner and demonstrates both tenderness and brutality driving Rodrigo to despair. It is the story of a difficult rite of passage from the fresh youth to mature life. An honest examination of the funny, sexy, turbulent and beautiful high-stakes game of heterosexual cohabitation. Tim wants to be a doctor. Caroline doesn't quite know what she wants. They both know their love is real, but can that love endure a town full of possibilities and temptation? Best Friends Forever (BFF) is the 16th year anniversary presentation of Star Cinema starring the Megastar Sharon Cuneta and the Comedy Queen Ai Ai delas Alas. Sharon and Ai Ai will be playing as best friends in this comedy film helmed by box-office director Wenn Deramas of Tanging Ina and Ang Tanging Ina N'yong Lahat. Frodo and Sam are trekking to Mordor to destroy the One Ring of Power while Gimli, Legolas and Aragorn search for the orc-captured Merry and Pippin. All along, nefarious wizard Saruman awaits the Fellowship members at the Orthanc Tower in Isengard. The loss of their young daughter threatens to destroy the love and faith of two married musicians. Four teenaged lads set off to get laid in order to stay alive. However, the boys have to attract the girls first in order to complete their mission. Otherwise, they will be hunted and killed by a vicious Werewolf which only seems interested in Virgins. Welcome to Tumbleweed, Colorado, where the bad-ass baker just got zapped by lightning. Now his memory's fried and he's got to somehow unscramble the pieces of his life. But things only get crazier when he stumbles upon a cookie-cutter copy of himself dressed up as some kind of Frankenstein out back under a pile of leaves. Determined to solve the mystery of his own apparent murder, he tangles with his buried past, forcing him to choose once and for all between pastries and immortality. Overeducated and underemployed, 28 year old Megan is in the throes of a quarterlife crisis. Squarely into adulthood with no career prospects, no particular motivation to think about her future and no one to relate to, Megan is comfortable lagging a few steps behind - while her friends check off milestones and celebrate their new grown-up status. When her high-school sweetheart proposes, Megan panics and- given an unexpected opportunity to escape for a week - hides out in the home of her new friend, 16-year old Annika and Annika's world-weary single dad Craig. Mickey and an early version of Donald Duck are police officers chasing dognapper Pegleg Pete. Despite their bumbling, they manage to repeatedly get the drop on Pete at his sawmill hideout, though they ultimately make a shambles of the place. In Japanese, Haru Urara means "Glorious Spring." But as this 30 for 30 Short, directed by Mickey Duzyj, makes delightfully clear, the name means a great deal more to the Japanese people. Haru Urara was a thoroughbred mare who never won a race. She first came to the public's attention after her 88th straight loss at troubled Kochi Racetrack, then picked up more and more supporters with each defeat. With her pink Hello Kitty patches, she became a symbol of hope in Japan. And though she never did win, Haru Urara did accomplish something greater: she saved the racetrack. Despite being engaged to a successful Iranian plastic surgeon in Beverly Hills, Shirin finds herself falling for a mysterious young man who lives  in a lighthouse in northern California. The film tells the story of Marco della Riva, an Italian student at the elite Swiss boarding school, Mont Reve, who is not your ordinary guy. A fierce athlete and secretly a writer, he is quite the trouble maker and of course a ladies' man. With his on campus nemeses, the drug-dealing Spanish gang, vowing to cause him and his friends, a fiercely loyal group of Italians, trouble, life at the Mont Reve Boarding School is a constant game with one goal: to reach the finish without being caught. But when Marco's eyes set upon Divina V. Rawling, a British classmate and dancer with a perfect record and lineage extraordinaire, his charm is tested. Will she risk his reputation and give him a chance? Lizzie, a high-end event planner, lies awake nightly while her devoted fiance Josh rests peacefully. When a sleep-deprived incident causes her to run into Billy, a low-key bartender who is just as sleepless and frustrated as she is, they discover that they can only fall asleep while next to each other. The gay couple Tobi and Ernie are being visited by Ernie's old friend Uta. What at first looks like an innocent house-call, turns into an insidious attack on the couple's relationship. Sex and drugs-getting hooked and getting off -can be addicting. For Drew (Brad Hallowell), eking out a mundane life in Waterville, Maine, it is resisting the illicit pleasure in New York; for Mistress Datina (Philly), it means operating a sex and drug den to cope with her life. In his visually and sexually stimulating film, director Verow introduces multiple characters and overlapping narratives that portray the physical and emotional faces of addiction. For Rob (newcomer Rob Ordonez), drugs and sex are means of finding a bed to sleep in every night - while they provide Christian (Michael Vaccaro) a means of dealing with his helplessness and loss. A writer records these characters and their unforgettable stories. The themes are universal, but the possibilities are endless. A group of 30-year-olds who have been friends since high school attempt to throw an end-of-summer orgy. A contemporary love story taking place in the heart of Europe, of two passionate young persons, whose sense of reality is too frequently mediated by a failure to 'live in the moment' and by computer screens. A same-sex couple celebrates their 25th anniversary by traveling across the country to get married in every state that will let them. In this mind-bending 'Sci-Fi Noir' a daring physicist folds time to travel into the past, trying to stop a mysterious woman from stealing his invention. But once there, he uncovers a surprising truth about the machine, the woman, and his own fractured reality. Two young couples in New York-one black and gay, one white and heterosexual-find their lives intertwined as they create new relationship norms, explore sexual identity, and redefine monogamy. Youth in Canada learning to come to terms with the world in which they have to live. A picture of the journey to adulthood - a composite of many children's journeys. The production utilized 340 teenagers, 65 adults, and 50 children, none of whom had any previous acting experience. A Muslim fundamentalist in New York kidnaps a liberal Muslim scholar with intent to kill. A closeted lesbian in New Delhi kidnaps her activist bisexual lover with intent to marry. The resulting torture and violence evokes a brutal struggle of identities against unfreedom. A young French chef with a fondness for America and a life in shambles pushes the limits of the American Dream by converting a Chicago pizza shop into an escort-service for the super-rich with the help of a suburban slacker who dwells in his parents' basement. A lengthy and detailed examination of the making of the film, with raw on-set footage, intimate details behind the technical aspects of the shoot including the extensive special effects, the process of shooting various scenes, the inherent challenges in making the movie, and more. Around midnight, a young couple and their transvestite maid prepare for an orgy. Their guests will be The Slut, The Star, The Stud and The Teen. A victim from World War II's "Death Railway" sets out to find those responsible for his torture. A true story. Cosimo is Italian, Nicole French. They meet in Genoa during the G8 protests and immediately fall in love. Swept off their feet by an overwhelming and uncontrollable passion, they decide never to part. After much wandering they decide to return to Genoa, where they start working for a friend of theirs who organises concerts. Things seem to be going well until a tragic accident almost sours their relationship, as a result of which they're faced with two options that can change their future. Forever. A very British drug lord tries to sell off his highly profitable empire to a dynasty of Oklahoma billionaires. Intimate memories and twisted hallucinations plague Bethany after her ex-boyfriend shows up on her doorstep, wanting back in. In the Mexican-Guatemalan border, young teenage lovers, Sabina and Jovany, both Hondurans, accidentally meet again after some years without seeing each other. She plans to get to the United States and dreams about being a great singer; he commits all the required atrocities to be accepted by the gang: la Mara Salvatrucha. Sabina and Jovany crashed with the most adverse conditions at the border like white slavery, the Mexican and American migratory agents Burrona and Patrick, the brothel matron Dona Lita, Don Nico the Mexican Consul in Tecun Uman, the drug trafficking networks, the army and la Mara Salvatrucha. In this modern love story set against the Austin, Texas music scene, two entangled couples -- struggling songwriters Faye and BV, and music mogul Cook and the waitress whom he ensnares -- chase success through a rock 'n' roll landscape of seduction and betrayal. A brief but intense hug will have the effect of throwing a meticulously planned wedding into chaos. Is chance about to give fate a helping hand? A man must find his way after making a grave mistake. Tonio's loyalty to his long-time friend turned gangster, TC, leads to a series of events with deadly consequences. Tonio cannot save his lover, Cleo from herself. Divorced and demoralised, Amy Minsky's prospects look bleak when she is condemned to move back in with her parents at the age of 35. Everyone wants to help but, as her patience level with advice is plummeting, a bold teenage boy enters her life, igniting her last bit of self-esteem. Estrella is a lively girl who works as a cleaner neighborhood and who lives in a modest apartment in Santa Coloma with her boyfriend. His joy and optimism contrasted with adversity around him, especially with the difficult times being experienced co-worker. London Paris New York is a film that captures the angst of the twenties, the most dramatic period of one's life - when you have to find a career, you have your first significant relationship and most importantly form your identity in this world. This is story about Lalitha, a middle class south Indian girl from Chembur (an eastern suburb in Mumbai) who is on her way to New York to study politics with full scholarship, and Nikhil, a Punjabi, rich kid from Bandra (a posh western suburb of Mumbai) who is going to study Film Making in London on 100% dad's money. They decide to hangout together one evening in London and find that they are completely drawn to each other even as their future lies on separate continents.  The film follows their personal journey and their love story as they meet in London, Paris and New York for a night each over eight years. The film is in three chapters and each chapter is shot in a manner that mirrors the mental state of Nikhil and Lalitha. Left broke and homeless by his wealthy parents' divorce, a young man moves in with an old friend and finally meets the woman of his dreams -- only to discover she's already dating his friend. The story of the Great War told from a unique new aerial perspective. Featuring two remarkable historical finds, including a piece of archive footage filmed from an airship in summer 1919, capturing the trenches and battlefields in a way that has rarely been seen before. It also features aerial photographs taken by First World War pilots - developed for the first time in over ninety years - that show not only the devastation inflicted during the fighting, but also quirks and human stories visible only from above. Shortcut Romeo is an Indian romantic thriller film to be directed and produced by Susi Ganeshan, under the banner Susi Ganesh Productions. It is the Hindi remake of the director's own Tamil film Thiruttu Payale (2006), starring Neil Nitin Mukesh in the title role with Puja Gupta as his love interest and Ameesha Patel in a negative character. In this topsy-turvy romance, Gulshan Grover plays Prabhod, a filmmaker at work on his latest movie with director of photography M (Atul Kulkarni). When M is introduced to the project's star, Sushmitha (Masoomi), the actress is instantly smitten. But during shooting, Prabhod begins to have feelings for Sushmitha as well. To further complicate matters, Sushmitha's seductive mother (Rathi Agnihotri) also stirs things up. Who will end up with whom? Spitz is the German-Jewish coach of the football team Macedonia during World War II. Under his leadership, the team fights to become the champion of Bulgaria's National Football League In 1974, 24 year-old Francis Wetherbee, a bank teller who is the subject of small-town envy and gossip, disappears from her hometown of Smithville, Texas two weeks after her fiance's bank is robbed. Her car is dredged from the bottom of a local river but it yields no clues.  After a vigorous but futile search for the missing woman, the authorities give up, and Francis recedes into legend--until the case is revisited nearly 40 years later when key figures in her life come forward with theories and clues surrounding her disappearance. The film then morphs from documentary style to narrative as the odyssey of Francis' life unfolds for the audience and the truth is revealed. When ambitious New York attorney Sam is sent to Shanghai on assignment, he immediately stumbles into a legal mess that could end his career. With the help of a beautiful relocation specialist, a well-connected old-timer, a clever journalist, and a street-smart legal assistant, Sam might just save his job, find romance, and learn to appreciate the beauty and wonders of Shanghai. Written by Anonymous  (IMDB.com). Artie is pure bred trailer trash. He has zero ambition, is everyone's favorite punching back at school and bears the burden of his virginity in silence. And then April moves out of the state. She's his best friend and support since kindergarten and the love of his life. Three years later Artie finally has the courage to take to the road and go see April to tell her how he feels about her. One car-crash later Artie wakes up in the middle of the zombie apocalypse. But this time he's not going to hide. Artie's love for April doesn't give him wings, but does give him the courage to hack, slash, punch and kick himself a part towards the girl he loves. Time is of the essence, because that bite on his hand will make the difference between a French kiss and a bite out of April's brains. Set in 1958, Populaire focuses on Rose Pamphyle, who lives with her widowed father and is destined to marry a son of the local mechanic. Rose travels out of town and applies for a secretarial job with an insurance agency run by Louis Echard. Louis learns that Rose can type with extraordinary speed -- using only two fingers -- and he tells her to compete in a speed-typing competition if she wants the job. A free-spirited surf instructor volunteers herself as a strictly sexual - or so she thinks - rebound for a heartbroken, down and out writer. In 18th century France, Marquise de Merteuil asks her ex-lover Vicomte de Valmont to seduce the future wife of another ex-lover of hers in return for one last night with her. Yet things don't go as planned. Past Present Future is a feature-length film about two friends, Rachel and Noah, who have had an on-again, off-again relationship since high school, meeting up for the first time after years apart. A buddy comedy about a fanatic small town football supporter who falls in love with a perfect girl, only to notice that his dream-girl supports the wrong football team. Now he has to befriend the enemy or forget the girl he loves. James Keaton invents a time machine and goes back seven years to try to thwart the plans of his rival, Frederic Nichols. Meanwhile, Keaton's neglected girlfriend, Leila Locke, finds the time machine and uses it to convince her younger self to not get involved with Keaton in the first place. While in the past, however, she falls in love with the younger Keaton all over again. An inner-city kid has an opportunity to improve his life at an elite university. He struggles between maintaining his grades, staying loyal to his troubled childhood friends, and capturing the heart of his dream girl. But when he arrives at a crossroad he must choose between his past and future. Benjamin Troubles is a tale of urban magic that follows Ben, an out of luck loser, who finds himself suddenly endowed with large sums of money due to a mysterious gift, a pair of magic jeans that produce $100 bills every hour. Choosing Signs is a multi-award winning comedy about an American woman who follows the signs of the Universe all the way to Ireland, only to discover that when it comes to love, the Universe may not always be on her side. A story of friendship, love, marriage, secrets, lies that unfolds between two couples in one apartment during a Sunday brunch that will affect their lives forever. Agnes is a woman who has reached her early 40s without ever venturing far from home, family or the tight-knit immigrant community in which she was raised by her widowed father. That begins to change in a quietly dramatic fashion when Agnes receives a jigsaw puzzle as a birthday gift and experiences the heady thrill of not only doing something she enjoys, but being very, very good at it. The only nuptial condition an inveterate chain smoker receives from his perfume-testing fiancee is to quit smoking. This poses a problem for the advertising agency ideas man for whom smoking is all part of the creative process. Fourteen-year-old Mo is a lonely, sensitive boy whose hunger for the rant and banter of buddies makes him prone to tread dangerous territories. He idolizes his handsome older brother, Rashid, a charismatic, well-respected member of a local gang, whose drug dealing enables "Rash" to provide for his family. Aching to be seen as a tough guy himself, Mo takes a job that unlocks a fateful turn of events and forces the brothers to confront their inner demons. It turns out that hate is easy. It is love and understanding that take real courage. Love stories in Yopougon, a neighborhood of the Ivory Coast capital Musicians, producers, family, colleagues and the artist himself look back on the making of Stevie Wonders's classic album "Song In the Key of Life". When popular mother/daughter-bonding vlogger Stella Marshall finds herself on the outs with her own rebellious daughter Shay, she soon attracts the attention of a dangerous teen fan girl named Peyton who will stop at nothing to make Stella the perfect mother of her own. The tragic story of a Tang Dynasty imperial consort who was the favorite of the Emperor Xuanzong. Raul, a Puerto Rican born in New York, meets Maria, a young Puerto Rican woman visiting NY, one night. Struck by love at first sight, he travels to Puerto Rico in search of this beautiful girl. He is cute. He's shrewd. The girls love him. The cops hate him. He can't speak but is always talked about. His naughty antics will make you scream, but he will never listen. Cos he can't! Next summer ride a rollercoaster of emotions with Barfii - the Chalu Chaplin! Three friends about to turn 30 call themselves animal names: Badger, Hyena and Pigeon. They like to spend time in their favorite bar in the Bratislava city Zoo, and they starve for a serious relationship, a soul mate for life. Hyena is a virile macho, employed as a tiger feeder and seducing women never was a problem for him. In this matter the other two, Badger, a prosecuting attorney and Pigeon, employed as a water bicycle keeper, are far less successful. Times are about to change for Badger, who after years of fantasizing about a woman's voice in the radio finally decides to meet her in real life. As the friends closely follow Badger's new adventure, they discover, that a man is trying to kill him, because of his extensive zeal in persecuting local mafia at court. The killer happens to be the husband of the radio speaker, with whom Badger just started a romance. It is an absurd world full of funny coincidences, in which a story of falling in love becomes a matter of staying alive. Kevin and Garrison are boyhood friends in a sleepy California suburb. They share a love of skateboarding, an evangelical Christian faith and a sense of confusion about romantic relationships. After his girlfriend asks him to move in with her, a twenty-something guy and his two best friends plan an epic night out in New York City to help him decide if he wants to be a bachelor. Set in the Bronx, BABYGIRL is a bittersweet drama about teenager Lena, who, since she can remember, has watched her mom Lucy squander her life on a series of deadbeat men. When Victor (her mom's latest boy toy) starts hitting on her, Lena sets up an elaborate honey-trap, hoping to show her mom what a scumbag the guy really is. But the plan backfires. Trapped in a twisted love triangle between Victor and her mom, Lena realizes that the only way out is to stand up and confront some difficult home truths. Boston in the 1920s. A young East Coast debutante is dating the most eligible bachelor in the world, John D. Rockefeller III. Her future seems set: a dream life in the upper echelons of society. But when she least expects it, she meets a young painter from one of the most beautiful places on Earth, the Canadian Rocky Mountains. Their worlds are polar opposites. As their attraction turns their lives upside down, they soon face a universal question: Can you find "home" in another person? The story of Diego, a young and successful photographer that lives in the glamorous world of fashion, shallowness and excess. A tragic accident turns his world around; his partner is now in a coma. Unexpectedly, and right at this terrible time, Diego must take care of his son, Armando. Now, both of them have to adapt to each other; Armando to the unknown, homosexual world of his father, and Diego to the closed attitude of his teenage son. Women are practically throwing themselves at Rich and he can't seem to control himself. But he continually blames his penis, which seems to have a mind of its own. After ruining yet another promising relationship with Jamie, Rich has finally had enough and wishes his penis would just leave him alone. The next morning, Rich wakes up to find his wish has come true and his johnson is no longer on his body. Even worse, Rich is shocked to discover that his penis has taken human form... A girl falls for the "perfect" guy, who happens to have a very fatal flaw: he's a hitman on the run from the crime cartels who employ him. The clock is running for football star Eric to make his next great play in life when a gang of groupies tag him and try to catch him up in a web of blackmail and deceit. The women who run this show, play the ballers like tick-tack-toe. Out the door, Eric finds out firsthand about the games that take place off the field and what he has to do to remain king and not just another sideline story. A young couple are on the brink of divorce when they are audited by the IRS. A modern retelling of Shakespeare's classic comedy about two pairs of lovers with different takes on romance and a way with words. Alex Montoya is a man who has fallen away from the Christian faith. He finds himself in a destructive relationship and in financial debt which causes him to become involved in various con jobs. Jacob, a wise and loving Christian man, offers Alex a better way to live his life in hopes of allowing Alex to change his ways and reconnect with God. At a leading ad agency, the battle for the top job between Rahul Verma, the advertising CEO, and Maya Luthra, his ambitious protegee, takes an ugly turn when Maya files a sexual harassment complaint against Rahul. THE CONFABULATORS is a feature film about WALTER, a young man struggling to balance his relationship with his long-term girlfriend MARNY and his attempts to climb the corporate ladder at Cobb Inc. Walter's life takes an unexpected turn when his second cousin, TED, moves into his apartment. Soon, Ted starts showing up at Walter's office and infiltrating his social life. Meanwhile, Walter realizes there is more than meets the eye to Cobb Inc., and that it may be involved in a vast international conspiracy. The story of former Hollywood star Grace Kelly's crisis of marriage and identity, during a political dispute between Monaco's Prince Rainier III and France's Charles De Gaulle, and a looming French invasion of Monaco in the early 1960s. Marcus Wright (Daniel Dambroff) is in love with Gabby (Elise McNamara). A devastating accident nearly kills her and renders her in a vegetative state. She can no longer walk or talk.  Marcus is determined to make good on his promise to marry her. He is not only challenged by this unfortunate event but is made to jump many unexpected hurdles, including fending off Gabby's mother Sandra (Aria Mckenna), who clings to Marcus and takes her relationship with him beyond both of their boundaries.  Marcus then meets Elliot Thurston (Christopher Clawson), a published author who wrote the novel "Brilliant Mistakes," a story about the author's personal regret. Marcus is a big fan of Elliot's positive energy and subsequently his writing, and a bond of common loss, dreams and goals ties them together. While Elliot brings color and life to Marcus' seemingly uncertain future, something is wrong and Marcus'trust in others is yet again weakened. Hum Hai Raahi CAR Ke is the story of two friends who on one New Year's night decide to travel from Mumbai to Pune. But a trip that should only take a couple of hours ends up becoming an all-nighters, with wacky events keeping them on the road and preventing them from reaching their destination. Rick is a screenwriter living in Los Angeles. While successful in his career, his life feels empty. Haunted and confused, he finds temporary solace in the decadent Hollywood excess that defines his existence. Women provide a distraction to his daily pain, and every encounter brings him closer to finding his place in the world. The Gonzales family try hard to hold on to our beautiful Latino traditions of misogyny and homophobia when a tall, white, industrialist stranger appears, challenging their place in the exploitative food chain. Two seemingly unconnected souls from different corners of the United States make a telepathic bond that allows them to see, hear and feel the other's experiences, creating a bond that apparently can't be broken. An architect heads to the altar with her fiance, unsure of  her marriage and their future. She relives her disastrous  wedding day, put together by her fiance's overbearing  mother, over and over until, with the help of his brother,  she begins to face her biggest fears and discover what she  really wants in herself and in her life. A married man reaches the point where he questions everything: career, creativity and even his marriage. Hilarious complications and temptations arise when his wife invites her open-minded (and very sexy) yoga instructor to stay in the guest house while she's away on vacation with the kids. An emotional goodbye between longtime best friends begins an unexpected love affair, putting two marriages and many friendships at stake. The Girl and Death tells us the impossible love story of Nicolai and the courtesan Elise. A love obstructed by materialism, wealth and death threat. After losing her job and learning that her husband has been unfaithful, a woman hits the road with her profane, hard-drinking grandmother. Lil and Roz are two lifelong friends, having grown up together as neighbors in an idyllic beach town. As adults, their sons have developed a friendship as strong as that which binds their mothers. One summer, all four are confronted by simmering emotions that have been mounting between them, and each find unexpected happiness in relationships that cross the bounds of convention. Vanya, a young scientist, has spent all his life in a satellite town next to one of the biggest nuclear stations. Just like his parents, Vanya works at the nuclear station, but only because his girlfriend, Tanya, also works in the facility. When the ambitious Tanya decides to end their relationship, Vanya must find his resolve and steer himself to true love. Neli, a bright, young Bulgarian woman, engaged to a well-off American panics and runs back home. She reunites with her drifter friends and the wild life of her past. Among stray dogs and strip clubs, Neli falls in love with her passionate but alcoholic best friend. When her fiance arrives unexpectedly, Neli must make a choice between two opposing futures. Winning your childhood sweetheart can create more problems than it solves. Jenn and Matt are best friends from college who are now in their thirties. Single by choice, Jenn spends her days teaching hot yoga and running errands for her boss. Matt suffers from comic-book writer's block and can't get over his ex-boyfriend. They decide to fulfill a promise to have a child together... the old fashioned way. Can they navigate the serious and unexpected snags they hit as they attempt to get their careers and dating lives back on track in preparation for parenthood? 'Gayby' is an irreverent comedy about friendship, sex, loneliness, and the family you choose. Feature film from award-winning writer/director Patrik-Ian Polk, tells the story of five black Brown University classmate s- four gay men and one lesbian - reuniting in the Big Apple for a weekend of sin, fun, secrets, lies and drama. This is a family story that covers thirty years in the life of the Freytag family (narrated by the grandson, Robert). When his grandfather returns from Russia in 1949, he becomes part of the German "economic miracle" by producing garden gnomes. Klaus, Robert's father, wants to become a writer. He marries Gisela who almost immediately gets pregnant with Robert - but the marriage doesn't work. Both parents abandon the child, and Robert goes on living with both pairs of grand parents. While his father belongs to the 1968 generation that rebels against their fathers he falls in love with the neighbor's's daughter Laura. Surprise parties rarely go well. This one is no different, as a group of 30-somethings head through life, love and a day in New York City. A hyper-repressed and schlubby accountant (Jonas Chernick) strikes a deal with a worldly but disorganized stripper (Emily Hampshire): he'll help her with her crushing debt if she helps him become a better lover. Sharp direction by the versatile Sean Garrity and a very funny script by Chernick ensure for an uproarious -- and surprisingly educational -- sex comedy. (TIFF) A crew of young researchers escape into the future to avoid the shutdown of their project. They find that some type of 'eco-crisis' disaster has de-populated the area around their lab (in rural Idaho) and, by implication, the nation or maybe the world. Stranded in the barren future, in their travels they encounter an abandoned freight train possibly full of corpses (maybe, it isn't very clear). One of them travels further into the future and meets a family in a futuristic automobile, implying that that humankind has recovered from the disaster (or have they?) Aged, embittered widower, Fred learns to enjoy life thanks to his elderly yet vibrant neighbor, Elsa. Upon learning Elsa is terminally ill, Fred takes her to the Fontana di Trevi in Rome in order to reenact her favorite scene from 'La Dolce Vita'. Alex ist Anfang 30, smart und gut aussehend, und wickelt die Frauen reihenweise um den Finger, braust danach aber genauso schnell wieder in seinem Sportwagen davon. Feste Beziehungen kennt er nicht, Teamplay kommt in seinem Wortschatz nicht vor, und ,,Frauen verstehen" tun definitiv andere. Als seine diversen Gespielinnen gemeinsam Rache nehmen, kommt es zu einem erstaunlichen Ergebnis: Nach einem traumatischen Vorfall erwacht Alex in einer Welt, die nur von Frauen bevolkert ist. Schlimmer noch: Er selbst wird ebenfalls als Frau wahrgenommen. Und statt Sex wird lieber gekuschelt, Kinder bekommt man, wenn man sie sich ganz doll wunscht, es wird ganz viel geredet und kaum gestritten, alle nehmen Rucksicht aufeinander und schweben auf einer Wolke der Harmonie. Ausgerechnet jetzt entwickelt er fur eine Frau Gefuhle. Denn langsam aber sicher schleicht sich Paula in sein Herz. Doch wie nur soll er ihres erobern? Irgendwie muss er ihr zeigen, dass er mehr ist als ihre beste Freundin...  Brooklyn, NY. At the next stop, Adam is sure that the girl of his dreams will get on the bus and sit next to him. But when he opens his eyes, all he finds is a pineapple. This is the beginning of a strange relationship between the two, that nobody seems to understand. Nobody, except maybe Kathleen Hibino Tsubaki (Takei Emi) is a young teenage girl with a talent for styling other people's hair. Yet, Tsubaki suffers from low self-esteem and isn't very comfortable styling her own hair. She also has a tendency to dress old-fashioned. She's teased at high school because of this. One day, popular male student Tsubaki Kyota (Matsuzaka Tori) targets Tsubaki for teasing. Tsubaki Kyota holds sway over the entire classroom and is quite a playboy. Inexplicably they fall in love. Meanwhile, Tsubaki Kyota has commitment issues... The teenagers of Disney's most infamous villains return to the Isle of the Lost to recruit a new batch of villainous offspring to join them at Auradon Prep. A contemporary musical version of the classic Cinderella story in which the servant step daughter hope to compete in a musical competition for a famous pop star. While traveling for work in a city far from their homes, a novelist and a corporate accountant find themselves in bed together. Although she's married, and he's seeing someone, their intense attraction turns a one-night stand into an unexpected relationship and a respite from the obligations of daily life. Through a series of moments - some profound, some silly, some intensely intimate - we see a portrait of an evolving relationship that could become the most significant one of their lives. Based on the anthology manga of the same name. Tom and Eloise meet in inauspicious circumstances, trapped in a stuck lift after Eloise has Tom fired. Nevertheless, sparks fly. 5 years later, they have broken up and Eloise is going back to France. Tom has 45 minutes to win her back. Jake Carter and another former Marine, Luke Trapper, join forces to rescue a kidnapped girl from a gang of international criminals.  A harmless game of "Truth or Dare" among friends turns deadly when someone--or something--begins to punish those who tell a lie--or refuse the dare. Sachin is an engineering graduate from a middle class Mumbai family, but his passion is for the world of cinema. He is dreaming and planning for a future as a director, when he sees Jessie. It is love at first sight for Sachin. However, Jessie is from a strict Malayali Christian family, and her parents would never approve of their romance. The other problem is Jessie insists that she doesn't want a romantic relationship, but wants only to be friends. Of all the girls in the world why did Sachin have to fall for Jessie? Maya, a 40-year-old woman struggling with frustrations from unfulfilled dreams. Until that is, she gets the chance to prove to Madison Avenue that street smarts are as valuable as book smarts, and that it is never too late for a second act. In this elaborately mounted seafaring adventure, Rolfe is a Viking leader with the cunning and devious mind of a pirate. Rolfe tells others sailors of "The Mother of Voices," a mammoth bell made of gold and as tall as three men, but he adds enough incorrect details to throw them off the proper trail. However, Aly Mansuh, the leader of a group of ambitious Moors, sees through Rolfe's story, and soon the two are in a breakneck race to be the first to capture the precious bell. Thursday morning, Jerusalem. Nira goes to work. Ahmad in London does the same, Ralf in Cologne and a priest in Prague too. Matija, Croat, goes to work as well. Ok, he doesn't, but he acts as if he does. Ahmad is taking his routine red bus journey. Out-of-breath young man comes in and interrupts it. Schoolteacher Nira is also interrupted - her pupil jumps out and performs a love rap song he wrote for her. The priest in Prague doesn't feel like singing today, he is in the mood for (over)sleeping instead. Someone falls asleep, someone else - Ralf - falls in love. All five mentioned above are listening to the top-news about the disappearance of bees. And trying their best, each one of them in his or her own 'hive': Zagreb, Jerusalem, London, Cologne, Prague... In a quaint village of Haryana lives Miny, a free-spirited tomboy who instantly wins your heart with her bubbly personality. Her father, Bhatti, runs an auto-rickshaw business and is adamant to marry her off against her liking to Sunny. The male protagonist Viren, is a humble and ambitious rickshaw driver working for Miny's father. Bhatti, insecure about Viren's success, sells of all the rickshaws where Viren had carefully stashed his life savings. In an attempt to recover his money from Bhatti, Viren storms into Miny's engagement with fury. This gives Miny the perfect opportunity to escape her marriage and so she stages a kidnap. However, the kidnap goes all wrong and she and Viren land up in Viren's family mansion. Eventually, Miny's father arrives with the ransom that she had asked for and takes her back home. Back in Punjab, while she is being married off to Sunny... An honest, brutal and sometimes humorous account of one man's experiment to push his body to its absolute size limit via weight lifting, food and steroids. A poetic road trip through Pulitzer prize-winning CK Williams' life over the course of 40 years.  The story of a young man disillusioned by love who meets a breathtaking young woman at a charity dinner by pretending to be a philanthropist. Turns out that she's engaged to a guy who doesn't like her going on dates. Challenged by the chase, and egged on by his eclectic friends, he feigns a platonic relationship in order to keep seeing her as he tries to conquer her heart Curtis King, a handsome and popular student athlete, may know his way around the court, but his heart still needs a game plan. When he decides to keep a journal to give his life a new direction, the path leads him straight to the love he needed most. When an ingenue's sudden popularity threatens to shove her out of the spotlight, a movie star uses black magic in an attempt to derail her career. After Tanu and Manu's marriage breaks apart, the latter finds himself smitten by Datto, a lookalike of his ex-wife. But the estranged couple's feelings begin to spark again. A young woman returns home to care for her gravely ill grandmother, only to begin sleepwalking and envisioning spirits. After an extremely regrettable one night stand, two strangers wake up to find themselves snowed in after sleeping through a blizzard that put all of Manhattan on ice. They're now trapped together in a tiny apartment, forced to get to know each other way more than any one night stand should. A writer goes to a vacation house to finish his book. But he develops a mental illness. Eve is a catastrophe--low on self-esteem but high on fantasy, especially when it comes to music. Over the course of one Glasgow summer, she meets two similarly rootless souls: posh Cass and fastidious James, and together they form a group.  Double Down Live is a 2 DVD set from ZZ Top combining shows from 1980 and 2008. Disc one was filmed at the Grugahalle in Essen, Germany for the Rockpalast TV series. Hot on the heels of their classic "Deguello" album (it features 9 of the 10 songs from it) the show finds ZZ Top before sequencers and synthesizers epitomizing their "lil' ol' blues band from Texas" nickname. Complimented by tracks drawn predominantly from their "Tres Hombres" and "Fandango!" albums this is a true best of ZZ Top in the seventies. Disc Two was shot during their European tour in 2008 and combines great live performances, interview clips and back stage footage to create the ultimate ZZ Top on the road movie. With nearly 30 years between the performances the two disc set gives a fascinating "then and now" insight into what has maintained the ZZ Top live phenomenon. Reanna has issues with men when it comes to love and relationships. Her principles are simply; that love only brings sorrow and that all men are useless. This perception leads Reanna to date guys for not more than 3 dates, then she leaves them for good and cuts all forms of contact. Her fun manages to keep her occupied for awhile, that is until she meets Mikhail, a guy that might just prove Reanna's 'men theory' wrong. Arun is an oncologist based in Dubai who lives life king size without worrying about the future. But he is in trouble when creditors start pestering him and he is restricted within the country. Fighter Pilot: Operation Red Flag follows American F-15 Eagle pilot John Stratton as he trains with some of the world's best pilots. The movie depicts Stratton's progression through the challenging and dangerous exercises of Operation Red Flag, the international training program for air forces of allied countries. A single credit card grabs the attention of many. Who will get it? Two young friends discover a dream recording machine and start making money out of it. Meanwhile, a man discovers that the screenwriter of his life is dead, and therefore, nothing is going on in his life. A woman (Peri Poravou) wanders around a deserted beach in a provincial town with her 10-year-old son (Panos Gkiokas). The following day, she has to leave her son with her ex-husband (Nikiforos Naneris) according to a court order. After his daughter died in a hit and run, Freddy Gale has waited six years for John Booth, the man responsible, to be released from prison. On the day of release, Gale visits Booth and announces that he will kill him in one week. Booth uses his time to try and make peace with himself and his entourage, and even finds romance. Gale, whose life is spiraling down because of his obsession towards Booth, will bring himself on the very edge of sanity. At he end of the week, both men will find themselves on a collision course with each other. A recent college graduate and his friends are forced to lower life expectations when they leave school for the real world. Life after college graduation is not exactly going as planned for Will and Jillian who find themselves lost in a sea of increasingly strange jobs. But with help from their family, friends and coworkers they soon discover that the most important (and hilarious) adventures are the ones that we don't see coming. A comedy centered on a failed American writer who enters into an affair after a chance encounter with a European dancer. A romantic story about a perfect guy who lacks the courage to approach girls, a new flight attendant with very high standards for boys, and two friends who make a living by setting up a love confession business on the Internet. Christmas is approaching, and Paul's adopted sister Alana is coming home for the holidays. This won't be just a regular family celebration, as she's recently engaged and the weekend will be spent planning her June wedding with her best friends Roy and Vicki. Problem is that Roy is Paul's ex-boyfriend, and the two young men haven't seen each other since their very messy breakup. Nervous about seeing his ex again, Roy talks his good friend Gavin into joining him for the weekend, and pretending to be his new boyfriend. When Paul and Gavin meet, sparks of attraction fly, but Gavin thinks Roy's still hung up on Paul. This charming romantic comedy is a funny look at family bonds, misunderstandings and the "perfect wedding Dating in the age of social networking. No overview found. The youngsters Matahi and Reri are in love with each other. The old warrior Hitu announces that Reri is to be the new chosen virgin for the gods. This means she must stay untouched, otherwise she and her lover will be killed. But Matahi abducts and escapes with her to an island ruled by the white man, where their gods would be harmless and powerless. Tabu is the last film from director F.W. Murnau; he died before the film's premiere in a car accident. In the midst of a freezing winter on the island of Sylt, Cem comes across Jesus, who is on the verge of committing suicide. The two young men become fast friends, with their friendship unexpectedly threatening to develop into something more. Cem and Jesus - laconic, alienated loners - find their previously uneventful lives starting to spin out of control now that each has someone who means something to him. Young assassins Azumi and Nagara continue their mission to prevent a civil war. In their hunt for Masayuki Sanada, who is protected by both an army and a dangerous clan, they meet Ginkaku, a person who shows a remarking resemblance with former friend Nachi. Neli (55) goes to Bucharest for a few days, while Dan, her 17 year old son is left home alone. On her return, her neighbor friends rush into welcoming her and delurking into the smallest detail, spicy aspects of the party that Dan organized in her absence. Soon after, Neli 's meeting with Dan creates a different perspective on what she thinks she knows about her friends from the block. Zindagi Tere Naam is a 2012 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Ashu Trikha, starring Mithun Chakraborty and Ranjeeta in lead roles and the film is a matured love story. The film was completed in 2008, but released only in 2012 with limited prints. The film is based on the American Nicholas Sparks' novel The Notebook and the 2004 movie of the same name. Michael Raynar is in love with his young wife and expecting his first child. His story should end with "happily ever after" but it doesn't. Instead he runs into Kimmy Sardell. Despite his better judgment, they have a one-night stand that places him on a path of devastating consequences. When Michael's pregnant wife disappears, the police put him through hell. Two years later he is still grieving his loss when he runs again into Kimmy. Since that night spent together, he lost a wife and child and Kimmy has a beautiful playful daughter, Eden. When Michael begins to notice things about Eden that remind him of his wife, he doesn't have to dig deep to discover a deranged side of the woman he now loves. Eden's life hangs by a thread, a thread Kimmy is ready and willing to cut. Florian is half-French, half-German and owns "Le Flo", a French delicatessen in Berlin specializing in Saucisson - French salami. (The Germans can't get enough of it.) Florian's French shop is a success but his love life is a French flop: He always falls in love with French girls, and it always ends badly - usually with something thrown at him. Florian's best friend is Jenny, a German girl who owns a bakery down the street. They've been best friends since they were kids. Jenny's been in love with Florian all her life but has never told him. Tonight, Florian has big plans: To ask Camille - the daughter of a French film director - to marry him. He bought the perfect ring, he hired the perfect band, he found the perfect restaurant. But... there's something he doesn't know about Camille. Naa Ishtam is a 2012 Telugu-language film directed by Prakash Toleti which features Rana Daggubati and Genelia D'Souza in the lead roles Silent Youth is a film for misfits, dreamers and lovers. It's the classic story of a coming out, but it focuses on the moments one tends to quickly forget: the first approach, the creaking of the chair while sitting across from each other, not knowing what to say. And it's about the silence. Certain electromagnetic frequencies can cause mental disruption in human beings... and now someone has decided to put that to the test on the people of a small town. Used as guinea pigs, the citizens find their lives turned upside down in a terrifying nightmare that will haunt your mind long after the chilling climax. After being discharged from the Army, Brian Flanagan moves back to Queens and takes a job in a bar run by Doug Coughlin, who teaches Brian the fine art of bar-tending. Brian quickly becomes a patron favorite with his flashy drink-mixing style, and Brian adopts his mentor's cynical philosophy on life and goes for the money. In 1926 the tragic and untimely death of a silent screen actor caused female moviegoers to riot in the streets and in some cases to commit suicide... With things growing a bit stale in the bedroom, lesbian couple Claudia and Dylan agree to seek sexual experiences outside their relationship. Dylan discovers new pleasures at a sex club, while Claudia, in drag as Claude, finds a surprising partner Previously known as "Repeat, I Love You", "Shadows of Love" is a modern-day Cinderella romance starring Cecilia Cheung ("Legendary Amazons") and Kwon Sang-woo ("Stairway to Heaven") as a rivals who eventually fall for each other. The film revolves around three interrelated love stories with the one played by Kwon and Cheung as the core. Cheung plays two contrasting roles in the film, one as a refined lady, and the other as a determined young woman with quick temper. All paths inevitably end, whether we want them to or not. This is a tale about one particular path, followed by two particular people, but this is not a tale about romance, this is simply a film about beginnings and endings. Daniel and Eve are a young couple in crisis. The film follows their relationship in reverse from the end to the beginning, starting with a break up. Daniel - a level-headed, well-meaning slacker caught between his desire to make something of himself,and his student inclinations to have fun. Upon meeting Eve at a party, Daniel finds her attractive precisely because she possesses the traits he does not. As their various differences bring them together, they are forced to acknowledge their faults, many of which are reflected in the other. Quan is a humble London businessman whose long-buried past erupts in a revenge-fueled vendetta when the only person left for him to love - his teenage daughter - dies in a senseless act of politically-motivated terrorism. His relentless search to find the terrorists leads to a cat-and-mouse conflict with a British government official whose own past may hold the clues to the identities of the elusive killers. A couple on the brink of divorce decides to keep their marital woes a secret as they help their daughter plan her wedding. As the two work together on the happy occasion, they soon discover that their own marriage might just be worth saving. Ricardo, an amusing grumpy middle-aged man, decides to travel overland to India, as he used to do, shipping hippies in the sixties. Only now he has other things on his mind. He has been in a wheelchair for 10 years, suffering from a degenerative disease, that's pushing into its final stages. This is to be his last journey. Accompanied by his housekeeper Dana he sets off, crossing Europe, through Turkey, Iran, Pakistan. It turns out to be a funny and inspiring journey, opening doors both Ricardo and Dana thought were closed forever. As the landscape widens ahead, all of the crucial things of life unfold before them. Most importantly, Ricardo finds a reason to live. This character-driven film considers the evolving sex trafficking landscape as seen by the main players: the exploited, the pimps, the johns that fuel the business, and the cops who fight to stop it. Irascible comedian Jackie Mason debuts his seventh one-man comedy show, "Jackie Mason: Freshly Squeezed." Armed with all-new material, the master funnyman is back on stage in this preview show filmed live in Canada. The show focuses on -- among other things -- terrorism, status symbols, cell-phones, fearless leaders, critics and politics. Jackie is at his best delivering topical humor that can only come from a true master of comedy. 8 stories about Peter, a gay man living in Jakarta from the age of 10 to 40 and his experiences with love that help to shape the man he is today. Several alumni reminisce about their final year at St. Theresa's College and the events that shaped their lives. There are many things in life that could do a number on a man's masculinity. Lenny Babbitt has his identity and manhood challenged when his wife Tracy leaves him for a female doctor named Iris who has been treating their autistic son Isaac. After losing his job, and wife to a woman no less -- Lenny's dad Jack offers him a job at his pawn shop where he must re-examine his identity, manhood and sense of self after meeting Chelsea, a young, free-spirited pistol that lives life on two wheels. In the end, Lenny realizes that there are no absolutes... only one's faith, sense of self and family -- no matter how it's constituted or defined by society. Jae-hoon recently breaks up with his girlfriend and he still cannot give her up. Whenever he gets drunk, it has become a daily routine to call her and act out of drunkenness. On the other hand, Sun-young also decides to break up with his boyfriend. But she holds a grudge against him. For them, it seems that the beginning and the end of a love affair are both difficult. Can they overcome from the previous romance and start the new one? Crystal, the girlfriend of Roman, Jeremiah's American boss whom he kidnaps. As Jeremiah's plans fail, Roman sends Bill, a psychopathic hitman after them. Crystal and Jeremiah tread the dangerous path of a love on the run. But as they run farther and as they fall deeper, a dark secret burns even stronger. A man asks a womanizer to seduce his wife in order to catalyze a divorce. We believed in a better world, we decided to make it come true A bomb disposal expert becomes bitter and lonely and is unable to fall in love until he is forced to deal with his past. Rosemarie is a hard-working young woman living in a small English town in the 1950's. She left Austria with her father during the war to escape the Nazi oppression and since then, despite poverty and loneliness, she has always kept the faith that better days would arise. When she meets Anton, one of her father's friends, she immediately falls in love and starts believing in a fortunate destiny with him. Against all impediments, their secret love affair may help Rosemarie to find out where she really belongs. A spellbinding and romantic supernatural thriller. Ten years after an apocalyptic event left the world haunted by ghosts, Roni receives a threatening message from beyond the grave. Joining forces with a mysterious classmate, Kirk, Roni descends into a shadow world that blurs the bounds of the living and the dead-and begins a desperate race against time to stop a cunning killer. Amidst the sweeping cityscape of cosmopolitan Hong Kong, an ex-Marine falls in love with a ballerina from China. Against mounting cultural and religious pressure, the two star-crossed lovers risk it all in pursuit of true love. A woman reeling from the death of her parents becomes attached to an alluring man whose sudden disappearance sends her and her friends into a haunted high-rise to find him. On a rusting cargo ship in the South China Sea, it's the young Polish captain's first command. His mutinous Chinese crew suspect him and his unscrupulous Boss of planning to scuttle the ship for an insurance scam. When the crew abandon ship, the young captain is left alone on board, helpless, anchored in a bay. That night while waiting anxiously on deck, he finds a naked body floating in the sea below, tangled up in the ship's rope ladder. Pulling the ladder, the captain discovers a Chinese woman in distress. She climbs on board, saying only "Hide me". Dawn comes a few hours later and so does a search party, looking for a murderer..... Dear Sidewalk tells the story of Gardner, a 24 year old mail-carrier, who is struggling to contend with his identity as his quarter-life crisis is in full swing. His regimented routine is thrown out the window when he meets Paige, a divorcee, enduring a mid-life crisis of her own. In this relationship there exists a synchronicity, as they find, despite their age difference, they're both confronting existential problems surrounding identity, love, and the choices in front of them. This movie adaptation of the popular theatre musical "Gerimis Mengundang" tells the story of a young man who is a pilot, played by Malaysian newcomer Kamal Adli. A chance meeting with the daughter of the Indonesia embassy officer who is played by Olivia Jensen Lubis, leads to a romance sparking between the two. However, with their different societal standings, will the two star-crossed lovers end up together? What if Columbine happened again? What if someone believed the false rumors and prejudice against "goths" enough to continue the cycle of sick-minded violence? Pam Morrow (Kesta Graham), beloved girlfriend of Reed Larson (Morgan Blackbryne), is gunned down while dancing, sending Reed on a darker journey than anyone would wish for. Reed contemplates revenge against Pam's acquitted killer, while sweet memories of their love challenge him to make a choice; love or hate, malice or forgiveness, revenge or redemption. An account of the days of First Lady, Jacqueline Kennedy, in the immediate aftermath of John F. Kennedy's assassination in 1963. In a monastery set on the top of sandstone pillars young monk Theodoros and nun Urania find themselves physically drawn to one and other after devoting their lives to the strict rituals and practises of the monasteries. Below them the eternal cycle of farm-life provides a strong contrast to their lives and they are forced to choose between human desire and spiritual devotion A pair of friends sit on a bench and discuss their hopes and dreams when things take an unexpected turn. Witness the unrelenting power of punk pioneers Negative Approach in this collection of concert and rehearsal footage. The clips begin with the September 2006 Chicago show that reunited the band in celebration of the 25th anniversary of their label, Touch and Go Records. Other highlights include a December 2006 show from the Dome in London, Brooklyn's No Fun Fest in spring 2007 and a concert from St. Andrew's Hall in the band's native Detroit. After Fanie takes Dinky, a strong Zulu woman, to his Afrikaans family wedding, the two find an unexpectedly fun cross-cultural romance. But in order to marry Dinky, Fanie must negotiate to pay Lobola (a South African dowry). All he has is smell and a D-line body but is devoted in catching the bad guys. Detective Cha (Kang Ji-hwan) takes the cover of a model on a runway to solve a case. The short film is a poetic interpretation of the writer's mental journey during the writing process. The writer, played by Bryan Cranston (AMC's Breaking Bad), creates a woman in his mind, played by Lela Edgar, while working on his next script. The film follows the deterioration of a relationship told through the eyes of a man whose brain has been curdled by isolation. So desperate for companionship the man plays out a relationship between himself and a woman that he has killed but it isn't long before the corpse begins to deteriorate and the relationship follows suit. As the world the Man has built around himself begins to spiral out of control he watches on helplessly as it unravels the grim reality and the devastating truth of what he has done and what he must do... After a teenager's friends die in an accident, he finds running allows him to remember them perfectly. Running, however, also brings him notoriety. He is caught between keeping the past alive and making new memories in the present. The Newlyn School of artists flourished at the beginning of the 20th Century and the film focuses on the wild and bohemian Lamorna Group, which included Alfred Munnings and Laura and Harold Knight. The incendiary anti-Modernist Munnings, now regarded as one of Britain's most sought-after artists, is at the centre of the complex love triangle, involving aspiring artist Florence Carter-Wood and Gilbert Evans, the land agent in charge of the Lamorna Valley estate. True - and deeply moving - the story is played out against the timeless beauty of the Cornish coast, in the approaching shadow of The Great War. In Havana, Raul dreams of escaping to Miami. Accused of assault, he appeals to Elio to help him reach the forbidden world 90 miles across the ocean. One night, full of hope, they face the biggest challenge of their lives. A young man struggles for closure after the death of his parents. A small town girl in West Bengal, India when she earned a scholarship from the prestigious University of New South Wales in Australia to pursue her master's degree in Economics with inevitable butterflies in her stomach. Liverpool, 1978: What starts as a vibrant affair between a legendary femme-fatale, the eccentric Academy Award-winning actress Gloria Grahame, and her young lover, British actor Peter Turner, quickly grows into a deeper relationship, with Turner being the person Gloria turns to for comfort. Drawing inspiration from the romantic classics of yesteryear, Simanaheen is the tale of an eternal search for love told through two relationships in two different eras. A man proposes to his boyfriend. The offer of marriage is accepted, and then quickly rejected -- all in the days leading up to Christmas. An examination of the romantic life of a young man in New York City and his sometimes fleeting, sometimes profound experiences with the women he encounters. Pepe, a very talented singer, but not very sure about himself, is going to sing on FICLA and he is very nervous. The same day of the contest, he meets Abril, a very beautiful astronomer. Pepe thinks she is the perfect woman for him, because there is a lot of chemistry between both of them, and he thinks it's love at first sight. Nevertheless she is getting married that night. What could Pepe do in a very short time? Which plans does the destiny have for him? FIVE DANCES, written and directed by Alan Brown, is a creatively adventurous narrative feature film set in the New York 'downtown' modern dance world.  The story follows the rocky emotional journey of an 18-year old dancer (the amazing Ryan Steele) with talent to burn, who must choose between his responsibility to his broken family in the Midwest, and forging a life and career for himself.  The film features five of New York's most gifted dancers acting on film for the very first time, and performing the choreography of internationally acclaimed choreographer Jonah Bokaer. Alice Lantins is 38, ambitious and so committed to her work that she neglects her personal life.  In short, she is the ideal candidate for the next editor of the magazine Rebelle, or would be were it not for the fact that she appears to be stuck in a rut.  When Balthazar, a charming 20-year-old, crosses her path, her colleagues begin to see her in a whole new light... A handyman with marital problems meets a housewife with the same. When Charlie and her girlfriend Cerina decide to have a baby together, the idea of using Cerina's ex-boyfriend Josh as the live-in donor turns an easy on-paper idea into a much more challenging event. Peter makes good on another power outage at home by retelling Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back. A story about love featuring three couples, set in the backdrop of different landscapes, by the seaside, in the mountains and on the plains. The Windmill is a quirky and endearing love story about 20 year old Hendri, who arrives on the doorstep of a retirement village to live with his grandfather. Shortly after arriving, Hendri is taken under the wing of an elderly neighbour who forces him to take regular baths at her house. One night, Hendri follows three figures into the forest and finds a peculiar sight - elderly folks diving into a dam, a windmill rising from its moonlit centre. A beautiful young girl appears from amongst the trees in the darkness and introduces herself as Margot. Hendri is immediately smitten with this mysterious girl, and Margot is equally taken with Hendri.As Hendri's and Margot's summer romance blossoms, it soon becomes clear that all is not what it seems in this unusual village. Julia moves in with her fiance, David, but his ex-wife and her own haunting past join forces to rock her quiet suburban existence. A man named Alucinio drifts on the Antarctic desert amid a winter storm. He has been betrayed -in dreams- by the woman he loves. When he is about to freeze to death is rescued by a poulterer who will introduce him to the secrets of pornophilosophy. Meanwhile, in Boston, the crazy artist Gropius Cantor and his little sect are getting tear the structure of reality. The space begins to twist on itself with unpredictable consequences for the future of the characters and all mankind. A story full of lechery, sarcasm, extravagance, impossible geometries, discovery of existence's hidden sides and a pinch of Magick. Shirin Farhad Ki Toh Nikal Padi is a 2012 Bollywood romantic comedy film directed by Bela Bhansali Sehgal, starring Farah Khan, Boman Irani, Kavin Dave, Shammi, Kurush Deboo and Daisy Irani. Mark &amp; Soniyo, after having been brought together by fate, have to win over their parents consent. A romantic drama set in Germany just before WWI and centered on a married woman who falls in love with her husband's teacher. Separated by the war, they pledge their devotion to one another. Sua and Jib are like any other couple in this world except for one exception: for the past 5 years they have kept their relationship a secret since the bank where they are employed has a strict "No Fraternization" policy. It's not a big deal until they decide to get married. The only problem? Which one of these two Type-A overachievers will put marriage before a career and resign? With neither willing to take the leap of faith they both turn incident into opportunity when an ATM glitch in Chonburi province cashes out over $130,000 baht. The terms are simple: whoever is able to recover the money first gets to keep their job. The couple will turn into no holds barred competitors. Who will literally "go big" in their career or "go home" in this romantic comedy about what two people won't do for each other in the name of love? It's the age old battle of the sexes but this time around how can victory be easily declared in a war... Chandini comes to India to attend Veer's sisters wedding. In those four days, she wins everyone's heart. Jodi Breakers is a Hindi film directed by Ashwini Chaudhary featurring R Madhavan and Bipasha Basu in the leading roles with Omi Vaidya and Dipannita Sharma in supporting roles. Antoine and Laurent, old friends, spend their vacation in Corsica with their respective daughters: seventeen-year-old Louna and eighteen-year-old Marie. One evening at the beach, Louna seduces Laurent. Louna is in love, but for Laurent it was nothing more than a momentary distraction. Without revealing her lover's name, Louna confides in her father, who tries by any means to discover who his daughter's lover is. How long will the secret be able to be kept hidden? Gao-bing works in a bakery in a small town. The owner, Mr Chiu, is so into his Rock 'n 'Roll band, and the apprentice Di doesn't seem enthusiastic about learning baking at all. The business of the bakery is getting down and Gao-bing doesn't know what to do with the situation. All he can do is work harder and makes more bread. Ping, the daughter of Mr Chiu, grew up together with Gao-bing and is Gao-bing's girlfriend. She often complains that Gao-bing only follows the traditions and doesn't take any dramatic actions to save the bakery. In order to develop revolutionary new flavors, Ping takes baking courses in the city where she meets Bread. Bread, born in America, is charming and humorous. He falls for Ping at the very first sight. Even though Ping is with Gao-bing, she finds Bread's bread has a special magic. She thinks Bread might be the one that saves the bakery A young man is confined in a mental hospital. Through a flashback we see that he was traumatized as a child, when he and his family were circus performers: he saw his father cut off the arms of his mother, a religious fanatic and leader of the heretical church of Santa Sangre ("Holy Blood"), and then commit suicide. Back in the present, he escapes and rejoins his surviving and armless mother. Hanna is a 30 something single woman from Helsinki. She has a good job and great friends and has almost given up on finding the Mr. Right. One night, Hanna meets Markus, a dark stranger who sweeps her off her feet. Sandy becomes a heart breaker after swearing off love. She leaves a trail of heartbroken men until her friend and a gorgeous co-worker compete for her heart. Combining a family vacation with business, Walter Richmond (William Hurt) takes his wife (Jennifer Tilly) and their 10-year-old, mute daughter, Melissa (Francesca Brown), to the Netherlands -- where Melissa inadvertently witnesses a murder. Unable to tell anyone what she's seen, the frightened girl vanishes in an attempt to elude the killers. Meanwhile, her parents try desperately to piece together the puzzle leading to Melissa's disappearance. The leisurely environment of an almost lethargic horsetrack provides a superb setting to Jarkko T. Laine and J-P Passi's Ajomie. The filmmakers have bravely left their story - centring on a trackmaster (Matti Laine) caught between two women - clean of any superfluous modern frills. At home plans are being made for a shared future, while at the track's maintenance pit passions flare, and in no time the fumbling trackmaster finds himself at the centre of a slowly developing chaos. On top of everything he is plagued by that most Finnish of maladies: indecision. Hugo, a dispirited English Literature professor, sets out on a one-way trip in search of a lighthouse. Halfway there he meets Paco, an 18 year-old smart ass, hitching a ride West. The road takes the unlikely pair to a greasy spoon in the middle of nowhere, where three peculiar waitresses persuade them to stay the night and, unknowingly, change their lives. Something Like Summer traces the tumultuous relationship of Ben and Tim, secret high school sweethearts who grow over the years into both adulthood enemies and complicated friends. Jatt is a mischievous lovable sort of a guy whilst Juliet is the typical Punjabi modern day girl. Sparks fly when their paths cross on their way to Canada due to their different outlook on life. But as faith brings them together time and time again their hatred for each slowly turns into friendship only to realize its true meaning when they get separated. Will life give them one more chance to prove their love for each other or will they continue to be at loggerheads? Continues the romantic story of Javier and Angela, who, after having sworn eternal love and having their first child, decide to divorce. Detroit Winter takes us through a day in the life of Todd, a morally desensitized, wise-cracking jerk. All is right in his world until he hits a bump in the road when Todd runs into his ex-girlfriend. Singer Freddie Mercury, guitarist Brian May, drummer Roger Taylor and bass guitarist John Deacon take the music world by storm when they form the rock 'n' roll band Queen in 1970. Hit songs become instant classics. When Mercury's increasingly wild lifestyle starts to spiral out of control, Queen soon faces its greatest challenge yet - finding a way to keep the band together amid the success and excess. A small business owner is about to lose her shop to a major corporate development. Two best friends in college Mitch and Elizabeth make a pact that if in ten years after graduation they are both not married they will marry each other. Ten years later Mitch (still single) finds out Elizabeth never got married so he decides to travel across the country, find her and follow through on their pact. What he soon realizes is it wont be a simple as he thought. Donato fails in his attempt to save a drowning man, and meets one of the man's friends. He decides to start his life over, but pieces of his past keep coming after him. She lives her own little world. Will it explode and disappear forever? "Born to Love You" is a romantic comedy about poor lass, portrayed by Angeline Quinto, who tries her best to provide the needs of her siblings by joining singing contests. In one of the singing contests she joined in, she met Martin's character who is a photographer. The two then found themselves falling in love with each other. Part psychological thriller and part provocative character study, A TEACHER explores the unraveling of a young high school teacher, Diana (Lindsay Burdge), after she begins an affair with one of her teenage students, Eric (Will Brittain). What starts as a seemingly innocent fling becomes increasingly complex and dangerous as the beautiful and confident Diana gets fully consumed by her emotions, crossing boundaries and acting out in progressively startling ways. Lindsay Burdge delivers a deeply compelling and seamlessly naturalistic performance that brings us into the mind of an adult driven to taboo against her better judgment. Cal Weaver is living the American dream. He has a good job, a beautiful house, great children and a beautiful wife, named Emily. Cal's seemingly perfect life unravels, however, when he learns that Emily has been unfaithful and wants a divorce. Over 40 and suddenly single, Cal is adrift in the fickle world of dating. Enter, Jacob Palmer, a self-styled player who takes Cal under his wing and teaches him how to be a hit with the ladies. A boy from a wealthy family is always socializing with the wrong group of friends. He is very mischief and always involved in gang fights. One day he met a girl and falls in love with her. The girl, Azura, later changed the boy's character and he became a good and well mannered boy. He proposed to Azura but thier marriage was objected by his parents because Azura comes from a poor family. Despite of his parents objection, he marries Azura and leaves behind all his family's wealth. He works as  a laborer to support Azura. Everything was perfect until one day Azura is found to be pregnant. Her husband suspects that the baby she is carrying does'nt belong to him. Misunderstanding then arise between them... "Chantek" is the story about AD, a film celebrity whose glamorous and carefree life is overturned when he becomes blind due to his negligence in crossing the road caused by witnessing his fiancee cheating on him. Having lost all faith in life, AD isolates himself in a vacation home ran by CHANTEK, a housekeeper who has to disguise herself as a man so as to not aggravate AD, who has developed a phobia towards women. However, after living together and discovering each other's strengths and quirks, CHANTEK and AD fall in love, which causes CHANTEK to reveal her secret. But what will come of a romance between a fallen celebrity and a housekeeper? Emilia, a law-school graduate, falls in love with her married boss, Jack. After Emilia marries Jack, her happiness turns unexpectedly to grief following the death of her infant daughter. Devastated, Emilia nonetheless carries on, attempting to forge a connection with her stepson William and to resist the interference of Jack's jealous ex-wife. A trio of clueless minors embark on a quest to get into the local bar, in the hopes of scoring with the opposite sex. 'Heaven is Now' is a colorful, psychological thriller that journeys into the enigmatic realm of Mira's unconscious as she becomes entangled in a devastating love affair with Penny, the pink-haired, perverse girl-next-door. Her haunting encounters with a woman named Claudia drive Mira into a world of drugs, crime and otherworldly circumstances. Mira's sense of reality blurs further into her dreamworld, as she gets trapped in her inner extremes of both heaven and hell. An acclaimed writer, his ex-wife, and their teenaged children come to terms with the complexities of love in all its forms over the course of one tumultuous year. A man falls in love with a beautiful girl, who also loves him. But later, after the man gets injured in a car accident, the truth about her identity is revealed. We are all a little pieces of the great JIGSAW PUZZLE. And there is only one that fits to other... we look for it and find the same...we try to put it, but... it is the same but not the right one... there left an empty space. Can we rewrite our destiny? Can we overcome the last barrier... death? Lucas is a scientist who works near the European experimental project that focus on advanced 'human neuron research'. The project is to transfer neuron information from one human mind to another. Lukas is chosen to connect his mind with a comatose woman he named Aurora. We meet Jesse and Celine nine years on in Greece. Almost two decades have passed since their first meeting on that train bound for Vienna. Liza's a nurse, seeking love. Her only company is a long-dead Japanese pop star, who turns her into a fox-fairy out of jealousy. Now, every men who desires Liza shall die horribly. Can she overcome the curse? A German man fells in love with a Turkish woman and changes his lifestyle for her family. Charlie who comes to Spain with a group of artists wants to live a new life, so he runs away from the group to find another job. Later, under some circumstances, his talent for cooking gets him the job of a chef for the Spanish ambassador. Valentine's Night is a 2012 Hindi-language romantic thriller film directed by Krishan Kumar and Baadal, featuring Payal Rohatgi, Sangram Singh, Rahul Minz, Neha Thakur in the lead roles. The films music was composed by Astitva-The Band. The film, produced by Kirshan Kumar and Sanjeev Malhotra, was released on February 10, 2012. Macky Galvez is a depressed young man contemplating why he had several failed relationships. Galvez meets Ces Bricenio, a modern-day woman who is afraid of commitment. Jimmy in Pienk is a quirky comedy about Jimmy Bester (Louw Venter), a rugged seventh generation "mielie" farmer.  Jimmy's father suddenly dies in a freak accident, he is confronted by two loan sharks who come to collect what his father owes. Jimmy gathers the courage to leave his home and travel to Cape Town to seek help from his uncle (Gys de Villiers), and he is not prepared for what awaits him. Dexter and Dee Dee wreck havok using Dexter's latest invention: a hand-held device that turns people into various animals.  The short film that inspired the TV-series. Young career woman Samantha 'Sam' Hoyt gets swept off her feet by Benjamin 'Ben' Rosen, who romances her better then anyone before, so she jumps at the offer of becoming his fiancee. If Ben thought a girls typical obsession with the perfect wedding was testing, she soon proves a particularly bad case, and before he gets used to that meeting each-others parents complicates things gravely, as Jewish and church wedding traditions don't exactly mix easily. They take their time preparing while living together. Then fate strikes again: the key man from the client of her firms advertising campaign is Luke Stinson, the perfect gay at college whom she could never date because of a rather serious fall just when they could have kissed. Luke proves still as irresistible, gorgeous, charming, easy-going and simply too sexy for any female not to lust for at first sight, and...  An epic love story: Olanna and Kainene are glamorous twins, living a privileged city life in newly independent 1960s Nigeria. The two women make very different choices of lovers, but rivalry and betrayal must be set aside as their lives are swept up in the turbulence of war. A contemporary adaptation of Romeo and Juliet set in the backdrop of Varanasi in the UP heartland, complete with naxalism, sand mining mafia and of course the timeless love story. The everyday lives of teenagers, coming from various social backgrounds. For them, sexuality has become a substitute for love, resulting from emotional neglect. On December 20, 2012, the eve of what may be the end of the world, Stacey decides he wants to see his ex-girlfriend, Parker. Though not entirely convinced of impending doom, Stacey convinces Parker to embrace the notion that this might be the end, and she agrees to spend the day with him, making sure to fit as much into these final moments as possible. Stacey and Parker bump into old friends and fall into old patterns, all the while struggling to embrace the present and not focus on the past. Brooklyn mobster and prolific hit man Jimmy Conlon has seen better days. Longtime best friend of a mob boss, Jimmy is haunted by the sins of his past--as well as a dogged police detective who's been one step behind Jimmy for 30 years. But when Jimmy's estranged son becomes a target, Jimmy must make a choice between the crime family he chose and the real family he abandoned long ago. Now, with nowhere safe to turn, Jimmy has just one night to figure out exactly where his loyalties lie and to see if he can finally make things right. Ram and Leela, passionately in love with each other, realize that the only way to stop the bloodshed between their respective clans is to sacrifice their own lives. A light hearted take on love, relationships and singlehood. Ace assassin Frank Kitchen is double crossed by gangsters and falls into the hands of rogue surgeon known as The Doctor who turns him into a woman. The hitman, now a hitwoman, sets out for revenge, aided by a nurse named Johnnie who also has secrets. A factory worker has always dreamed that he was meant for better things, to be rich and famous and in "the company of kings". One day he discovers that he is indeed the only heir to the throne of a small European kingdom. However, there are forces at work who don't want him to survive to take the throne. Psychological horror about a lonely young woman traumatized by a difficult childhood, and her increasingly desperate attempts to connect with the people around her. The cast from the original Hobgoblins reunites for a 20th Anniversary reunion. The actors share wild stories from the set that you'll have to hear to believe. Inter-cut with clips from the film, it follows Hobgoblins' journey from low-budget straight to video feature, to Mystery Science Theater 3000 hit, to becoming voted one of the worst films of all time. Hysterically funny, the actors don't hold anything back. Eighteen-year-old Shira is the youngest daughter of the Mendelman family. She is about to be married off to a promising young man of the same age and background. It is a dream come true, and Shira feels prepared and excited. On Purim, her twenty-eight-year-old sister, Esther, dies while giving birth to her first child, Mordechay. The pain and grief that overwhelm the family postpone Shira's promised match.  Everything changes when a match is proposed to Yochay-Esther's late husband-to a widow from Belgium. Yochay feels it's too early, although he realizes that sooner or later he must seriously consider getting married again. When the girls' mother finds out that Yochay may marry the widow and move to Belgium with her only grandchild, she proposes a match between Shira and the widower. Shira will have to choose between her heart's wish and her family duty. She will find out that the void which she must choose exists only within her heart. An actress is about to play the part of Mariana Alcoforado, a young nun from the convent of Beja who was writing five letters to her French lover, the officer De Chamilly. The actress, being the perfect embodiment of Mariana, will drive us to a journey beyond time and imagination. Ze (Joe) is just another typical invisible working class man in a big city. He is a quiet, lonely and simple man who works as a janitor at a residential building and also fixes wicker chairs and baskets. Not even the unexpected visit of Jandira, a distant cousin and a woman full of life, seems to have an impact on his routine of silence. However, after suffering a heart attack, Ze is informed by his doctors he only has about six months of life left. Now, both Ze and Jandira will question their values of love, happiness, life and eternity. Based on the numerous options available on sites such as Facebook, Relationship Status tells the story of a number of KL-ites from all walks of life whose relationships are created, changed and sometimes even ruined by social networking and the way we communicate in this day and age. Werner Herzog's exploration of the Internet and the connected world. This story revolves around a famous poet who meets a woman who is in trouble. In order to treat her, he takes her to Shimla in a big hospital, but soon that woman gets possessed by devil and goes out of control. Now the question remains that what is the relation that poet shares with her which compelled him to go to any extent to save her, why she was possessed by devil and who is the devil. A successful author (Ali Fazal) pretends to be a geek in order to impress his girlfriend's (Anisa) brother (Gulshan Grover), because he expects his brother-in-law to be intelligent.Anyway, while the hero's almost on the verge of winning over his girl's bhaiya, his rowdie lookalike shows up, adding to the drama. That's not all. Even the bhaiya has a lookalike which doubles the drama and confusion. Just Ate tells the story of Eve, a brilliant, young and bulimic chef. Eve spends her time closed off in her room, distracting herself from life with food, or working at the restaurant she manages with her tyrant boss, Martin. She ignores her family, despite living with them, and her only friend is her perverted co-worker, Benji. But when she meets an enigmatic homeless man at the soup kitchen she volunteers at, Eve finds herself wanting to live again. But can a girl with so many secrets ever really let anyone in? If you want to melt away fat, build lean muscle and get serious about your fitness, then join Stephanie Oram and XTFMAX. XTFMAX includes 12 complete workouts designed to shred fat and build long lean muscle in just 90 days. Each workout demonstrates 4 different workout levels so regardless if you are a beginner, or ready to take it to the next level atheletically, this program works for you. Comedy set in Montreal A forbidden love story played out in a decade that would soon spawn the sexual revolution. Part historical documentary and part experimental narrative the film reconstructs a mesmerizing and erotic narrative from 60 hours of reel-to-reel audiotape discovered in a suitcase. Recorded in the 1960's by a Mid-western woman and her lover they chronicle the details of their adulterous love affair. Reliant on recording devises to document and memorialize their affair the tape recorder evolves as a confidant, witness and participant, always omnipresent creating a welcomed threesome. Mirroring the compulsion to confess ones indiscretions in today's Internet world these captivating recordings speak to an audience that can remember Bert Parks as well as one who has never set finger to a rotary phone. Story of 3 Bachelors wandering for girls In a village, a young archaeologist falls in love with a landlord's daughter. Their union seems doomed. But destiny brings them together a year later. Will they live happily ever after? The Delhi-centric film is an unusually well-written take on heartbreak and friendship, featuring interesting, roundly developed central characters, for who you care, while disliking some, getting quite fond of some and sympathising with others. Following the wedding of young Jenny Piper and Arthur Fitton (Hayley Mills and Hywel Bennett), a rowdy reception is held at a local pub where the newlyweds are subjected to much well-meaning but vulgar ribaldry. The couple returns to the Fitton home to spend their first night together before leaving for a honeymoon in Majorca, but they are followed by some of the wedding guests who keep the party going until early morning. Worse yet, when the youngsters finally are permitted to retire, their bed collapses as the result of a practical joke. Emilka meets the slightly-older Maciek out at a club one night. He shows Emilka--who was brought up by a single mom--a whole new world filled with desire, passion, restlessness and rebellion. The girl moves in with him and at first everything seems just perfect, but gradually Emilka discovers her separate identity, and starts to grow apart from him. When her dream of becoming a singer comes true, Maciek feels threatened. A toxic love game begins, full of lust and jealousy.  A young singer/songwriter, despite being married, becomes involved with her new guitarist, who she soon discovers has a dark past and may be a danger to her and those close to her. Short documentary on the making of Francis Ford Coppola's "Dracula" (1992). Most love stories are about losing love or finding it. This is a story about what happens in between. The story of an African American nightclub in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina that was a significant stop on the Chitlin' Circuit in the segregated South. The owner, Charlie Fitzgerald, welcomed blacks and whites to his club. From the 1930s to the 1960s, many of the greatest black musicians played there, including Billie Holiday, Ray Charles, Ruth Brown and Little Richard. When her parents decide to separate, sixteen year old Anna Brooks is sent to spend the summer in a small coastal town with her old fashioned aunt and uncle, Jennifer and David Collingwood. Anna is narcoleptic and suffers traumatic hallucinations as side effects to her medication. Whilst living in small town suburbia several bizarre incidents take place which lead Anna to question her own sanity. Is it really all in her head or is something more sinister going on in the small sleepy town? Juan Carlos and Natalia are two young adults who spend one particularly complicated day together. They meet a Saturday morning at a park in Magdalena del Mar and, without knowing each other, they decide to make each other company. A New Jersey guy dedicated to his family, friends, and church, develops unrealistic expectations from watching porn and works to find happiness and intimacy with his potential true love. Joseph and Brenda have done what many only dream of and retired to the South of France to live out the rest of their days as if they were permanently on holiday. But retirement is not what Joseph imagined, and when he meets a young, attractive woman, Suzanne, everything he thought he knew about himself and his world is turned upside down. With her husband jailed for Wall Street-based fraud, Faith has to leave behind her luxury life in New York to return home to North Carolina and the widower father and dutiful older sister she left behind.  Together, they have to deal with the buried emotions of sudden death of Faith's mother years ago, and learn to be a family again.  Like the Prodigal story, Heart of the Country is a tale of a father's unconditional love.  He simply wants a relationship with his children, and once that relationship is restored, he begins to create healing for his broken daughter.  Her marriage has to be rebuilt, her belief in herself, and her peace with her mother's death all come together through the quiet, selfless guidance of her loving father.  The novel, written by Rene Gutteridge from the original screenplay by filmmaker John Ward, takes us from the glamour of Manhattan to the open beauty of the fields of rural Columbus County, North Carolina as the timeless tale of the Prodigal Son is reborn!  LOVE: AS YOU LIKE IT is a no-budget, feature-length film adaptation of William Shakespeare's romantic comedy AS YOU LIKE IT set in modern-day San Francisco's hip Mission District. The film, which features an unique overall vision incorporating both super 8mm film and digital video, follows a group of dynamic characters as they struggle with what it means to love, and to be loved. Unapologetic and unforgettably wild in its approach to combining Shakespeare and cinema, LOVE: AS YOU LIKE IT is simply not to be missed. This is not Shakespeare at its finest; this is Shakespeare the way its meant to be - bold, brave and brassy. Four black students attend an Ivy League college where a riot breaks out over an "African-American" themed party thrown by white students. With tongue planted firmly in cheek, the film explores racial identity in 'post-racial' America while weaving a story about forging one's unique path in the world. ALL MATEUSZ'S WOMEN is a story of a gallant conqueror of hearts, a carpenter - Mateusz Klos. His random death doesn't stop anything, on the contrary, it is the beginning of an avalanche of events that subvert upside down life of a small, quiet and peaceful town. In a witty, original and full of charm way the film deals with a difficult issue of death Young friends struggle to come to grips of getting older. 'Lara's Choice: The lost prince' is a 2012 Croatian movie based on the popular television show 'Lara's choice'. The plot is a direct continuation of the first season finale. No overview found. What do you do when you find yourself in need? You pick up your phone and start calling. But what if everyone seems out of reach? What if you appear to be disconnected from any available network, mobile or not? And what if the only phone call back is the one you dread the most? Following a short trip to visit his family back in India, Raj returns to Israel and his work as caregiver to an elderly man, only to be greeted by a Filipino woman who seems to have taken over his job. When it becomes clear that the old man prefers a female presence around the house, Raj must find a way to reclaim what he feels is rightfully his. (Leeds International Film Festival 2018). Indian bilingual romantic comedy film based on the same-titled short film directed by debutant Balaji Mohan. Starring Siddharth and Amala Paul,the film was simultaneously produced in both Tamil and Telugu languages When old flames reunite, will it be second time's the charm or a case of once bitten twice shy? Jimmy and Cherie, two ex-lovers from Hong Kong, cross paths in Beijing and can't seem to forget each other, despite being involved with someone else. Torn between fidelity towards their new partners or following their hearts, they explore the struggles, doubts and fears that exist among modern young couples All the couples are back for a wedding in Las Vegas, but plans for a romantic weekend go awry when their various misadventures get them into some compromising situations that threaten to derail the big event. Two men embark on an unconventional romance in Todd Verow's sexy Parisian-set drama. Claude finds a young man passed out in the street and, taking pity on him, decides to take him to his apartment to safely sleep. Awakening the next morning, the sexy stranger soon makes a play for his forty-something host, kick-starting a passionate romance. But will the chance meeting develop into more than just lust or will the pair's differences drive them apart? An accomplished, serious and very modern gay romance . A village belle turns on to become an aspiring actress, but later she was exploited by some reasons. In World War II era Los Angeles, the manager of the Culver Hotel leaves his nephew in charge for a weekend. The nephew changes the name to the Hotel Rainbow and overbooks with royalty, assassins, secret agents, Japanese tourists, and munchkins (from the cast of _Wizard of Oz, The (1939)_ ). Secret Service agent Bruce Thorpe and casting director Annie Clark find romance amidst the intrigue and confusion. Len is a Surf Lifesaving champion, a legend in the cloistered surf club just like his father. When the younger, faster, and fitter Phil arrives at the club, Len's legendary status starts to crumble. Then Len sees Phil arriving in the company of another man. Phil is gay. After the annual awards dinner, Len finds Phil in the Club House locker room and violently attacks him. To Len's surprise, Phil refuses to rat on Len about the beating. When Phil wins the annual Surf Lifesaving competition, Len's defeat is final. In an act of revenge, Len gets Phil drunk and subjects him to a series of humiliating acts. But, the hatefulness forces Len to come face to face with a fundamental question: can he accept the truth about his own sexuality. Usual good fun show with plenty of belly laughing jokes without too much obsenity easy listening country humour with a few sketches. An alien life form disrupts the rules of perspective. David's life is on the slide: he's broke, in the middle of a divorce and 'can't get it up'.  His girlfriend, Alice, is his rock, but the magazine she writes for is going down and the pressure is on to find a story.  While job hunting online, David stumbles across the perfect antidote to his boredom: a 'Swingers' site. The resulting inbox of lewd invitations on the home-laptop justifiably upsets Alice, until she realises this could be just the 'story' she needs.  The idea of uncovering the swinging scene causes quite a stir in Alice's office and, much to David's chagrin, she is urged to pursue the story.  Their first reluctant foray is an hysterically low-rent initiation, however, an unexpected upturn for David's manhood is all the extra encouragement they need.  As events accelerate beyond their control the once adoring couple become lost and fundamental questions are asked of their relationship. A film where anything can happen - the hero and the heroine changes their faces, age, look, names, and so on. The only same thing: The love between man and woman... in an archetypical love story cut from 500 classics from all around the world. The women in this documentary have a lot of cleaning to do. They work in motel El Pasajero, where the guests generally don't stay longer than a few hours. The rooms don't have to be particularly beautiful, either; as long as there's a bed on which the couples can indulge their carnal passions, sometimes under the influence of alcohol and drugs. We don't see or hear much of these visitors, other than the odd leg, disembodied voices and - increasingly as the film progresses - moaning. They are filmed nonchalantly, from a strange, accidental-looking angle, as if they are not important. The visitors are in fact just extras in this love story. How else could you get a positive view of love in a place like this? We follow four female cleaners during their daily rounds. They change the beds, polish the mirrors and energetically wipe down a clinical-looking sex chair. Film starring Lauren Myers, Israel Wright and Merritt Glover After a quick courtship, two lovers hastily decide to tie the knot. As their first year of marriage unfolds, temptation and incompatibility put their relationship in jeopardy. The friendship between two life-long girlfriends is put to the test when one starts a family and the other falls ill. After spending the night partying at a condemned river creek, the atmosphere is soon lost for quiet teenager Reece and his friends. Headaches and heartaches give way to a terrifying race back to civilisation as a grossly disfiguring virus takes hold on the most vulnerable. Fast paced, action packed comedy. Tension flares in The Motor City as Officer Richardson profiles every Muslim he sees as a terrorist. He goes on an arrest frenzy, which makes the community activists, Jihad and Osama take to the streets and rally the people to stand up for their rights. The Chief of Police wants to gain the trust of the Muslim community in order to get re-elected, but Attorney Leila Rodriguez is standing in the way with a discrimination law suit against Officer Richardson and the Motor City Police Department. The Chief calls on his most unreliable detective, Mohammed and partners him with a Middle Eastern, Sharia Law fanatic, Detective Abdul. The Chief wants them to "Speak Muslim To The Muslims" which he thinks will guarantee his re-election.  - Written by Omar Regan Robert De Niro and Leonardo DiCaprio must compete for the lead role in Martin Scorsese's next film. Joyce Reid (Fay Wray), a wealthy young debutante, stows away on a cargo ship to China, carrying as passengers her dashing aviator sweetheart, Dan Bailey (Ralph Bellamy) and and her munitions-producing father, E. J. Reid (Thurston Hall) and an assortment of the usual south-seas characters along with some orientals with varying agendas...and some plot-lines straight out of "Terry and the Pirates." The cargo included a shipment of bombs and machine guns. She soon finds herself being held hostage by some wily orientals who will free her only if dashing Dan agrees to pilot a bombing plane for some Chinese bandits. The romantic lives of two people - Varun (Nani) and Nithya (Samantha), are chronicled in this film from their school days until their adult lives. They fall in love multiple times and keep breaking up over minor issues. But deep down, they are so madly in love with each other that they keep giving themselves another chance. A Hindu boy falls in love with a Muslim girl. When whites hunger after the gold on Ute Indian land, a bigoted young man finds himself forced into a peacekeeping role. In 1923 a Japanese comes to Munich and immediately falls in love with a street artist with a red hat, without knowing her past is. She turns to the Japanese, for the first time she thinks she has found her really great love- exotic stranger attracts her. They say a lot, but they do not understand each other - but they can show their love. Nevertheless, the relationship is doomed to failure from the beginning. Disappointment, death and loss. An English mother and her teenage son spend a week preparing the sale of their remote holiday house in the South of France. Fifteen-year-old Elliot struggles with his dawning sexuality and an increasing alienation from his mother, Beatrice. She in turn is confronted by the realisation that her marriage to his father, Philip, has grown loveless and the life she knows is coming to an end. When an enigmatic local teenager, Clement, quietly enters their lives, both mother and son are compelled to confront their desires and, finally, each other. Hailey attends her niece's school recital only to learn that the beloved music teacher has vanished. Hailey soon discovers several startling secrets amongst the staff, as well as a link between the missing young teacher and the school's reconstruction funds. Sex sells in America and these guys know it. The Amateurs follows a small town band of loveable losers who hit upon an idea that can make their dreams and fantasies come true. Thinking they've found the road to riches and fame they decide to make the world's most innocent adult film. Everyman's fantasy turns into a hilarious misadventure when they find they're in way over their heads. Victoria Spick, a criminal lawyer who is single, turns up at a wedding and meets three men there: David, the father of her daughters; Vincent, a friend of hers; and Sam, a former drug dealer who she bailed out. The next day, Vincent is accused of attempted murder by his partner. An architect heads to the altar with her fiance, unsure of  her marriage and their future. She relives her disastrous  wedding day, put together by her fiance's overbearing  mother, over and over until, with the help of his brother,  she begins to face her biggest fears and discover what she  really wants in herself and in her life. Victor Tellez is an intellectual, world-weary film critic who prefers to think in French and eschew the cliches of romantic movies...until he finds himself living a sappy, feel-good love story of his own. Cal Weaver is living the American dream. He has a good job, a beautiful house, great children and a beautiful wife, named Emily. Cal's seemingly perfect life unravels, however, when he learns that Emily has been unfaithful and wants a divorce. Over 40 and suddenly single, Cal is adrift in the fickle world of dating. Enter, Jacob Palmer, a self-styled player who takes Cal under his wing and teaches him how to be a hit with the ladies. Sonja, a city girl from Zagreb, a vegetarian and a hardcore animal-rights activist, strongly opposes bullfighting in Dalmatinska zagora (Dalmatian Hinterland). People find this irritating and they conclude that no matter how passionately Sonja loves animals, she would never dare to stand in front of a bull. Bets are raised and Sonja faces a challenge in the form of Ante, known far and wide for his powers of persuasion. It has been a year since XiaoLin's death. She has left behind her husband, YiFan and their 5 year old son XiaoBin. Like the picture book the mother left behind, day-by-day XiaoBin waits for the rainy season to come, if as a miracle will happen. Suddenly, one day in a deserted forest a phenomenal event happens. Right before the YiFan's and XiaoBin's eyes XiaoLin mysteriously appears, however she has no memory of her life and no sense of identity. Thus, to get back XiaoLin's memory YiFan talks about their past and rekindles what they had. As the rainy season comes to an end XiaoLin leaves her husband and son again. It's only after XiaoLin leaves the untold mysteries and events are explained and understood. A portrayal of love and loss, In Bloom shows a personal and realistic tale of losing first love. During a tumultuous summer in Chicago, a serial killer terrorizes boystown while two young men experience the pain of separation and broken hearts. A writer stumbles upon a long-hidden secret when he agrees to help former British Prime Minister Adam Lang complete his memoirs on a remote island after the politician's assistant drowns in a mysterious accident. Promiscuous things going on every night at LKF. Tonight, a photographer hits it off with a girl that just broke up with her rich ex-boyfriend; an office boy in advertising mistakes his cell phone for a pretty married woman's; a broker gets to know a prostitute a lot more than he should; a patrol officer comes across a female DJ working at a night club, they're like familiar strangers to each other. After he performs a dangerous dare-devil stunt at an air show, South Korean Air Force pilot Tae-hun is kicked out of the elite Black Eagles flying team and transferred to a combat unit where he immediately comes into conflict with ace pilot Cheol-hui. He makes friends with the other pilots in the unit and falls in love with the beautiful Se-young, who is in charge of maintenance, but his antics soon cause the entire unit to be suspended from duty. When a North Korean MIG fighter threatens, the group is called back into a gripping dogfight that leaves one comrade dead and another missing. Cheol-hui and Tae-hun join forces to rescue their missing friend and prevent a catastrophic war. Camille was only sixteen and still in high school when she fell in love with Eric, another student. They later married and a child and were happy for a while. But now twenty-five years have passed and Eric leaves her for a younger woman. Bitter and desperate Camille drinks so much liquor at a New Year Eve's party that she falls into an ethylic coma and she finds herself... propelled into her own past! Camille is sixteen again when she wakes up this morning, her parents are not dead anymore and she must go to school, where she will meet her schoolmates and, of course, Eric. Is she going to fall for him again and... be miserable twenty-five years later? Or will she avoid him with the result never having her beloved daughter? Who ever said that time traveling was fun? Spring (Teresa Mo) and her daughter, Autumn (Karena Ng), work respectively as a Designer and Steward Manager in a Multinational Enterprise of Men's Underwear founded by their brother and uncle Hugo(Raymond Wong). To win back his ex-girlfriend, Miao (Hai Qing), who is now a World Class Fashion Designer; Hugo pretends his business to be at a brink of bankruptcy and hoping to recruit her for help. Miao seizes the opportunity to take revenge on Hugo and she demands him to establish a new Fashion Line name to achieve positive results before she will accept the offer. Neville Rumble is a man who struggles to fit into society but see it more as the world's problem than his own. His life takes a very strange turn when he meets Lucy Springer at a people skills training course. Meenakshi, a Marathi gal with an ultra-sensitive sense of smell, lives her life in her dreams, dancing and enacting her favourite actresses Sridevi, Madhuri and Juhi. Not believing in arranged marriages, Meenakshi awaits her prince when she comes across Tamil artist Surya, to whom she is strangely attracted to. RUSHI is a poignant story of a group of medical students with aspirations to become doctors and serve humanity. This story portrays Medical campus energized by the pleasures of a normal college student, yet haunted by the hardships of a medical student, their daily get go, their emotional crests and troughs, the anatomies and psychologies, their romances and final The License To Heal. Four people whose lives have come to a standstill. The old friends Oscar and Elias are doing their last term in school and they both struggle to find the road ahead and a brighter future. Although brought up in the same rough neighborhood they have so far applied very different strategies. Oscar is the model student. Elias is caught up in petty crimes. But destiny has another faith for the both of them.Oscar falls madly in love with his attractive teacher Kristina and Elias sets his eyes on the beautiful Muslim girl Zeynep. Lines are crossed a things start to spin out of control. Frank is a man who thinks he has lost everything, until his house is destroyed by a tornado. Then when he goes to the insurance company, he's told they won't pay because the damage falls under the "Act of God" exclusion in his policy. With nothing left, and nothing left to lose, he decides to sue God himself for damages, naming representatives of the world's religions as defendants in the suit. What starts as a ridiculous stunt, becomes a beautiful, funny, soulful odyssey in which he rediscovers that love itself... requires a leap of faith. Four stories about love and self-acceptance: An eleven year-old boy struggles to keep secret the attraction he feels towards his male cousin. Two former childhood friends reunite and start a relationship that gets complicated due to one of them's fear of getting caught. A gay long lasting relationship is in jeopardy when a third man comes along. An old family man is obsessed with a young male prostitute and tries to raise the money to afford the experience. Single and middle-aged, beautiful Irene (Margarita Buy) is wholly devoted to her job as an inspector of luxury hotels. Constantly on the road, she indulges in expensive pleasures at impeccable resorts, but always incognito and alone, soon escaping to the next exotic destination with her checklist and laptop in tow. When her best friend and ex, Andrea (Stefano Accorsi), who has always been a source of emotional support, suddenly becomes unavailable, Irene is thrown into a deep existential crisis. "Luxury is a form of deceit," she is told by a fellow traveller in the fog of a steam room, and thus begins Irene's quest to bring more meaning into her life. After returning back to family, Leyla tries to fix everytihng while starting a new life wit Iskender. Everything goes smoothly until troubles find Leyla... A middle-aged golfer and lifelong womanizer finally gets a taste of his own medicine when he meets a confident but needy female lawyer. Cairo, 2011. A police officer investigates the murder of a woman in a luxurious hotel in the days leading up to the Egyptian revolution. Two teenagers are drawn together by the Buzzcocks' single 'Love You More' during the summer of 1978. Down and out, directionless, and without a driver's license, Emma is going nowhere fast and she knows it. The men and women this bisexual enigma has been sleeping with think she's a waitress, an artist or a kindergarten teacher... while in reality, she works in a seedy porn shop, dressing up nightly as various "sexy" characters. One night at the local Albany bar, Emma meets Mason, a transgender IT technician who seems to have it all. Could Mason be the knight in shining armor she's been searching for? Soon, Emma finds her web of carefully crafted lies beginning to unravel when she encounters one of the few things she hasn't before- sincere feelings for another person. Little Bi Peep... it's hard to find someone to love ewe. Durell and LeeJohn are best friends and bumbling petty criminals. When told they have one week to pay a $17,000 debt or Durell will lose his son, they come up with a desperate scheme to rob their neighborhood church. Instead, they end up spending the night in the presence of the Lord and are forced to deal with much more than they bargained for. Culloden, Scottish Highlands, April 16th, 1746. It was one of the most mishandled and brutal battles ever fought in Great Britain. Its aftermath was tragic. The men responsible for such a disaster must be exposed. The men, women and children who suffered because of it must be remembered. NEVER SAY...NEVER MIND, the SWEDISH BIKINI TEAM find themselves in London at BUCKINGHAM PALACE receiving British Orders of Chivalry. But first, they must locate and destroy a copy of the infamous Los Alamos hard drive. Meanwhile, HELGA is missing in action in AMAZONIA and gets her Damehood in absentia. The other TEAM MEMBERS think that their next stop will be a leisurely yacht cruise and an appearance at the International Bikini Team Federation (IBTF) Open, where they will be judging the contest. Little do they know that intrigue, adventure, portable nuclear devices, a mutant yeast strain and danger in high places awaits. Jeff Bridges, alongside prominent scientists and authors, weaves evolution, emergence, entropy, dark ecology, and what some are calling the end of nature, into a story that helps us understand our place among the species of Earth's household. An ensemble of interconnected twentysomethings struggle with the complications of life, work, and love as they cross paths in the city throughout one day. A socially thought-provoking and stirring love story based on the French novella, 'Francois Le Champi' by George Sand. Harbans Rai and Ranjit Rai are two wealthy businessmen who absolutely *loathe* poverty and poor people . As fate would have it , Harbans Rai's daughter Madhu falls for a poor mechanic Raja while Ranjit Rai's son Ajay romances a poor girl Kajal . When Harbans and Ranjit come to know of it they try various ways to separate the lovers. Weekend trips, office parties, late night conversations, drinking on the job, marriage pressure, biological clocks, holding eye contact a second too long... you know what makes the line between "friends" and "more than friends" really blurry? Beer. A womanizing yet lovable loser, Charlie, a waiter in his early 30's who dreams of selling his book entitled "7 STEPS OF HEALING THE MALE BROKEN HEART" finds himself still working in restaurants to survive in the Big Apple. Low on cash, he's left with no other choice but to look for a roommate to share his tiny studio. Surprisingly, the first person to answer the ad is his ex and only love of his life Pam, who broke his heart and disappeared without reason and the inspiration behind his book. The Pam he remembered was a youthful spirit with lots of money who is now broke and disheveled. A new story begins and it is up to Charlie to find out why she ran out on him and what's happened to her over the past three years. With a potential new love in his life, he must gather the strength to help Pam get back on her feet without rekindling old feelings. A former valedictorian quits her reporter job in New York and returns to the place she last felt happy: her childhood home in Connecticut. She gets work as a lifeguard and starts a dangerous relationship with a troubled teenager. In the summer of 1991 an elderly woman Ghislaine Marchal is found murdered in the basement of her home with the message "Omar M'a Tuer" (Omar has kill me) written beside in her own blood. Despite a lack of forensic or DNA evidence, her Moroccan gardener Omar Raddad is found guilty and sentenced to 18 years in a French prison. Shocked by the case, and convinced of his innocence, journalist Pierre-Emmanuel Vaugrenard moves to Nice to investigate, and uncover the truth... Hemlock Society is a school that teaches aspirants how to successfully commit suicide. Meghna, one of the aspirants, has a near-death experience, turning everybody's lives upside-down. Recorded live at Hammersmith Apollo, Russell questions the values of heroes and leaders. 'Messiah Complex' is a disorder where sufferers think they might be the messiah. Did Jesus have it? What about Che Guevara, Gandhi, Malcolm X and Hitler? All these men have shaped our lives and influenced the way we think. Their images are used to represent ideas that often do not relate to them at all. Would Gandhi be into Apple? Would Che Guevara endorse Madonna? Would Jesus be into Christianity? He concludes it's all a load of rubbish and encourages the audience to stop voting, ignore advertising, look to the transcendent within themselves and others...and kick over some bins on their way home. Plus there's sex. Obviously. An old man and his sister are concealing a terrible secret from their adopted teen daughter, concerning a hidden abandoned farmhouse, located deep in the woods. Guillermo works for a human trafficking ring. One night he discovers two refugees, Alondra and her son, Victor, hiding in his truck. He reluctantly shelters them in his apartment, and begins to grow attracted to them. Hedda Gabler has just come back from her honeymoon, married to boring but reliable academic George Tesman. Refusing to tie herself down in life and name, Hedda is banking on George being appointed a professorship to secure a better life for the young couple, However, the arrival of cleaned up ex-lover Eilert threatens to destroy everything. Stunning, stylish neo-noir about choice and coincidence... and how they define the trajectory of life. Killian commits armed robbery, gets caught, serves 4 years, gets out and returns to his life. Then he meets a mysterious girl who changes everything. In flashback from a 'Rebecca'-style beginning: Ellen Foster, visiting her aunt on the California coast, meets neighbor Jeff Cohalan and his ultramodern clifftop house. Ellen is strongly attracted to Jeff, who's being plagued by unexplainable accidents, major and minor. Bad luck, persecution...or paranoia? Warned that Jeff could be dangerous, Ellen fears that he's in danger, as the menacing atmosphere darkens. A story about a mostly normal young man who makes the most out of fitting in when he obviously doesn't. Colin, an ambitious young American businessman, has a deal with a potential client, a rich Arab sheikh who is a passionate pigeon fancier. The sheikh has tried several times to buy a champion pigeon, but the owner continues to stubbornly refuse his offer. In an attempt to gain the trust of the Sheikh, Colin offers him a deal: if he manages to convince the owner to sell the champion pigeon, the sheikh will agree to do business with Colin's company. But when Colin meets Jos, the grumpy owner of the pigeon, and Isabella, his granddaughter, he realizes that this mission will not be as easy as he had hoped. A Punjabi comedy. A British architect's teenage daughter, who has joined a group of Soho beatniks,  detests her new stepmother and, after learning she was once a stripper, tries to ruin her with her father. When Emma moves in with her estranged, gay son, the pair must learn to reconnect through food where words fail, and face the foreclosure of the family's Chinese restaurant and a stubborn fear of intimacy. The film set, in post war Sri Lanka, brings us close to two characters who collide quite accidentally, and through them we experience the deep and seemingly unbridgeable chasm that conflict almost always creates. Will love help them cross the bridge? Or will the past continue to color the present? A man and a woman from the two ends of the thirty-year-old bloody civil war in Sri Lanka discover that the color of love is blue, and life, shades of grey. A philandering husband unknowingly falls back in love with his wife over the phone when she pretends to be another woman. Sriram Venkat is the most shallow guy on earth who doesn't value relationships, family, friends, life or the country. Not necessarily in that order. Because he couldn't care less about the order. This makes him the clear 'black' sheep of the family. A Finnish-Norwegian love story with an unexpected shape and development. Shot in Oslo, Helsinki, Istanbul and Berlin. The film focuses on showing the actual moments that lead to getting to know one another, building a relationship and to breaking up. The film takes part in Kaisa's attempt of getting involved with two different men that look almost exactly the same, questioning where the thin line is between someone potentially being the love of your life or not. Shooting the film with the approach of a workshop and closely involving the actors allows the film to take shape as a unique, unpredictable cinematic expression touching the basis and complexity of human behavior. A playfully inventive jigsaw puzzle of a movie, Boys Are Us follows heartbroken teenager Mia, whose older sister Laura persuades her to take revenge on the male sex. Their plan involves Mia seducing a boy and making him fall in love with her before cruelly discarding him, although the predatory Laura can't help but complicate matters by toying with the boys herself. Can Mia follow through on their plan? Does she want to? Melody Time is an animated feature produced by Walt Disney and released to theatres by RKO Radio Pictures. Made up of several sequences set to popular music and folk music, the film is, like Make Mine Music before it, the contemporary version of Fantasia. Sequel depicting the innocent love of boy and girl high school students who are into S&amp;M, based on the popular manga. Directed by school drama maestro Shimizu Atsushi, who also handled the first installation.  Nana (Aono Miku), a model student who serves as student council vice-president, and run-of-the-mill virginal high schooler Kaoru (Tochihara Rakuto) are childhood friends. They embark on regular S&amp;M play dates in secret as a stress release for Nana. For spring break, Nana goes on a school trip to a power spot in Nagano planned by the student council. Kaoru joins her, and a change occurs in their feelings. Adele's life is changed when she meets Emma, a young woman with blue hair, who will allow her to discover desire, to assert herself as a woman and as an adult. In front of others, Adele grows, seeks herself, loses herself, finds herself. As a young couple are having a movie-night, a ghost from the girlfriends past comes back to haunt her. When four generations of the Cooper clan come together for their annual Christmas Eve celebration, a series of unexpected visitors and unlikely events turn the night upside down, leading them all toward a surprising rediscovery of family bonds and the spirit of the holiday. Set within music field, this film depicts a love story between a 25-year-old sound engineer and 16-year-old high school student Riko, who posessess a gifted voice.  25-year-old sound engineer Aki is a member of popular band "Crude Play," but right after the band decides to make their major record debut Aki quits the band. But, Aki provides his music to Crude Play under the name of producer Soichiro. Aki begins to date Riko, whose father runs a fruit and vegetable shop. Riko doesn't know about Aki's background, but she likes to listen to him hum. Riko is in a band herself, with childhood friend Yuichi and Sota. One day she is scouted by producer Soichiro. In Da Cut is a comically inspiring story of a young aspiring film maker, fresh out of school, who feels ready to take on the world - by chasing the illusion of beautiful women, big cash and quick recognition in the film circuit. On the path of fulfilling his life long dreams he comes to the shocking revelation that nothing in Hollywood is personal; it's just show business! Flamboyantly gay Austrian television reporter Bruno stirs up trouble with unsuspecting guests and large crowds through brutally frank interviews and painfully hilarious public displays of homosexuality. Rachel is a quick-witted and lovable stay-at-home mom. Frustrated with the realities of preschool auctions, a lacklustre sex life and career that's gone kaput, she visits a strip club to spice up her marriage and meets McKenna, a stripper she adopts as her live-in nanny. A hidden Ninja village exists deep in the mountain. OKOU who was raised as a lady Ninja is ordered a secret mission by the patriarch.. Leo the dishwasher falls in love with a bride on the day of her wedding - to another man. The life of Abby is centered around the fast-paced days of being a successful sous-chef and her marriage to Matt, a loving husband. A sudden accident in the kitchen forces her to leave the job she loves, and worse, to forgo a dream promotion. As the hottest summer in L.A. history reaches its peak, she faces an extreme challenge: doing nothing. The summer intensifies as she confronts a growing emotional gulf between herself and her husband, much unsolicited advice from her prying girlfriend and the temptation of an old flame.. Oliver Fellows, a failed city banker, is pursuing fulfillment on an old farm in Southern Portugal. He and his neighbor, Manel, face unprincipled enemies in a highly amusing quest to save their valley from exploitation. Road movie about two young people from different parts of the world, their vastly different clashing cultures and their journey of self-discovery during the drive to the largest music festival in California. In Mystery, Alaska, life revolves around the legendary Saturday hockey game at the local pond. But everything changes when the hometown team unexpectedly gets booked in an exhibition match against the New York Rangers. When quirky small-towners, slick promoters and millionaire athletes come together. Guido and Antonia are a young couple with opposing characters and working schedules: he works a night job as a doorman in a hotel, and she works as an employee for a rental car service. This is the story of what happens to Guido and Antonia when they decide to have a child. "Aku Ada, Kau Ada???" is a Malaysian musical comedy romance set in Korea, starring Yana Samsudin and Shaheizy Sam. Directed by Rahila Ali, the film tells the story of two archenemies, Tina and Nordin, who constantly clash with each other as the leads of a musical. However, amid their constant bickering, the two eventually fall in love, bringing a whole new set of complications as they each refuse to believe that it is possible for the other to reciprocate. This musical tells the story of a girl named Nurul Aiman who possesses a chubby body, less-than-desirable physical features and a naive but kind heart. Despite her looks, she is as much a lady as other girls her age. Her best friends are Lana dan Azadan, whom she has known since childhood and she lives in a backwater village with her mother Lia, her father Hairil and her grandmother Nenda Zaimah. In school, Aiman is friends with a guy named Johari, who is good-looking and smart, and who also secretly harbours feelings for Aiman. At the same time, Lana and the most popular girl in school, Rita, fancy Johari. Isabel Reyes (Rhian Ramos) is an infamous soap opera villain in the country. Everyone simply loathes Isabel which makes her the most condemned personality in the world of television. But by some weird twist of fate, Isabel\'s life turns upside down when she encounters a near-death accident. The wicked antagonist experiences a sudden change of heart and being the top kontrabida of her soap opera, Isabel couldn\'t just deliver her heartlessness and cruelty in front of the camera. Her over-the-top villainous persona disappears and she finds herself powerless to kick and slap the lead star. Isabel\'s show hits a major ratings slump and the network advises her to take a break from work with hopes of reigniting her passion. To solve her dilemma, Isabel seeks the help of the biggest kontrabida icon in the country, no less than Ms. Bella Flores. She finds her on YouTube and says that for Isabel to get herself back, she needs to find the person who hurt her the most. 1995 Kannada movie from writers J Damodaran and Chi Dattaraj. Two best friends make the best of going to high school by dreaming up fashion magazine photo shoots, and bribing their siblings to model for them.  Rene indulges all his fantasies and loves designing clothes. Frankie lives for her camera and punk rock. They both fall for Sasha, the shy soccer player with a soft spot for poems by Pushkin. When the three of them are caught between competing invitations to prom, their high-fashion drama could destroy their friendships along with the entire prom. Zef's stormy relationship with his brother Roni is further aggravated when Roni marries his daughter just as he is attending to his wife's funeral. The two brothers have never got on with each other. One is faithful to his religion, the other lives only for the present. Between London, Paris, Saint-Tropez and New York, a series of confrontations and betrayals threatens to drive the family further apart, but out of this confusion will come a great love story, perhaps even two... What if William Shakespeare never existed... until now. Our Modern Bard is caught in a love triangle of confused sexuality, cross dressing, mistaken identity, and bedroom trysts. Does Shakespeare love his lusty best friend, Wilma Hartford, who's also a drag queen, or his lovely long-time girlfriend Anne Hathaway. This battle to understand Shakespeare's true heart is a comic romp. All the while, Shakespeare peddles his screenplays in Hollywood. Renaissance and modern sensibilities clash when an all-male stage version of Macbeth and the misogynistic low-budget film "The Taming of the Shrew" open simultaneously. The combustion makes "The Bard," played by comedic genius Jason D. Johnson, the most controversial screenwriter in Hollywood. Dave, a high school senior, spends most of his time pining away over a girl he can't have. Aubrey, a junior with artistic aspirations, has a hot boyfriend who doesn't quite understand her or seem to care. Although they go to different schools, Dave and Aubrey find themselves at the same party. When both head outside to get some air, they meet. A casual conversation sparks an instant connection, and, over the course of a weekend, things turn magical, romantic, complicated, and funny as Aubrey and Dave discover what it's like to fall in love for the first time. Alice owns a network of sex shops and workaholic who, in trying to reconcile the harsh routine of work and family life, suffers nervous breakdown, she is forced by her husband to go to spa. Precisely at this time, appears unique opportunity to expand its business in New York. Using fun gimmicks, risks his health, leaves spa party there with family to ride, but actually in order to facilitate their professional interests. In trying to reconcile the agendas, engage in hilarious situations and mistakes that culminate in the possible separation of the couple. Drama - When Laxmi, headmistress of a small orphanage in Nepal, is visited by a rich socialite attempting to fix her image through charitable acts, a chain of events is set in motion that affects everyone involved. Ajit, the western-savvy bush pilot, Colt, the American photojournalist and chaperone, and even Elizabeth, the spoiled British heiress, all discover their own reasons to ultimately change for the better.  -  Rachel Hurd-Wood, Gunner Wright, Suesha Rana It's the day of the Orange Parade in Glasgow, but for Jon, the thrill of leading the parade and swinging the mace soon turns to horror as he learns the truth behind the costumes and songs. A young man goes to ask a young lady on a date, but he runs into something unexpected. Cyrus, Tim and Erik were high school buddies and meet again ten years later. They spend the summer together in Brazil. All of them are occupied in dealing with experiences from their past but new developments make them face their inner conflicts and their friendship with each other Over the course of a midsummer night in Fermanagh in 1890, an unsettled daughter of the Anglo-Irish aristocracy encourages her father's valet to seduce her. A young Indian man marries a stranger to remain in Canada after his request for residency is denied. A comedy centered on the romance between an obscure novelist and his new girlfriend, who also becomes his muse. The course of true love does not run smoothly for two young lads at Norman's Cozy campsite on the Welsh coast  in the mid 80s. Two English holiday-makers, Paul, an innocent northerner from Rochdale, and  George, a jack the lad, nervy young man from London meet up. Paul has come on holiday with his domineering mum Denise and her attempts to control him, though comic, throw him further into thrall with George. Both teenagers dream of escape but their dreams go through many ups and downs in the course of 'Dream On'. Based on the play by Lloyd Eyre-Morgan. A moving love story in a time of hatred: During the civil war in Kosovo, the young Serbian widow Danica falls in love with Ramiz, a Albanian soldier who, wounded in battle, seeks refuge in her home on the Serbian side of the River Ibar. A supposed "cure" for homosexuality backfires and ends up killing off most of the female population. Vi is one of the last surviving women, in the world and with an overwhelmingly male population left on the planet. Kelly Lofton is a young, successful dentist who has all the material things a woman could ask for. However, Kelly has struggled to find time for love in her busy schedule, so when her younger sister Susan gets engaged to a seemingly perfect man and organizes an extravagant engagement party, Kelly panics. A psychological thriller about an eight year old boy named Cole Sear who believes he can see into the world of the dead. A child psychologist named Malcolm Crowe comes to Cole to help him deal with his problem, learning that he really can see ghosts of dead people. Him and her. A husband and a wife staying in a cozy hotel where you can come for just a couple of days with a risk to get stuck forever. It is so easy to get trapped in the daily routine. Indeed, nothing is more permanent than the temporary. Their time is like a flat circle. He has his phone calls and business meetings. She is wrapped in her dreams and doubts. All reactions are predictable, all conversations are learnt by heart. An endless LP record of life keeps playing again and again repeating itself. But a few things can break this tune, like a scratch on the record, a crack on a wine glass, a sudden glance or a meeting with a stranger. And then you know: tomorrow will come soon. Any moment something can go wrong, throw you off course, and force you to make a choice. Gerardo is a young man who lost everybody he loved in life. When he starts a relationship with Mar, he thinks all of the emptiness has disappeared. Now, Mar is gone. And he looks to reconnect with the people once gone from his life to help him find Mar. In the way, he begins to find himself and close the circle that was previously open. Cal Weaver is living the American dream. He has a good job, a beautiful house, great children and a beautiful wife, named Emily. Cal's seemingly perfect life unravels, however, when he learns that Emily has been unfaithful and wants a divorce. Over 40 and suddenly single, Cal is adrift in the fickle world of dating. Enter, Jacob Palmer, a self-styled player who takes Cal under his wing and teaches him how to be a hit with the ladies. The Falls is a feature film about two missionaries that fall in love while on their mission. RJ travels to a small town in Oregon with Elder Merrill to serve their mission and teach the words of Joseph Smith. Living together and sharing the challenge of leaving home, the two men help each other discover their strengths. They share a passion for their faith and learn to express their feelings, risking the only community they have for a forbidden intimacy. While fighting for the political supremacy of their respective families, a Hindu man and a Muslim woman share a forbidden romance. Based on the TV series the film follows DI Regan and DS Carter as they became embroiled in a deadly political scandal. One of the leading members of the government, Charles Baker (Ian Bannen) is about to secure a huge deal with OPEC stabilising the world oil market and boosting Britain's position within it. Baker is the rising star of government, regarded a future prime minister, who is closely controlled by his urbane, manipulative American press secretary Elliot McQueen (Barry Foster). When Regan investigates the mysterious death of a prostitute as a favour to one of his informants, he becomes aware that Baker and McQueen might be involved. A spate of killings follow - which sees Regan take on both the criminals and the hierarchy of the Metropolitan Police and British security services. In every moment we make choices that define our being; choices that create shapes and patterns and carve out our lives. Until the pattern is broken - by faith, decision or coincidence. In Real Life is about such moments, where lives are drastically changed. As a multi-plot drama, created out of three years of acting improvisations, In Real Life follows three story threads with characters who come together by internet dating and by their persistent search for some kind of meaning in life between love and sheer survival. Marine Corps Master Sgt. Jerry Ensminger was a devoted Marine for nearly twenty-five years. As a drill instructor he lived and breathed the "Corps" and was responsible for indoctrinating thousands of new recruits with its motto Semper Fidelis or "Always Faithful". When Jerry's nine-year old daughter Janey died of a rare type of leukemia, his world collapsed. As a grief-stricken father, he struggled for years to make sense of what happened. His search for answers led to the shocking discovery of a Marine Corps cover-up of one of the largest water contamination incidents in U.S. history. Semper Fi: Always Faithful follows Jerry's mission to expose the Marine Corps and force them to live up to their motto to the thousands of soldiers and their families exposed to toxic chemicals. His fight reveals a grave injustice at North Carolina's Camp Lejeune and a looming environmental crisis at military sites across the country. A romantic comedy about Jean-Marc who is a convinced bachelor and also very busy. So busy that he almost missed his own daughters wedding ceremony... Diane is a mysterious and lonely teenager. Sharing special bonds with her father Christian, she takes care of the education of her brother Marc. The arrival of Julia in the neighborhood, a charismatic and liberated young British woman, is going to disturb Diane's daily life.  Desperately willing to become an adult, Diane is going to live, for a semester, the most shattering experiences of her life. The more she gets close to Julia, the more she gets irresponsible, ignoring consequences and limits to her desires. BEIJING, NEW YORK is a touching and complex love story that bridges time, distance and culture, intertwining the lives of two Chinese childhood friends and an American artist. It is set against the backdrop of economic power shift between China and America. As the film's complex love triangle takes the audience on a wild ride, interweaving its way through the plot and each character's unique existence, it ultimately forces each of them to face life's eternal questions head-on.  BEIJING, NEW YORK is a truthful and thrilling look into the journey to find true happiness and the joy, pain and adventure that ensues when one is forced to integrate their dreams into reality. A documentary about the often funny, sometimes sad, but always outrageous lives of the residents of a southern trailer park. A teen drama set during the fall potato harvest in a small northern Maine town. Summoned by an unexpected phone call, an elderly woman visits the country cottage she lived in as a child. Memories of an orphan boy she knew 47 years ago come flooding back to her. When a young woman unexpectedly arrives at an older man's workplace, looking for answers, the secrets of the past threaten to unravel his new life.  Andhala Rakshasi is set during the innocent days of 1991. It is Center-staged on three pure hearts Surya, Gowtham and Midhuna and is about falling in love, forgetting and waiting for love. The story celebrates love as well as exposes its dark side of tormenting its patrons in pursuit of it. The three characters resemble the three celestial bodies Sun, moon and Earth. Set in motion by the force of love, the three individuals can neither come close nor cut off but are destined to revolve around the dear ones. In this pursuit of pure love they will be thrown to destinies that they never imagined Follow the adventures of Belle, a bright young woman who finds herself in the castle of a prince who's been turned into a mysterious beast. With the help of the castle's enchanted staff, Belle soon learns the most important lesson of all -- that true beauty comes from within.  A man is brought in by an infertility doctor to supply him with his sperm, where he becomes the biggest sperm donor for his clinic. A privileged girl and a charismatic boy's instant desire sparks a love affair made only more reckless by parents trying to keep them apart. Two young men -- a Palestinian grad student and an Israeli lawyer -- meet and fall in love amidst personal and political intrigue. Lily is looking for a hero for her new novel. When she finds Nino, a romantic street artist by day and a peeping tom by night, she decides to seduce him and turn him into the subject of her book - without him knowing it. She meets Nino's close friend Freddy, an ultra orthodox Jew and a gay drag artist, who is Nino's muse in the same way that Nino is Lily's. Lily sees Freddy as a threat to her manipulation of Nino and realizes she must make Nino give him up. However, the tables begin to turn on Lily when Nino uncovers her true motives , and when she finds herself falling for Nino, this time for real. When Ethan arrives at the airport just in time to declare his undying love for his girlfriend, love appears to have conquered all. The scene, however, is really the ending of Ethan's novel, which his agent calls "unrealistic." Ethan soon meets a waitress, Jesse, and falls in love with her despite her growing devotion to Troy, a charming businessman. But the line between reality and fiction becomes increasingly blurred. Plot unknown. A harmless game of "Truth or Dare" among friends turns deadly when someone--or something--begins to punish those who tell a lie--or refuse the dare. When a casino owning dog named Charlie is murdered by his rival Carface, he finds himself in Heaven basically by default since all dogs go to heaven. However, since he wants to get back at his killer, he cons his way back to the living with the warning that doing that damns him to Hell. Once back, he teams with his old partner, Itchy to prep his retaliation. He also stumbles on to an orphan girl who can talk to the animals, thus allowing him to get the inside info on the races to ensure his wins to finance his plans. However, all the while, he is still haunted by nightmares on what's waiting for him on the other side unless he can prove that he is worthy of Heaven again. When college senior Anastasia Steele steps in for her sick roommate to interview prominent businessman Christian Grey for their campus paper, little does she realize the path her life will take. Christian, as enigmatic as he is rich and powerful, finds himself strangely drawn to Ana, and she to him. Though sexually inexperienced, Ana plunges headlong into an affair -- and learns that Christian's true sexual proclivities push the boundaries of pain and pleasure. Twenty-something Sameer is a brat who thinks he can get away with anything. When he lands a lucky date with 'Chandigarh Ki Shakira', Jasleen, he decides to sneak out his Dad's brand new Maruti without a second thought. After a mad night at a pub, a fun drive around the famous Gehri route and one peck on the cheek, Sameer ends up losing the car. The car was meant to be a gift for his sister on her wedding and is probably the only thing his stingy dad, Tej Khullar ever spent money on. With only three days to find it, he must ensure his dad doesn't get a whiff of what he has done. Else, he will be turned into butter chicken. Sameer's life will be turned upside down as he comes face-to-face with some insane characters like a Bhai from chor bazaar, an old man with a rifle pointed at his nose and of course, the Chandigarh cops. One year ago on November 2, seven people sat down to dinner at the Luxembourg. One of them, Rosemary Barton, never got up. She was thought to have committed suicide due to post-flu depression. Two young guys in a bar hit on the woman they fancy by sending one of them over who tells her that the other one is terminally ill... A shocking secret, ex-lovers and the arrival of an outsider shake things up for Liz as she celebrates her birthday at a lesbian-owned resort. At first glance Maarit looks like any other woman in her early forties. There is, however, something strange under the surface. She radiates sexual energy that is hard to define.  Mike and Lenny are two buddies who dream of getting out of the trailer park. Out of desperation they resort to burglary as a means of financing Mike's college education. Their dream is jeopardized one summer day when their ploy to shoplift Near Beer begins a crime spree and a series of mishaps during which they are threatened with jail. The story of the film is loosely based on a novel named 'Godavari Kathalu', written by BVS Rama Rao. The film is set in 1986, in Bangarappeta village near Rajahmundry. Malli (Aadhi) and Chitra (Lakshmi Manchu) is a newlywed couple who are forced to battle it out against a devastating flood of the River Godavari. They lose all hope of survival, so they decide to narrate the darkest moments of their lives to each other after they find a support to rest on. Jesus Andrade (Christian Vasquez), a young thug, has decided to rob a stagecoach. At the time of the robbery he realizes that this is one of many stagecoaches of Governor Francisco Carreno (Alejandro Calva) and without giving enough importance he continues to theft, then suddenly he falls in love. A detective uncovers a formula that was devised by the Nazis in WW II to make gasoline from synthetic products, thereby eliminating the necessity for oil--and oil companies. A major oil company finds out about it and tries to destroy the formula and anyone who knows about it. A group of lifeguards attempt to kill an atomic shark that is terrorizing the coast of San Diego. Nicte is the best Tourist Guide in the Riviera Maya, her tours are full of unique adventures! She takes tourists to spectacular places where nobody dares to go: swimming in cenotes, tossing for zip lines, snorkeling with turtles and trying local delicacies are some of the experiences her customers will never forget. Suddenly, the local company she works for is bought by a multinational and Nicte will be forced to start from scratch to form her own company. Benjamin Nelson was a huge star in the 90's, one of the top musicians in his prime. After he had a devastating car accident the public was left to believe he died, and he wanted it that way. Over 10 years later Ben is coming back to see his sister in LA and also revisits his sister's roommate- the fiancee he left behind. After all this time, the few that see him push him for a comeback, not realizing the damage left by the accident and his real reason for coming back after all these years. An Indian student in Prague and a lonely New Yorker correspond online through video letters. A voyeuristic love story about aching for human connection in a hyper-connected world. When a professional wingman falls for a professional man-eater, it's only a matter of time before they realize that they're in love with the competition. Freelance writer Aoi Teshigahara (Miho Nakayama) lives in Paris, France. Sen Yagami (Osamu Mukai) is a photographer who came to Paris, France due to his younger sister Suzume's (Mirei Kiritani) insistance. Over the next 3 days, Aoi Teshigahara and Sen Yagami fall in love. Meanwhile, Suzume meets her boyfriend Kango (Gou Ayano), whom they have been in a long distance relationship. A vampire seeks out an artist to paint her a portrait so that she can see her image for the first time. An comedy set in 1960s Helsinki. The story revolves around Elsa, a resolute hatmaker who is in complete control of her life. Besides running her shop, she sometimes doubles as a fortune teller. When Jan, a Czechoslovakian jazz musician and Elsa's old lover comes to town to perform at a "peace and friendship festival", her well-organised life is jolted out of balance. The Coffee Shop takes place in a gay owned, rainbow-friendly New York restaurant and coffee house where love is constantly tossed into the blender. Sex, love, break ups, turning 30, and staying in. Multiple coincidences and a chance meeting bring together Alice and Jack, two strangers from very different family backgrounds, for an unexpected Christmastime courtship filled with personal revelations, misread signals, and a very real health scare that will either destroy or strengthen the budding romance. In the small town of Boone, North Carolina, Jonathan Caviness has a meaningful life complete with close friends and a fulfilling career. Yet something is still missing. With an unexpected phone call from Jonathan's high school sweetheart, Elizabeth Stratford steps back into his life. He travels back to his home town Jena, Louisiana to visit her, giving him a glimpse of what it is he might have been missing. But the burning question is, 'Why is she back after all these years?' Two brothers begin a battle to see who will inherit the family business. The true story of Oscar, a 22-year-old Bay Area resident, who crosses paths with friends, enemies, family, and strangers on the last day of 2008. Newlywed Molly moves into her deceased father's house in the countryside, where painful memories soon begin to haunt her. A socially awkward, heavy-set college student conducts a philosophy class experiment by conning his sexy, womanizing best friend into posing as "himself" to date a beautiful, charming woman from an online dating website. He's doing all this to prevent himself from losing his scholarship and flunking out of school. Once the truth unfolds, he realizes it was a huge mistake. Watch as the hilarity unfolds in this wacky comedy. A Berlin writer sets out with a lively kebab vendor through the Alps where she comes face to face with love, loss and a Fiat obsessed pimp. a 2012 Filipino romance-drama film directed by Mac Alejandre, starring one of the hottest Kapuso loveteams in the generation Julie Anne San Jose and Elmo Magalona. When Seung Min was on his first year at the Academy of Architecture, he met Seo Yeon. She was a musician student, and Seung Min totally fell in love with her. Years have passed, and now he meets Seo Yeon again - she asks him to rebuild her father's old house. The estranged daughter (Lauren Lee Smith) of a recently deceased filmmaker gains a new understanding of her father when she offers to create a retrospective of his work. Victoria is a taciturn and shabby young woman who walks around collecting herbs from the forest. She is homeless and sleeps in the open air. She believes in God and has kept her virginity. A young doctor called Juan Bautista, who suffers from chronic migraine, arrives in town to write his thesis on neurosurgery. Victoria falls in love with the doctor from the start. She asks help from her two-faced friend Malena who embellishes her. Malena even gives Victoria a new wardrobe and make-up. Victoria manages to be hired as the doctor's maid. Victoria makes an attempt to get closer to Juan Bautista supplying him with some herbs for his migraine trying to seduce him and to show her love for him. A young woman struggles to move on with her life after the death of her husband, an acclaimed folk singer, when a brash New York writer forces her to confront her loss and the ambiguous circumstances of his death. In this John Nesbitt's Passing Parade short, a man recovers his lost memories when he is forced to relive events in his dreams. A starry-eyed employee of a hot cosmetics company hires a dreamy photographer who is secretly indebted to a major rival -- her sketchy aunt. A straight-laced pharmacist's uneventful life spirals out of control when he starts an affair with a trophy wife customer who takes him on a joyride involving sex, drugs and possibly murder. Based on a true story, this is the love affair between a Lithuanian genius and the woman and the country he adored. Mikalojus Konstantinas Ciurlionis was born into a Lithuanian peasant family in 1875. Despite his lowly origins he soon revealed himself to be a child prodigy able to both paint and compose music of startling and often frightening intensity. Soon after he was struck down by a mysterious mental illness, which would plague him for the rest of his life. During his short lifetime, Ciurlionis produced over 300 paintings and 300 musical compositions. Supporting him throughout his short and painful life was his beloved wife, Sofija Kymantaite, a journalist and political activist. Ramiro is a journalist that after being on a car accident, develops phobia to speed. Suspended from his job, a mysterious publisher commissioned him to write the unauthorized biography of Ana Patricia Jones Ahumada, a Chilean rock legend. The investigation leads them to start a relationship, until one day she dies in a car accident. Devastated, Ramiro meets a woman of identical features and try to reconstruct it the image of his beloved, but is this a coincidence? Free adaptation of Hitchcock's Vertigo. Arjun falls for Shalini at first sight. Initially, Liya resists his advances, but later falls for his charms. When Liya's uncle Nambi , a dreaded goon, gets to know about the relationship, he makes life hell for Arjun. Thomas Nichols thinks he has life beat. He's successful, handsome, has loving friends and family and a longtime girlfriend who adores him. How can he go wrong? By being unfaithful! A boy and a girl who are friends from their childhood fight and break up during their school and college. They meet again at the age of 25 and fall in love. Three interconnected stories explore the complicated relationships of young, attractive Argentinian adults searching for true love During the seventies, the massive arrival of television in the Brazilian countryside puts in jeopardy the business of running small movie theaters. Francisgleydisson is the owner of Cine Holliudy, and he must be extremely creative to keep his passion for cinema alive. An aspiring filmmaker learns that success in Hollywood doesn't come as easy as she suspected as she attempts to discover the formula to success. When the guidance of her helpful has-been uncle fails to pave the way, Sarah Wilder must seek the advice of such Hollywood heavies as Mike Meyers, Ben Stiller, and Fred Willard -- only to discover that the old adage is true and Nobody Knows Anything about how to succeed in the cutthroat world of Los Angeles. Neo-Nazi falls in love with a woman who has a black son and finds himself fighting with conflicting feelings. An acclaimed novelist struggles to write an analysis of love in one of three stories, each set in a different city, that detail the beginning, middle and end of a relationship. Kadal Meengal is a 1981 Indian Tamil language film starring Kamal Haasan, Sujatha, Nagesh and Thangavelu. Shuichi (Tadayoshi Okura) had a motorcycle accident 4 years ago. Because of the accident, he lost the last year of his memory. One day, at a friend's wedding, Shuichi has a fateful meeting with Yoshimi (Mirei Kiritani). They enjoy happy times together and Shuichi thinks about marrying Yoshimi. Then Yoshimi becomes sick. A sad truth is hidden in the lost memory of Shuichi. Underdog baseball team wins 6 games and loses 17 games in the regular season. In a magical way, the team wins 8 games in a row to become the first high school baseball team, in any state, to win a state championship with a losing record. George, a scientist living in Rotterdam is growing wary of the world of academia. The sudden death of an old friend is the incentive he needs to return to his African roots where he takes over a dilapidated field station in the jungle of Equatorial Guinea. There he meets an orphan boy with a sunny disposition who opens George's wary eyes to this colorful place. The boy plays matchmaker between George and the lady who runs the local orphanage and all seems rosy until an old friend of George's shows up out of nowhere to throw their lives into disarray as George discovers there are many obstacles on the road to redemption and a few more where the road runs out. Cigarette Ki Tarah is an upcoming romantic thriller movie, featuring Bhoop Yaduvanshi, Prashant Narayanan, Madhurima Tuli, Sudesh Berry and others in their respective roles.The movie has an engaging story which is filled with lots of twists and turns that will keep the viewers on the edge of their seats. This romantic thriller is the story of a young and handsome guy, and how he falls in love blindly with a young beautiful girl. In precise, the story follows with how this blind love leads the guy into a deep trouble, and further separates him from other people like one man versus the entire world. In these dark situations, where one surely gives up on everything, but he doesnt, and thus keeps on believing and trusting on his blind love, which eventually and fortunately shows him all the ways to be out from all the difficulties. takes pride in calling himself a "Sesky Video Shooter". He is the star of all wedding celebrations of Anandpur Sahib, a small town in Punjab. Bittoo believes in spreading happiness through the beautiful moments he captures, moments which you can rewind and keep watching for years and smile looking at them thus making them heartfelt experiences which last forever. He falls in love with an educated and strong-headed girl who makes him realize the importance of financial stability and monetary gains in order to gain respect and recognition. Smitten in love and bitten by the one he loves, the smart and righteous cameraman is lured to take a shortcut in order to earn a quick buck and get his life back on track. What follows is a madcap ride. An aspiring dancer moves to New York City and becomes caught up in a whirlwind of flighty fair-weather friends, diminishing fortunes and career setbacks. A young boy Ankit from a middle-class family who stays in Manali with his parents falls in love with Pooja, a girl from a rich powerful family. Then he faces many challenges in his life. One of pop music's truly innovative bands, The Police were one of the most pervasive musical influences of the 1980s. Led by charismatic singer Sting, the band cultivated an artful fusion of rock and reggae that was defined by Stewart Copeland's minimalist drumming. EVERY BREATH YOU TAKE contains videos from the band's inception, including such classics as "Roxanne," "So Lonely," and the newly created clip "Don't Stand So Close to Me." The visual quality of "Every Breath You Take," which was filmed in black and white, is exceptional. Tom Lee is more interested in the arts than in sports, something that sits uneasily with both his father and his classmates. Tom's school housemaster Bill Reynolds even gives him a hard time for his "effeminate" interests. However, Bill's wife Laura sympathizes with Tom and tries to help him with her own overtures. A mistaken delivery in Mumbai's famously efficient lunchbox delivery system (Mumbai's Dabbawallahs) connects a young housewife to a stranger in the dusk of his life. They build a fantasy world together through notes in the lunchbox. Gradually, this fantasy threatens to overwhelm their reality. As the Avengers and their allies have continued to protect the world from threats too large for any one hero to handle, a new danger has emerged from the cosmic shadows: Thanos. A despot of intergalactic infamy, his goal is to collect all six Infinity Stones, artifacts of unimaginable power, and use them to inflict his twisted will on all of reality. Everything the Avengers have fought for has led up to this moment - the fate of Earth and existence itself has never been more uncertain. In the working-class Paris suburb of Montreuil, Jimmy's restaurant, the Bombay Bar, is on the verge of being closed down by creditors. Jimmy is despondent -- the fact that his wife is about to have a baby isn't helping matters -- when he and his business partner Fifi find unlikely inspiration in the form of "Riches et Sympas," a TV show dedicated to the lives of the rich and famous. Figuring that getting the "right" people to frequent their business will ensure its reputation, Jimmy and Fifi persuade Jimmy's friend, the laid-back, unemployed Mike, to pose as a nobleman and lure his moneyed associates to the Bombay Bar. Mike agrees, and after crashing a posh charity ball, he finds himself being taken in by the likes of society fixture Arthus de Poulignac and Evrard, the latter of whom ensconces Mike in his private mansion. Unfortunately, Mike soon becomes a little too fond of his newly-acquired lifestyle, leaving Jimmy to wonder what to do with the monster he unwittingly created.  Three years ago, Walter and Nadia began what seemed to to be the most unusual relationship. Getting used to the 17 year age difference was a struggle for Walter. A big struggle. All is well, until Walter's niece moves to Atlanta and falls for, Tank, Walter's womanizing, best friend. Everyone decides to keep the romance a secret. But when Walter finds out he finds himself, just being Walter. A couple lives though three different lives over different eras as destiny conspires to make them fall in love with each other, against all odds. As Chance's high school reunion approaches, she must come face to face with the one fear that she has yet to accept. In this psychedelic comedy, a lone red balloon, dearly cherished from childhood, multiplies as it leads Chance on a journey of acknowledgement. The "black sheep" son of a wealthy family meets a young psychiatric patient who's been raised in isolation her entire life. He takes the naive young woman home for his brother's wedding an improbable romance blooms, as she impresses everyone with her genuine, simple charms. Remake of the German film "Barfuss" (2005). Love's wires are crossed in this hilarious caper; strategies and misunderstandings abound as the young protagonists struggle to navigate their way through life, land jobs, and find a place to live. Ajab Gazabb Love ('Strange and Amazing Love') is a 2012 Bollywood romantic comedy film directed by Sanjay Gadhvi and produced by Vashu Bhagnani. The film stars Jackky Bhagnani opposite Nidhi Subbaiah in lead roles, along with Arjun Rampal, Darshan Jariwala and Kirron Kher in supporting roles, whilst Arshad Warsi appears in a cameo role. A contemporary, ensemble drama telling the complex tale of six high school students whose lives are interwoven with situations that so many of today's youth are faced with. The story takes place during a normal school day. At precisely 2:37 a tragedy will occur, affecting the lives of a group of students and their teachers. As the story unfolds, the individual stories of the six teenagers are revealed, each with its own explosive significance. An unwanted pregnancy unravels a terrible, dark secret; all is not as it appears for the seemingly confident school football hero; an outcast must deal with everyday taunts from his peers; a beautiful young girl battles an eating disorder; a stellar student constantly struggles to win his parents' approval; while another uses drugs to escape from his own demons. Radio funny man Adrian Cronauer is sent to Vietnam to bring a little comedy back into the lives of the soldiers. After setting up shop, Cronauer delights the G.I.s but shocks his superior officer, Sergeant Major Dickerson, with his irreverent take on the war. While Dickerson attempts to censor Cronauer's broadcasts, Cronauer pursues a relationship with a Vietnamese girl named Trinh, who shows him the horrors of war first-hand. A wealthy NRI falls hard for a country girl during a visit to his homeland. Various lives converge on an isolated island, all connected by an author whose novel has become inextricably entwined with his own life. Oru Kal Oru Kannadi is an upcoming Indian Tamil-language comedy film written and directed by M. Rajesh. It stars producer Udhayanidhi Stalin, in his acting debut, Hansika Motwani and Santhanam in the lead roles, whilst featuring Harris Jayaraj's music and K.Balasubramaniam's cinematography. The film, named after Yuvan Shankar Raja's hit song from Rajesh's debut film Siva Manasula Sakthi (2009), Still some of the Scenes are filming. It is currently in production stage and planned for release by the end of 2011.  A down on his luck man gets into an absurd but high stakes bet where he has one summer to find, and hook up with, every girl he had a crush on from 1st to 12th grade. A small-town boy needs to break through the class divide to gain acceptance from his childhood sweetheart who is in love with big city ideals.  In any Hotel, there are stories. Each guest there has one, a past, a conflict, as well as hope. Set in a hotel over the course of 24 hours, 'Checking In', tells five stories, each allowing us an insight into some of these guests. What happens when an Asian wedding goes awry? Can a one-night stand be more than just that? Will a singer regain her inspiration? And can you really get away with stealing the complimentary soap!? These are just some of the stories you will find when you 'check in'. Filmed in one long take, it's about a woman moving and her ex-boyfriend. Govinda plays role of a person who is an easy going person and Priyanka enters his life. He wants to win her over and for this he keeps making one after another mistake. In order to impress her, he tells many lies and she starts hating him.  This film is remake of successful Tamil film "Priyamudan" directed by Vincent Selva. A man and a woman who is only given so much time to live fall in love and resolves heart aching love into a bright and cheerful one. Tarzan, having acclimated to life in London, is called back to his former home in the jungle to investigate the activities at a mining encampment. An unlikely love triangle unfolds when married professor, Shyam, has an illicit affair with his student, Sandhya, who in turn is trying to be wooed by her classmate Kamal. When Will and Nora - both married to other people - meet at a motel one night, their initial attraction moves quickly into a flirtation.  But over the course of the night, as their flirtation becomes something more, they are forced to confront their reasons for crossing a line they know they shouldn't cross. One-time teen lovers reunite when the woman reveals the man to be the father of her daughter. A young couple, Pedro and Antonia, have their relationship weakening after meeting Luana. Romance, seduction, fear and anguish from the future are established in this story of liquid love. Filmed over six years in four countries: Portugal, Brazil, Colombia and United States, this romantic drama tells the story of Luzia, a Brazilian screenwriter, and Adrian, a Colombian actor, that fall in love during a film festival in 2009 and will live a fragmented love story while competing in different film festivals around the world. 22 Female Kottayam, also known as 22FK, is a 2012 Indian rape and revenge film directed by Aashiq Abu and starring Rima Kallingal and Fahad Fazil in the lead roles. The film deals with the travails of a nurse who was victimised for no fault of hers and who takes revenge on her tormentors in a rather unusual manner. Set and filmed in Bangalore, the film released on April 13, 2012, and received strongly positive reviews from critics. It was also well received at the box-office. In 2012 the comet Rose crossed the skies of the city of Barcelona and its magic that night caused 346 love stories flourish. An atmosphere of dreams, hopes and desire mixed to give a special connection between people. From these stories six are the stars of the film. A dinner among friends with a love of life is coupled with a first time for miles.  An encounter that can change their lives and revive old ties that clash with the discovery of a baby on the way. In parallel, the struggle between friendship and love strikes the last story, a clandestine love between gay athletes who have to make a tough decision. The story of two brothers, David and Jack Meredith, who grow up in a working class family in Melbourne between the First and Second World Wars. Jack is the archetypal Aussie battler, whose greatest dream is to fight for his country. David, the more ambitious and complex of the brothers, takes a path which will lead him to success and ultimately, alienation from his homeland. A dysfunctional love story about an Irish food writer and a politically committed Spanish woman. Rock Polotan (Concepcion) and Tracy Fuentebella (Dos Santos) are teenage sweethearts and both nursing students in a university in Manila are in love and full of dreams. A youthful indiscretion leads them to early parenthood, a situation they face squarely, and quite maturely, by planning to get married. They shortly realize, however, that the problem behind their wedding plans has less to do with themselves than with their own parents. In search of the remaining traces of flaneurs (19th Century wanderers of Paris), an unemployed filmmaker takes his newborn daughter on a series of poetic strolls and crosses the paths of people who help reveal the relevance of the flaneur today. A gang of crooks evade the police by moving their operations to a small town. There the gang's leader encounters a faith healer and uses him to scam gullible public of funds for a supposed chapel. But when a real healing takes place, a change comes over the gang. Lost film, only the most famous scene has survived. Following the events of Captain America: Civil War, Peter Parker, with the help of his mentor Tony Stark, tries to balance his life as an ordinary high school student in Queens, New York City, with fighting crime as his superhero alter ego Spider-Man as a new threat, the Vulture, emerges. Tired of being overlooked for bigger roles, a struggling dwarf actor sets out to be cast as the Tin Man in Martin Scorsese's remake of The Wizard of Oz. An overstressed American businessman and a French chambermaid make a connection at an airport hotel in Paris. Andrea is a 29 year old german woman who is an employee at a book store in Berlin. Piero is a 45 year old italian man who is conducting a radio show focused on Mediterranean music. One day they eventually meet each other in a cinema. They stare at each other without saying anything at all but feelings arise from their sights. After this first encounter Andrea and Piero will begin to figure out a love affair in their respective inner self between both of them. They do not know anything about each other. Gaurav and Shruti love each other unconditionally, but both share some secret about their past. Rajkumar, an aimless youth, works for a drug baron and is sent to kill a rival dealer. His life is changed forever when he meets Chanda, and has no idea she is the adopted daughter of the man he is supposed to kill. "Muffin Top: A Love Story" is the story of Suzanne (Cathryn Michon) a Women's Studies Pop Culture professor at Malibu University, who studies images of women in the media for a living, and yet is made insecure by the constant parade of female perfection that is our airbrushed culture. She has been going through IVF treatments to get pregnant by her network executive husband (Diedrich Bader), but discovers on her birthday, that her husband has knocked up his younger, skinnier, co-worker (Haylie Duff) and wants a divorce. Happy Birthday! She goes on to find a more authentic version of who she really is, despite the delights of being suddenly single in Los Angeles, where low self-esteem for women is our number one export to the world. Forty-one years after lovers Marcel and Marijke parted, a letter of request arrives from the Municipality Search Service looking for Marcel, who has now transitioned into a woman called Marcella. A teenager tries to deal with his guilty conscience after his role in a prank that causes the death of his girlfriend's older brother. Your new favorite movie is the one you're about to make. Set in contemporary Hong Kong, several young people are searching for romance and struggling to learn the difference between lust and love in an adventure that takes them to the mainland where pleasure is much more readily available. A man asks his wife for a 'leave of absence' in order to care for his mistress who is dying of cancer. Unable to maintain a single healthy relationship, twenty-five year old Brooke Miller sets out to find why she cannot stop cheating on her boyfriends. According to demon lore, it takes hundreds of years to attain human form. Even then, lacking a human heart, a demon cannot experience the true pains and passions of existence. However, there is a legend that if a pure human heart is freely offered to a demon, it can become a mortal and experience true life.  Sequel of Painted Skin (2008). The "Himawari So" ("Sunflower House") is a group home for mentally underdeveloped adults. Manga artist Itpon Aijo (Naoto Takenaka) begins to work at the "Himawari So". He moves into the home with his daughter Mako (Shihori Kanjiya), who is mentally underdeveloped. Uyan (Takayuki Takuma) is a resident at the group home. Uyan and Mako begin to develop feelings for each, but Itpon becomes worried about them. Popular pastry chef (Chi-lam) meets a nurse (Annie) and falls in love with her. Soon he realizes that she is an overly sensitive girlfriend who is also suspicious, jealous, controlling and slightly violent. She checks up on him 24-7 and screens his computer, phone, blogs and Facebook contents and messages. Desperate to get rid of his crazy love, he decides to start an investigation into her past to find out the secret behind her crazy behavior... A man and a woman come from two very different cultural backgrounds, and decide that they won't get married until they convince their parents. As feared, differences between the families pose a hurdle. Peter Parker and his friends go on a summer trip to Europe. However, they will hardly be able to rest - Peter will have to agree to help Nick Fury uncover the mystery of creatures that cause natural disasters and destruction throughout the continent. When Hollywood "Big Wig" DJ Miller heads out on a luxury vacation, his plans "accidentally" go terribly awry. He ends up on the other end of the earth and out of his element, but he learns that there are no accidents. Along the way, DJ meets a cast of characters that touch his heart, make him laugh and cause him to rethink everything that he has ever known and thought was true. His journey takes him through the highs and lows of a life that he never knew existed, and he will ultimately be put to the test when tragedy strikes. no overview yet. In this romantic tragedy, love drama, three stories are interwoven with characters that are trying to solve their emotional problems and unresolved relationships from the past during one night. Each of the characters survive their loneliness with others. Jo is chained down in a dead end supermarket job while all her friends are all out on their own separate adventures. But a chance encounter with some diamond thieves sends their separate worlds on a collision course with not only each other, but fate itself. Thor fights to restore order across the cosmos... but an ancient race led by the vengeful Malekith returns to plunge the universe back into darkness. Faced with an enemy that even Odin and Asgard cannot withstand, Thor must embark on his most perilous and personal journey yet, one that will reunite him with Jane Foster and force him to sacrifice everything to save us all. Sasha tries to get her soon-to-be ex husband Kyle laid so she can move on with her sex life guilt-free. I Hate Tommy Finch is a 2 woman show that follows the friendship/relationship of best friends from the age of 8 to 35. A look at the lives of two teenage girls - inseparable friends Ginger and Rosa -- growing up in 1960s London as the Cuban Missile Crisis looms, and the pivotal event the comes to redefine their relationship. Ridiculously good-looking superheroes Derek Zoolander and Hansel defend people from the dark forces of the fashion world. It's a classic boy-meets-girl story, boy-loses-girl, boy gets mistaken for an escaped convict and ruthlessly chased by armies of cops across the countryside in a thrill-packed stunt-addled climax. Married or dating? Then you'll love this smart, snarky, hilarious but heartbreaking film about relationships, sex &amp; love. Four couples gather for an L.A. dinner party and decide to play kissing game "Seven Minutes in Heaven." Be careful what you lust for! Ricky, a young man in his mid 20s, has been estranged from his biological father due to a divorce. He decides to move to Puerto Rico from Chicago in order to reconnect with his father and begin a new relationship. Along the way, not only does Ricky find his father, he also finds culture, faith, family, love and, ultimately, himself. Two teenage assassins accept what they think will be a quick-and-easy job, until an unexpected target throws them off their plan. The USS Enterprise crew explores the furthest reaches of uncharted space, where they encounter a mysterious new enemy who puts them and everything the Federation stands for to the test. Gilby finds himself in a tangled web of lies when the truth proves to be too much to admit and even harder to accept. Julian (Alex Gonzalez) and his friend Luis (Miguel Angel Silvestre) are two neighborhood boys who are part of a gang of violent neo-Nazis, led by Solis (Javier Bardem). After start training in a gym, Julian is transformed gradually thanks to the discipline of boxing, the nobility of his coach (Carlos Bardem) and the love of a young latin girl (Judith Diakhate). All of this takes away from the group, but Luis is not ready to accept that leave the "herd". Finding love is never easy. For Ravi Patel, a first generation Indian-American, the odds are slim. His ideal bride is beautiful, smart, funny, family-oriented, kind and--in keeping with tradition--Indian (though hopefully raised in the US). Oh, and her last name should be Patel because in India, Patels usually marry other Patels. And so at 30, Ravi decides to break up with his American girlfriend (the one who by all accounts is perfect for him except for her red hair and American name) and embark on a worldwide search for another Patel longing to be loved. He enlists the help of his matchmaker mother, attends a convention of Patels living in the US and travels to wedding season in India. Witty, honest and heartfelt, this comedy explores the questions with which we all struggle: What is love? What is happiness? And how in the world do we go about finding them? When a modern day Juliet is found dead and her lover Romeo is missing, an investigation begins while feuding families have their own agenda. A squad of National Guards on an isolated weekend exercise in the Louisiana swamp must fight for their lives when they anger local Cajuns by stealing their canoes. Without live ammunition and in a strange country, their experience begins to mirror the Vietnam experience. 'Imagine if the Sex Pistols made boots instead of music', says director Kowalski of a group of Cracow punks who make leather shoes for a living. They run their business as if they were a band of rock stars, living by their own rules, making the product by hand, heads bobbing in unison to their favourite bands. Kowalski's roots in American underground cinema make him the perfect interpreter of the punk aesthetic. Mike has felt alienated and alone for as long as he can remember, until a new boy arrives at his school - awakening feelings and a world of possibilities he'd never before dared to dream of. In a mosaic of human relationships and day-to-day situations, men and women of different ages feel a pressing need to reinvent themselves. As they cross each other's paths, they all are at a turning point in their lives. Bright days ahead? Caroline has retired, at last. A new life lies before her: time to take care of her children, her husband, and, most of all, herself. However, she soon comes to realize that this new freedom is synonymous with boredom and idleness. Especially when she receives a membership to her neighborhood's senior club as a birthday present... Reluctant at first, she nevertheless decides to take the plunge. Oddly enough, she meets great people there, starting with the young computer science teacher, who is far from insensitive to her charms. Caroline gradually takes control of her life again and lives a second youth: taking a new lover, living new experiences, breaking the rules, not doing what's expected of her... Who said that retirement was the beginning of the end and not a new beginning? A young female coal miner struggles to realize her dream of becoming a circus acrobat in this winning, life-affirming fable that is the first Western-financed fiction feature ever made in North Korea. (TIFF) Love is the Word is a moving, romantic and funny coming-of-age drama about the magic of first love and the misery of first lost, set in 1978: the year 'Grease' hit the big screen. The Untold Story of The Tragedy In Cyprus Venus came to find the truth about her parents' disappearance on her childhood home of Cyprus years ago. What begins as a personal journey starts a secret odyssey that will lead her closer and closer to unearthing Cyprus's tragic and hidden history. But in a land so deeply occupied divided, how far will Venus go for a country that is not her own? Based on the extraordinary true story of the European city's 1973 bank heist and hostage crisis that was documented in the 1974 New Yorker article "The Bank Drama" by Daniel Lang. The events grasped the world's attention when the hostages bonded with their captors and turned against the authorities, giving rise to the psychological phenomenon known as "Stockholm Syndrome." While Mike Keegan is celebrating his recent promotion to detective, in a fancy nightclub socialite Claire Gregory witnesses the murder of the owner by powerful mobster, Joey Venza. Mike is assigned to protect her in the night shift in her Manhattan apartment. When Venza threatens Claire, Mike and Claire eventually become closer--and Mike finds himself divided between the love for his family and his heated  passion for Claire and his fascination of her world. After blowing his chance to play college football by bombing the S.A.T.s, Anferny Fertado joins an underground football league at the drug store of his summer job. He joins the team to win the heart of Jada Thomas, which is the beginning of an interracial relationship, but multiple obstacles such as a rival player Donte Styles, his boss Mr. Deaton, Jada's father, Pops, and the societal pressures of middle class Cincinnati, Ohio, stand in his way. An art instructor and an English teacher form a rivalry that ends up with a competition at their school in which students decide whether words or pictures are more important. In a future where we have lost the ability to dream, people have turned to Fantasites, a parasite that induces the user's wildest fantasies. When socially awkward Charles starts using the miracle product he finally meets the girl of his "dreams." However, Fantasites come with some disturbing side effects that leave his chances with her squirming away. Elderly author Guzman is tasked with taking care of his teenage grandson David for a few days while his mother is out of town. The two are virtual strangers, having met only a few times during the boy's whole life, as a consequence of a deep rift between the cantankerous old man and David's mother. Over the course of the next few days, bonds begin to form and each sees values in the other that they'd never considered before. The question is, can this trend continue? Lionel Essrog, a private detective living with Tourette syndrome, ventures to solve the murder of his mentor and best friend -- a mystery that carries him from the gin-soaked jazz clubs of Harlem to the slums of Brooklyn to the gilded halls of New York's power brokers. High school seniors Logan and Blake prepare for an epic Spring Break as they travel to the beautiful and exotic Mexican beach resort of Puerto Vallarta hoping to hook up with their high school crushes. Surrounded by hot girls in teeny bikinis, the guys are truly in heaven. After meeting at a club, Logan falls for a mysterious local beauty named Gaby but then realizes the next morning, when his grandfather's Rolex watch is missing, that she was after more than just his heart. This film, photographed in London, is an exploration into the depths of unconscious reactions. A halfway-romantic comedy about brain damage and life after college. Andres (Jean Pierre Agostini) it's a fan of Los Leones del Caracas one of the principal baseball teams of Venezuela. Julissa (Juliette Pardau) it's a fan of Los Navegantes del Magallanes, the rival team. One day Andres gets tickets to see the game in Magallanes VIP Zone. He meets Julissa and her dad who is not only fan but one of the team's managers. Andres and Julissa will fall in love and will have to pretend to be fan of the other's team. But soon trouble will arise. When Sarah has a chance to go to a first class university and to join its premiere athletic club, her suburban mother is fearful of the change and refuses to help financially. But Sarah's roommate knows that they will get a grant if they marry. Sarah agrees but only to discover that her true heart lies elsewhere. Sarah prefers to run. Two young people are confused by their feelings for each other. Writer Harry Street reflects on his life as he lies dying from an infection while on safari in the shadow of Mount Kilimanjaro. A comedic drama about a group of people (and several robots) living on a space station in a 1970's-version of the future. When a new Assistant Captain arrives, she inadvertently ignites tensions among the crew, prompting them to confront their darkest secrets. Barely contained lust, jealousy, and anger all bubble to the surface, becoming just as dangerous as the asteroid that's heading right for them. Brought together by their shared love of music, ten years on Liam and Natalie are at breaking point. In their case opposites attract but don't necessarily work long-term. Making the difficult decision to separate, they must split their prized music library. But the soundtrack that defined their relationship keeps pulling them back together. A struggling musician falls for a charismatic burlesque dancer while getting entangled with hired guns and a border town gang bent on killing him. An introverted teen sparks with his new neighbor, and together the couple begins to explore the haunted house that is family has unknowingly just purchased. City lawyer Brad Walker (Matt di'Angelo) is having the worst day of his life. His high-maintenance girlfriend Sasha (Anna Passey) has left him for his so-called friend Tom (Christian Brassington) and to add insult to injury, he's been fired too. On a night out drowning his sorrows with old friend Dean (Jeff Leach), he overhears a conversation between Phil (Darren Ripley) and Ben (Stephen Marcus) - two drug dealers working for small-time gangster Jack (Alan Ford) - that will change his life forever... Jacob is tired of living on the family farm, submitting to the rules of his father. One day he demands an early inheritance from his father, who shocks his young son by agreeing to give it to him. So, he heads to the big city doing things his way without restraint, and for a while he does well-surprisingly well. He takes huge business risks and converts his small fortune into a big fortune, despite his extremely flamboyant lifestyle that attracts the wrong women, including seductive Laura, whose rich boyfriend Frank is often dangerously nearby. Jake had it all: money, ladies, prestige-but then-he loses it all and just when he things he's hit bottom the bottom drops some more- until he is eating out of dumpsters and eventually ends up living in a literal pig pen. Coming to his senses he heads home, determined to work in an entry level position for his dad, who surprises him once again by running to him-but is it to kiss him or kill him? Following "Paris, Je t'aime" "New York,I Love You" and "Rio, Eu Te Amo" "Tbilisi, I Love You" has become the next film in the "Cities of Love" franchise. A shy but ambitious film student falls into an intense, emotionally fraught relationship with a charismatic but untrustworthy older man. A romantic comedy about a love story between Jordanian Monaliza, and Egyptian Hamdi, set in present day Amman among a community of nosy stereotypes and quirky characters. Bob Muldoon and Ruth Guthrie, an impassioned young outlaw couple on an extended crime spree, are finally apprehended by lawmen after a shootout in the Texas hills. Although Ruth wounds a local officer, Bob takes the blame. But four years later, Bob escapes from prison and sets out to find Ruth and their daughter, born during his incarceration. After teenage ambulance driver Ernest Hemingway (Chris O'Donnell) takes shrapnel in the leg during World War I, he falls in love with Agnes von Kurowsky (Sandra Bullock), a beautiful older nurse at the hospital where he's sent to recover. Their affair slowly blossoms, until Hemingway boldly asks Agnes to be his wife and journey to America with him. Richard Attenborough directs this drama based on the real-life experiences of the famed novelist. At Phoenix Progressive School, students take notes lying on parlor couches and are encouraged to explore their gifts through electives like break-dancing and graphic-novel writing. In the midst of all this liberal pedagogy and budding talent, Molly Maxwell feels unexceptional, until she embarks on a photography independent study under the tutelage of her attractive English teacher, Ben. Their relationship quickly evolves beyond the darkroom, introducing Molly to the throes of a first love, and putting Ben's job in jeopardy. Cal Weaver is living the American dream. He has a good job, a beautiful house, great children and a beautiful wife, named Emily. Cal's seemingly perfect life unravels, however, when he learns that Emily has been unfaithful and wants a divorce. Over 40 and suddenly single, Cal is adrift in the fickle world of dating. Enter, Jacob Palmer, a self-styled player who takes Cal under his wing and teaches him how to be a hit with the ladies. Kevin is a young footballer who recently made a multimillion deal by transferring to FC Barcelona. He hardly realizes what is happening to him. Too young, too rich, too beautiful. His girlfriend Elza knows how Kevin should spend his millions. She is eagerly anticipating her birthday where Kevin will ask her the most important question of all. Kevin's grandmother Karla observes it all from the sidelines with concern. Fortunately there is the down-to-earth event planner Lizzy who shows Kevin the meaning of true love. COME SWIM is a diptych of one man's day; half impressionist and half realist portraits. A shy but ambitious film student falls into an intense, emotionally fraught relationship with a charismatic but untrustworthy older man. A cabaret dancer witnesses a murder and is forced to hide from gangsters by disguising herself as a male Princeton student. Beneath Bruce Garrett's under-confident, overweight exterior, the passionate heart of a salsa king lies dormant. Now, one woman is about to reignite his Latin fire. An ambitious and idealistic young actress comes to Berlin to convince an American ex-pat filmmaker that she must be his next muse - the leading lady of his first great German film. Eva is a divorced soon-to-be empty-nester wondering about her next act. Then she meets Marianne, the embodiment of her perfect self. Armed with a restored outlook on being middle-aged and single, Eva decides to take a chance on her new love interest Albert -- a sweet, funny and like-minded man. But things get complicated when Eva discovers that Albert is in fact the dreaded ex-husband of Marianne... Srinivas is a gullible lover who gets used by girlfriends for his money. Shreya is fed up with guys who wants to take their friendship to next level in order to have a physical relationship. They happen to meet each other when they decided to not to fall in love. Their relationship starts with hatred and lies. The rest of the story is all about how Srinivas and Shreya unite after many twists and turns Nick and Meg Burrows return to Paris, the city where they honeymooned, to celebrate their 30th wedding anniversary and rediscover some romance in their long-lived marriage. The film follows the couple as long-established tensions in their marriage break out in humorous and often painful ways. 27-year-old Sakumi Shimura lost the last 10 years of her memory from a car accident. Sakumi can only remember events up to when she was 17-years-old, but she accepts her fate and tries to stay positive. Nevertheless, Sakumi is bothered by the loss of her memory. She tries to remember with the help of Yoshihiko, who thinks of himself as her boyfriend and her friend from their high school days. Hanya Aku Cinta Kau Seorang" (H.A.C.K.S.) tells the tale of a woman named Murni who is on a quest to find her soulmate. Her best friends Mukhlis and Stacy then convince her to sign up for "Meet Soulmate", an online dating site. Although Murni is wary about meeting men online, she reluctantly agrees to do so. In actuality, Murni likes Mukhllis, whom she has done everything with, but she was heartbroken when she is led to think that Mukhlis is gay, and currently dating a man named Ayim. Soon, Murni befriends Iqwal, and just as she was about to fall for him, an incident happens that leads her to think that Iqwal is gay as well... Will Murni ever be able to find her soulmate? Veera Narasimha Naidu (Prabhu) is a faction leader in Kurnool who raised his sister Saraswati (Seetha) with love and Affection to make her forget the loss of their Mother. During the marriage time, she eloped with Basha (Suman), whom she loved which led the death of Narasimha Naidu's Father. Thus enraged Narasimha Naidu cuts the leg of Basha which created a rift between the two families. On a case to win the property belonging to Saraswati, Basha wins the case on Narasimha Naidu after a long gap of 25 years. Seeing the sorrow of Saraswati, her son Sulaiman (Vishnu Manchu) vows to unite the two families and waits for a situation. What will you do when falling in love with someone? Give it attention, dating him, or bury your feelings? If the question is given to Deon (Deva Mahenra), Mona (Karina Barbie), and Rico (Duke dolken), they will be compact answer: propose him/her! Yes, Deon whose cross his heart to Fira (Nina Zatulini) unceremoniously asked her to marry. Starting with propose process more similar to MLM presentation, Fira in the end is accept the Deon propose. Mona too. Realizing that she discovered her love to Emil (Dwi Sasono) who has already married, she volunteered to be a his second wife. Rico also dare come propose Aida (Bianca Liza), even though he realizes that he has not been established. Although ultimately unsuccessful in the end. Emil went away after repeatedly "ask for GOD forgiveness" and Aida chose to marry another man already established, but both have shown one thing: if you truly in love, JUST PROPOSE HER/HIM! People from diverse social backgrounds, races and ages manage grief through its different phases. Two internet anarchists wreak havoc on the world, and each other. When the Lemon Drop Kid accidentally cheats gangster Moose Moran (Fred Clark) out of his track winnings, the Kid promises to repay Moose the money by Christmas. Creating a fake charity for "Apple Annie" Nellie Thursday, the Kid tricks his gang into donning Santa suits and "collecting dough for old dolls" like Nellie who have nowhere to live. Radio personality Marilyn Maxwell assists as the Kid's girlfriend, while William Frawley and Jay C. Flippen play the lovable, gruff crooks that fall for the Kid's Santa scam. Recovering from an ill-fated affair with a married man, Gabe finds solace in the relationship he maintains with his ex-wife and daughter. On the other side of town, Ernesto evades life at home with his current live-in ex-boyfriend by spending much of his spare time in the hospital with an ailing past love. Impervious to the monotony of their blue-collar world, they maintain an unwavering yearning for romance. The emotional isolation the two men have grown accustomed to is captured in a subtle, optimistic, poetic fashion while avoiding melodrama. Locked in her cell, a murderer reflects on the events that have led her to death row. Bee is falling in love with her senior surgeon co-worker. But his girlfriend who recently died in an accident isn't quite ready to give him up yet. A small business owner is about to lose her shop to a major corporate development. Cameron Esposito decided to do something a bit different for her bachelor party: record her first standup special. Filmed in Cameron's hometown Chicago just two days before her wedding, the special covers everything from the secrets of a women's locker room to gun control to marriage equality and proves that, yes, Cameron Esposito is Marriage Material. Following a city councils decision, a women's shelter will soon be closed and social workers have only three months to accommodate the residents. It's a new school year at the local Junior High School i Kamakura. The school year starts off with a new transfer student Ryoichi Kyogoku who joins the 8th grade class. He has been ordered to join the school, and use his special gift of telepathy and take over their school. This boy who happens to be handsome, and be a charismatic person, gains popularity, and using his powers takes over the entire school, except for Seki. This begins a war to regain their freedom for their school and themselves. The daughter of a star quarterback is falsely accused of  drug smuggling while visiting a small Caribbean island. After his attempts to get her out of jail fail, his coach and teammates show up in full football gear and armed to the teeth, ready to free her by any means necessary. A recently dumped and unemployed man in his 30s decides to moonlight as the 'son' of his childhood hero, a bygone local celebrity Horror Host named Ghostman. When his videos go viral, he must settle an old score with a high school rival and figure out where his life is headed, all while keeping his identity secret from a new woman in town he's fallen for. Two strangers meet and fall in love during the weekend that they are planning their respective weddings. Wallace, who is burned out from a string of failed relationships, forms an instant bond with Chantry, who lives with her longtime boyfriend. Together, they puzzle out what it means if your best friend is also the love of your life. June Bennett goes to Yorkshire to marry one of the richest men in Britain. Despite being twice her age, she knows what she is doing. A farmer lost his wife and is anything but looking for a new romance. But when a popular TV dating show plans to film a new episode on his farm, he is lured into becoming a participant in the show to save his farm. A youngster goes on a road trip with the girl of his dreams and but an accident leads things to spiraling out of control. Based on the novel's trilogy of the same name, by Erico Verissimo, Time and the Wind follows 150 years of family Terra Cambara and their opponent Amaral family. The history of struggles between the two families begins in the missions and runs until the end of the 19th century. The film also features the period of formation of the State of Rio Grande do Sul and the dispute of territory between the Portuguese and Spanish crowns A Hans Zimmer concert featuring his film music accompanied by magical lighting effects. Shelley is living a carefree life until a rival gets her tossed out of the Playboy Mansion. With nowhere to go, fate delivers her to the sorority girls from Zeta Alpha Zeta. Unless they can sign a new pledge class, the seven socially clueless women will lose their house to the scheming girls of Phi Iota Mu. In order to accomplish their goal, they need Shelley to teach them the ways of makeup and men; at the same time, Shelley needs some of what the Zetas have - a sense of individuality. The combination leads all the girls to learn how to stop pretending and start being themselves. A young girl runs away from her carnival family to make it in New York and becomes involved with a young songwriter. In this "beautifully intimate and utterly unique piece of cinema", Toby Amies crosses the line between filmmaker and carer, trying to cope with the strange and hilarious world view of the fragile eccentric, Drako Zarharzar. A love story. When Ricky Miller, a single, quiet 40-year old aspiring writer and manager of Debbie's (think Denny's) and probably the last person you'd notice in a crowd is 'hit by lightning' and meets the love of his life, the beautiful Danita on E-Happily.com, he is catapulted into a relationship online but it's a lot more than what he bargained for - this includes being asked to kill! Hounded by his best friend Seth who thinks no "10" would even go out with a guy like Ricky unless she had ulterior motives (or needed glasses), Ricky starts to get skeptical himself. Turns out, Danita confesses she's actually married to a handsome affable crime novelist and former Rabbi, Ben Jacobs. Is Danita telling Ricky the truth when she says wants to leave her husband but fears for her life if she does? Will Ricky go through with the plan to kill him so he and Danita can live happily ever after? A girl faces losing a college scholarship after a sports injury until she gets help from a team of professionals. 10 Things I Hate About Life follows two desperate souls saddened by childhood trauma who meet while each is attempting to commit suicide. In 1950s New York, a department-store clerk who dreams of a better life falls for an older, married woman. A teenage girl named Mary has turned away from her faith in God and rebels against her Christian family. She doesn't really see the point of being a Christian, and she doesn't see the error of her ways. However, when she and her friends go to a party one night, she learns a truly valuable life lesson. Los Angeles, 1958: a detective holes up in a downtown hotel awaiting killers to come get him. During the course of one night he will meet various occupants of the hotel and the truth of how he came to be in his present situation will be revealed.  Tessa Young is a dedicated student, dutiful daughter and loyal girlfriend to her high school sweetheart. Entering her first semester of college, Tessa's guarded world opens up when she meets Hardin Scott, a mysterious and brooding rebel who makes her question all she thought she knew about herself -- and what she wants out of life. BELLE is inspired by the true story of Dido Elizabeth Belle, the illegitimate mixed race daughter of a Royal Navy Admiral. Raised by her aristocratic great-uncle Lord Mansfield and his wife, Belle's lineage affords her certain privileges, yet the color of her skin prevents her from fully participating in the traditions of her social standing. Left to wonder if she will ever find love, Belle falls for an idealistic young vicar's son bent on change who, with her help, shapes Lord Mansfield's role as Lord Chief Justice to end slavery in England The story revolves around the three characters and showcases the love trap which Nirvaan throws for Natasha hiding the fact that he is married to Radhika. The love mystery unravels as destiny has something else planned for Nirvaan. The story of Charlie Darby, who has everything going for him: a great job, friends, family, the whole package. The one thing Charlie doesn't have is love, because every time he gets close, he goes clinically insane. When he meets the perfect girl, Charlie must overcome his psychosis to claim his chance at true love. Documentary film about The Beatles rehearsing and recording songs for the album Let It Be in January 1969. The film features an unannounced rooftop concert by the group, their last performance in public. Released just after the album, it was the final original Beatles release. This film has not been commercially available since the 1980s. This is a fast-paced comedy about a 40-year-old gay man who finds himself dating two equally lovable men - a secure 50-year-old who came out later in life, and an adventurous 30-year-old who wasn't looking for a relationship. What he doesn't find out right away is that the two men are, in fact, father and son. And as they say, wackiness ensues. The archetypical renegade Texas Ranger wages war against a drug kingpin with automatic weapons, his wits and martial arts after a gun battle leaves his partner dead. All of this inevitably culminates a martial arts showdown between the drug lord and the ranger, and involving the woman they both love. During the Civil War, a Union spy, Andrews, is asked to lead a band of Union soldiers into the South so that they could destroy the railway system. However, things don't go as planned when the conductor of the train that they stole is on to them and is doing everything he can to stop them. Based on a true story. In the vein of MEET THE PARENTS and GUESS WHO'S COMING TO DINNER, ANITA HO follows down-on-his-luck Harry Ho, who finally decides to propose to his girlfriend, Anita, on her 30th birthday. But when Anita decides to spend her birthday in Las Vegas with her entire family - who has never met Harry - the fireworks begin! Unbeknownst to the young couple, Anita's traditional Chinese parents have a nice Chinese doctor in mind for Anita, and they don't approve of Harry, an unpaid Korean writer. A popular magician seeks help from a psychiatrist to protect him from a witch that has haunted him since childhood. Diya, young woman who wishes to become a dancer enters into an arranged marriage. As she spirals closer to her wedding day she realizes that she has no feelings for her betrothed but  is in love with her best friend, Kiran. They begin an affair but soon are found out... A couple try to repair their damaged union in an Italian vacation paradise. Then they discover the owner's intentions. After Paul D. finds his old slave friend Sethe in Ohio and moves in with her and her daughter Denver, a strange girl comes along by the name of "Beloved". Sethe and Denver take her in and then strange things start to happen... Two years after the death of his beloved wife, Pat O'Brien (Tommy O'Neil) summons his children back to their homestead in the west of Ireland. Fionn (Liam McMahon) travels from New York, Gareth (Emmett Hughes) from London, and daughter Una (Slaine Kelly) returns from Dublin, fearing the worst. Pat is not the only family member bearing the burden of a secret. The O'Briens is a modern comedy about a dysfunctional Irish family and the town they grew up in. Set in colonial times, the stooges are convicted criminals who are banished from England to the American colonies. When they arrive, they find that the colonists are starving because the local Indians won't let them on their hunting grounds. The stooges go hunting any, and after a wild chase, are captured by the Indians. They escape and another wild chase ensues. Steve is a college freshman who plays tennis for the school. But he falls desperately in love with Shelly, also a tennis player. It's all downhill from there. Steve can't eat, he can't sleep, his grades drop, and he gets kicked off the tennis team. What can he do? Well, his resourceful friend suggest turning Steve into a woman in order to get him close to Shelly who doesn't know he is alive. A successful young man must return to his childhood small town in Texas to help his father. His father, who's ill, wants him to take over the family business, a dilapidated bar. Secretly the young man wants to burn down the bar because he blames it for the death of his own mother and the illness of his father. Beautifully shot in black and white, it blends conventional narrative technique with impressionistic camerawork, symbols and voiceovers to create an intimate study of sexual expression and repression. It begins with footage from a stylish old potboiler about an isolated convent, whose tale of passions leashed and unleashed provides the leitmotif for a young lesbian who watches it and the lonely nun she pursues and seduces. As the two women's lives come closer to joining, voiceovers from the biography of a 16th century lesbian nun and the reminiscences of a woman's closeted romances at a Catholic school flesh out the theme. When the two women finally meet and make love, the woman's careful unwrapping of the nun's complicated prison of clothing is both foreplay and liberating metaphor. An emotionally troubled teenager gets into a passionate relationship with the older French woman working in his father's house. Headfirst is a black comedy about a single mother with anger management problems and her teenage daughter who is always in trouble at school. With yet another school comes a new teacher and a blast from the past for the mother. Before long, an accidental pickpocket and a notoriously lousy storyteller teams up with this one dysfunctional sort of a family. Nothing is the same anymore. Headfirst is a story about missing teeth, strange friends, hidden dreams and long-gone love. And about a hare. The story of the forbidden relationship between a 'low born' boy and a 'high born' girl in an alternate reality where every person's relationships and life worth are determined by their innate 'frequencies'. Rabba Main Kya Karoon is a roller coaster ride, which centres around a big - lavish Delhi wedding. Before Dawn on New Year's Day, six friends will tell each other everything and anything they wanted to say or admit to each other, without repercussions. But that's easier said than done. Kesavan and Murugan are content to live out of their fathers pockets, whiling away time with their buddies and wooing their respective lovers. How do they turn responsible adults? Collegemates Karthik and Shweta fall in love and take it to the next level but the girl soon discovers that she is pregnant. And, when the parents find out, the consequences are startling. Buenos Aires screenwriter Pablo is hired to write a new romantic comedy. As he begins his story, he visualizes his characters living in Madrid. Pablo creates a meet-cute between Marina and Victor, a cute couple in Madrid who are soon totally in love. Yet as Pablo gets more and more into the script, he finds it difficult to separate his movie characters from what is happening in his own real life - specifically, his own love life. Akaash Vani is a romance film directed by Luv Ranjan, and produced by Kumar Mangat Pathak and Abhishek Pathak under the banner Wide Frame Pictures. After the cult hit Pyaar Ka Punchnama, AkaashVani is the second film from this producer-director duo. "Geek USA" is a quirky romantic comedy filled with 90s nostalgia about a high school senior in a rock band who suddenly goes from zero social life to having three very competitive dates for prom. After giving up on making it in the Chicago improv scene, a young comedian fatefully reconnects with the former love of his life one fall night while working at a coffee shop in his hometown. Afraid of growing old and alone like his divorced father, Warren must choose between winning her back or finding the courage to go after his dreams a second time. Salvador Mallo, a filmmaker in the twilight of his career, remembers his life: his mother, his lovers, the actors he worked with. The sixties in a small village in Valencia, the eighties in Madrid, the present, when he feels an immeasurable emptiness, facing his mortality, the incapability of continuing filming, the impossibility of separating creation from his own life. The need of narrating his past can be his salvation. Ana and Alberto get married. Their best friends warn them about the seven year itch: the usual time when a couple starts experiencing big problems in their relationship. We will follow Ana and Alberto on their marriage until they reach their seven year itch. Romantic Drama starring  Nathan Sutton, Elisha Skorman, Michael Mosley From Director Brandon Ho &amp; Writer Joseph Reidhead comes the Romantic Comedy "Missed Connections" a story about love, identity, the universe, and well, sandwiches.  Marc Reid (Kevin O'Keefe), a discouraged romance novelist, is setup on a blind date with girl named Melissa by his over excited sister Julia (Sarah Kent). Marc, a little less than enthusiastic, ends up picking up Jessie (Tatum Langton) instead of Melissa from the apartment complex. As the night unfolds Jessie and Marc meet up with old friends Gary (Bryce Chamberlain) and Mary (Renny Grames) and make a couple of new friends along the way.  Things are complicated by Jessie's boyfriend Trent (Lawrence Fernandez). But will Jessie and Marc be able to find love? Can Jessie help Marc rediscover romance and his passion of writing or are they cursed to simply be another missed connection? A man tries to keep his partner from straying by romancing the object of the man's affections himself. The story depicts two star-crossed lovers: Marcus Hanson, a Thai superstar, and Joey Hermosa, a Filipina baker. When Marcus decides to fly to Philippines to escape from his career, he meets Joey. Even though their worlds collide, the two later fall in love. But their relationship is tested by conflicts from their worlds. When Tora-san's infatuation with his nephew's school teacher causes family turmoil, he leaves on his travels again. When he returns, he falls in love with the teacher's mother. Japanese sixties comedy featuring a cunning female jewel thief named Black Lizard who tries to kidnap Sanaye, a wealthy jeweler's beautiful daughter as part of a plot to steal the jeweler's expensive "Star of Egypt" diamond. To thwart the planned kidnapping, the jeweler hires Japan's number one detective, the brilliant Akechi. This sets off a dual between Black Lizard and Akechi as each tries to outwit the other. In the process, the two adversaries develop a mutual respect and affection for each other. Despite Akechi's efforts, Black Lizard and her crew are able to kidnap Sanaye and gain possession of the "Star of Egypt". Black Lizard takes Sanaye to her secret lair on a remote island which is populated by an eerie collection of naked human dolls. There Black Lizard plans to preserve Sanaye's beauty forever by turning her into one of her dolls. As Sanaye's doom quickly approaches, it is up to Akechi to save the day.  Lily is a young woman stuck in a violent relationship with James whom she no longer loves. After several years of physical abuse, Lily has now become a silent and obedient victim who's everyday task is to please James and submit to his demands and authority in order to save herself. Lily's true love is Zac, a past boyfriend who has started to spend a lot of time around the couple and begins to question Lily's injuries before discovering the truth. The bitter fight for supremacy between the three most popular girls at North Gateway High takes an unexpected turn when their classmate, Tanner, is outed and becomes the school's first openly gay student. The trio races to bag the big trend in fashion accessories, the Gay Best Friend, while Tanner must decide whether his skyrocketing popularity is more important than the friendships he is leaving behind. A man listens to his wife and fakes his own death so that she can get her hands on his insurance policy. A German girl travels to Israel to help people with disabilities, where she learns a lot about the role of her grandparents in WWII and meets a man who wants to move to Berlin. INDIA BLUES is an edgy, bold and passionate love story between two young men who are sometimes afraid to love each other. When a professor develops a vaccine that eliminates human allergies to dogs, he unwittingly upsets the fragile balance of power between cats and dogs and touches off an epic battle for pet supremacy. The fur flies as the feline faction, led by Mr. Tinkles, squares off against wide-eyed puppy Lou and his canine cohorts. Using a 1945 Charlie Parker song, American indie animator, George Griffin greets us with a dizzying dance of torn Pop Art images. Shreds of consumer culture flash before us, swayed and absorbed by the tempo and power of Parker's horn. Khwaab is a story about the birth of a dream, of ambition and the fierce passion to achieve that dream amidst unceasing tribulations. This intense personal journey is set in the larger, bureaucratic world of Indian sports. It illustrates why a country with a population of 1.2 billion people cannot produce medal-winning athletes. How sheer, raw talent gets wasted or destroyed by corrupt politicians and power hungry bureaucrats. Khwaab is the story of one such athlete and her struggle to succeed in the cut-throat, debauched and mired world of Indian sports. At last, Josephine has found her perfect non-smoker-cat-loving-amazing-cook-perfect-man-soulmate. They've been in love for two years and everything is peachy. Until she realizes she's... pregnant. Time for Josephine to transform her life, mature into a responsible adult, not become like her mother, get a job, hold on to her man, refrain from falling out with her friends, and tell her sister, who's been crashing at her place, that she's got to move out. A bunch of overwhelming challenges that Josephine will have to face in her own, special way. Based on a stage play of the same name by Amy Nostbakken and Norah Sadava, the story follows Cassandra as she tries to organize the affairs for her mother's funeral. After she drives drunk and hits an old woman, a famous novelist is threatened with a law suit by the woman's son... unless she lets him publish his manuscript under his name. Industrial Hitachi City is the location for this post-3.11 drama. Still recovering from the tsunami, Shiori receives news of her husband's accidental death, which marks the start of a personal recovery that mirrors the town's for Shiori as well as forgiveness of surviving coworker Takumi. After leaving the British Secret Service, David Somers (played by Trevor Howard) finds work cataloging butterflies at the country house of Nicholas and Jess Fenton. After the murder of a local gamekeeper, suspicion (wrongfully) falls on their niece, Sophie Malraux (Jean Simmons). Somers helps Sophie to escape arrest and they go on the run together. After a cross-country chase they arrive at a coastal city with the intention of leaving the country by ship. All's well that ends well after the true identity of the murderer is revealed. Persona Non Grata in his homeland, protest singer Klaus Drittemann must leave East Berlin, his wife and child and emigrate to West Berlin, where the representatives of an American record company are eagerly waiting for him. They plan to exploit his defection from communism both ideologically and financially. But Klaus, as ill-at-ease in the West as he was in the East, is reluctant to be used as an expendable commodity. Leaving his contract unsigned (or signed in his manner), he leaves for Cambridge to meet his father, a concert player, who -just like him - left East Berlin thirty years ago as Klaus was a little boy. He is accompanied by a young French journalist, Emma, who knows where his father has been living since he disappeared for more than a decade. The young lady is cooperative but might hide things from him... Dian (Lisa Surihani), a sweet and naive blogger, travels to Istanbul in hopes of convincing her medical student boyfriend Azad (Tomok) to propose to her. She rents out an apartment, not knowing that it is already leased to quirky and shy artist Harris (Beto Kusyairy). Despite the unwanted roomate, Dian tries to make the most out of her sticky situation and conceal it from Azad. But when Azad eventually finds out and leaves her, Dian has to decide whether she should run and fight for Azad or stay and discover if Harris is the one who is meant for her. A man becomes lured into a fictional game his ex-girlfriend has initiated. Sexually ensnared by her, and now realizing the fragility of the border between the real and the imagined, he begins to unravel. He convinces himself that if he can only write an ending to his life story, he can regain control of his life. But playing with fiction is not an innocent game... Otto Wall is just a little unlucky in life, and unbeknownst to him, in love. When his wife suddenly asks for a divorce, he bounces between a search for answers, desperate attempts to stay connected to his daughter, and his fateful reentry into the dating pool. "A love letter to Calcutta," declares Mainak. "It's about a typical Bengali family of dadu (grandfather), parents and three brothers and their love interests. Then there's the Marwari community which plays a big part in today's cosmopolitan Calcutta. This is a film about the Calcutta we see now. It's urban and young and yet the Bong idiosyncrasies are very much there." After nearly getting caught by the dreaded "Bat Guards" for placing political posters, Hawar meets the lovely Hiro, a young girl who offers him shelter and helps him hide from the brutal secret police. In Hiro, Hawar finds a kindred spirit that like himself yearns for freedom and self-expression under a suppressive regime. Hiro's brother Shooresh supports Hawaar's underground activities and is sympathetic to Hawaar's feelings for his sister. But Hiro's cousin Houmayoun is also courting Hiro. He has long set his eye on the girl, and his dubious loyalties and secret dealings with the government put the three others, and all they aspire to, at risk. They set out to flee to neighboring Turkey, but the journey puts them in even more danger than they were in before. Rajjo is a 2013 Indian romantic musical produced by Four Pillars Entertainment and directed by Sahitya Akademi Award winning writer Vishwas Patil. It stars Kangana Ranaut and newcomer Paras Arora in the lead roles and its supporting cast includes Prakash Raj, Mahesh Manjrekar and Jaya Prada. The film released in theatres on 15 November 2013.[2][3] The film that earned 2 crores at the domestic box office bore a loss of 10 crores on the venture. VERNON RICHARDSON and IMANI TOWNSEND meet unexpectedly at a cozy Jazz club, unpretentious, and unaware, they're a match made for heaven on a popular internet dating website. They fall in love with the people they really are, but the influence of life's circumstances and false expectations keep them apart. However, their pseudo internet personalities keep them closer than they know. Vernon, an aspiring writer, takes a job at Townsend Publishing, run by Imani, setting up the ultimate serendipitous showdown with destiny...the two Vernons and the two Imanis shall certainly meet. His game of borrowing cars and money to impress the love of his life is soon discovered, leaving Imani heartbroken, so he makes a promise to make it up to her if she will just give him a second chance at a first impression. A bright, modern, refreshing and romantic comedy. Andrea is a receptionist and loves soap opera star Sam Lloyd Pascual. When Sam Lloyd Pascual checks in to the resort hotel she works in, he invites her for a romantic dinner. She now has a chance to make fantasy love a reality but this turns out tragically.  Slacker Max fell so hard for single mother Alice in college that he developed a website aimed at winning her heart. Years later, after his venture has earned him millions of dollars, Max risks his entire fortune performing an ever more complicated series of social contortions to get close to Alice, now a politically motivated factory worker. Orbiting above a planet on the brink of war, scientists test a device to solve an energy crisis and end up face-to-face with a dark alternate reality. After serving six years for killing his schoolmate, a young man learns that someone is out for revenge. Four former harlots try to leave the wild west (Colorado, to be exact) and head north to make a better life for themselves. Unfortunately someone from Cody's past won't let it happen that easily. A look at the life and work of legendary photographer Elsa Dorfman, whose subjects have included such friends as Allen Ginsberg, Bob Dylan, and Jonathan Richman. my best friend everyone A Gen Y love story presented as a fetish sex drama, submerge explores the need of Gen Y for constant stimulation and instant gratification underpinned by a sense of entitlement. It pushes young adults to believe they can have it all, despite a plethora of competing demands from social media, family, and peers. A young man (Shaheizy Sam) is found guilty of a crime he did not commit and he has 8 hours to find out the truth and prove his innocence. Cuco, a mexican parrot, goes on an adventure from Mexico to Hollywood in order to get help from El Americano, a famous superhero from TV, against an evil band of birds trying to take control of his family's beloved circus. In Eli Regrets, we are submerged in the darkly comical life of a presumptuous teenager as he is faced with his impending manhood. As Eli enters into the world of timid love, hard drugs, and spilt milk, he must overcome his fears or face the ultimate regret of not knowing. Nagayakshi is a celestial creature of lust who comes to Earth, mates with virginal men and kills them after she orgasms. Things take a turn when she falls in love with two mortal non-virginal men. Darius Weems, a 15-year-old with Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy, had never left his hometown of Athens, Georgia. In the summer of 2005, he and a group of young college students traveled across the country in a wheelchair-accessible RV to test accessibility in the United States. Their ultimate goal was to reach Los Angeles and convince MTV's hit show, "Pimp My Ride," to customize Darius's wheelchair. Along the way, they found joy, brotherhood, and the knowledge that life, even when imperfect, is always worth the ride. Charlie Trevor and a girl Savannah is a thought provoking action/thriller about reality verses the dream state. Trevor has been having nightmares about his girlfriend Savannah. He begins to question what is true in his present life verses the perception in his waking dream. Even though this film can come off dark our goal was to express a universal message that can seem complicated, but is as simple as exploring the Mind, Body and Soul. Once we are able to accept these 3 traits of ourselves, we will realize this balance is just the beginning to life and self-discovery to the higher being. But, it first starts with Love, Trust and Faith. Meet, Charlie, Trevor, and A Girl Savannah Errol Flynn, the swashbuckling Hollywood star and notorious ladies man, flouted convention all his life, but never more brazenly than in his last years when, swimming in vodka and unwilling to face his mortality, he undertook a liaison with an aspiring actress, Beverly Aadland. The two had a high-flying affair that spanned the globe and was enabled by the girl's fame-obsessed mother, Florence. It all came crashing to an end in October 1959, when events forced the relationship into the open, sparking an avalanche of publicity castigating Beverly and her mother - which only fed Florence's need to stay in the spotlight. Stop-motion animated short film in which, among other things, a man made of wire looks malevolent. On a golden afternoon, young Alice follows a White Rabbit, who disappears down a nearby rabbit hole. Quickly following him, she tumbles into the burrow - and enters the merry, topsy-turvy world of Wonderland! Memorable songs and whimsical escapades highlight Alice's journey, which culminates in a madcap encounter with the Queen of Hearts - and her army of playing cards! Dr. Jack Hammond has best chances to become medical superintendent in the clinic. So he's completely absorbed in his work and has no understanding for his teenage son Chris' problems with school. By accident one of them drinks a brain-exchanging serum, and it switches their identities. This leads of course to extraordinary complications in school and at work, but also to insight in the problems and feelings of each other. Jang Nara plays He Qianqian, the only daughter of a wealthy man. She gets kidnapped by paraglider Xu Yifan played by Jimmy Lin. They crash in a remote forest and fall in love. A modern day love story, set in Manchester, about how coincidences bring two strangers together and take them on an eventful and beautiful life changing adventure, in just one day. Would-be lovers spend a weekend away from their spouses. Let the drag-off begin! When Conner first meets Devin, he feels an instant attraction to him. However, soon Conner's nemesis, the Puerto Rican drag queen Adora wants Devin all to herself. Conner soon realizes the only way to compete with a drag queen is to become a drag queen. With the help of his club friends, Conner must make it his mission to destroy Adora if he wants to win back Devin. On the day they spontaneously divorce after being married for less than a month, magician Tao Xiaolei and air hostess Zhou Jing hear they have won a free honeymoon down in Sanya, Hainan Island. Chaos ensues when Zhou Jing is suddenly kidnapped for a US$150,000 ransom. The film, a romantic drama, is about the shades of love that vary in a relationship woven around three individuals. No overview found. The Antarctica glaciers are heading in our direction three millimeters every year. One challenge is to calculate when they will arrive, using film to predict what will happen. Oft-nude blog star Elenore is winding her way through the power dynamics of a relationship with a powerful business woman when she meets Eugene, a married office drone. The two begin a peculiar pseudo-sexual relationship wrought with role playing and cloaked in a form of semi-anonymity that can only come from digitally-born casual relationships. A marriage in crisis can survive! Set in Arizona against the national debate over immigration, infidelity and the Internet, "Love a la Carte" pokes fun at subjects that usually make people upset. Here is a comedic fantasy about one couple's struggling marriage and why despite all the reasons their relationship might break apart, their union is stronger together, for better or worse. When Lou's romantic plot to win the heart of his model congress running-mate falls apart, he's forced to improvise. After weeks of traveling through Europe, the immature William finds himself in Copenhagen, the place of his father's birth. He befriends the youthful Effy, who works in William's hotel as part of an internship program, and they set off to find William's last living relative. Effy's mix of youthful exuberance and wisdom challenges William unlike any  woman ever has. As the attraction builds, he must come to grips with destabilizing elements of his family's sordid past. The height of gaiety on Piao Dao. Merchants and pirates may have their treasures but the biggest prizes are the sensational twin singing courtesans, who are ripe for deflowering. Known as The Rippling Sisters of Flower Street they dazzle customers with their flirtatious duets and tantalizing beauty. But the jewels of Piao Dao cannot be had with money alone. Admirers must also contest for their hearts. As a renowned producer and close associate of Dan Rather, Mary Mapes believes she's broken the biggest story of the 2004 election: revelations of a sitting U.S. President's military service. But when allegations come pouring in, sources change their stories, document authenticity is questioned, and the casualties begin to mount. Four episodes where the end of the world comes as the different ways of understanding cinema directors: with humor, or action, from the thriller, drama or romance. So, join a psychopathic murderer faced with the need to complete their master plan, a fierce battle for gaining access to alleged bunkers offering salvation hopeless romantics an invasion of desperate hunt for the love of his life and a pregnant about to give birth to the last baby on the planet. Liu Tong (Hu Xia) is a computer programmer in a film and television studio he is a small potato who is quiet, stubborn and solitary. His beautiful colleague Yang Jia (Cecilia Liu) is adored and pampered by all. She has an innocent aura and could almost pass as an princess in a fairytale. Many people in the company are attracted to her, including her covetous boss. But Yang remains stubbornly single. Liu pays close attention to Yang, helping her resolving her harassment problem with courage and wisdom. In order to protect herself from the boss, Yang always pretends to faint at the right moment. During these times, Liu stays by her side. One day he comes up with the groundbreaking idea of making Yang believes that she can leap through time so that she can be a true fairytale princess. Sad Fairy Tale is a story about giving carrying one's destined love in one's heart through joy and tears. It is also a riveting story of youth. Feature debut by notable film critic Wang Wei. The film takes Taipei's trendy Ximending district, best known for its mix of alternative lifestyles, youth fashion and the antimony of adolescent life, and provides an upbeat story of damaged young people finding their purpose in life. The film's upbeat tone may appeal to some, but the complexity of the background is obliterated by rom-com stereotypes. A demented widow lures unsuspecting children into her mansion in a bizarre "Hansel and Gretel" twist. We are always told that love lasts forever like in children's fairy tales, but the reality is that people change and relationships expire. Most of the time, Patrick Angerer enjoys a pretty laid back view of life. So he's not especially impressed by the protest action his workmates are taking against the strict wage targets set by the new management of Falkendorf steel plant. But things suddenly begin to get interesting for Patrick when his ex, Barbara Brossman, still the great love of his life, is sent to Falkendorf as the union's lawyer: as she's brought along her new partner, Patrick has his work cut out trying to convince Babs that his life doesn't entirely consist of football and trips down the pub. This fascinating documentary explores the collaboration between Marion Mahony, the first registered woman architect in the world and the longest serving designer in Frank Lloyd Wright's practice, and husband Walter Burley Griffin. Their struggle with unyielding bureaucracy, the philosophies that underscored their life and work, and their passionate commitment to an architecture that expressed a balance between society and the environment and an affinity between the human spirit and the natural world. The film weaves together their personal and professional lives, drawing on archival and contemporary footage of their work, an extensive collection of photographs, the couple's own correspondance and writing, and interviews with prominent architects, social historians and the people who knew them. When a tragedy shatters her plans for domestic bliss, a seemingly typical Southern newlywed gradually transforms into a spiritual seeker, quietly threatening the closest relationships around her. Meet Kimberly, the envy of most women, a wonderful husband, beautiful home and a great career. Why is she so frequently distressed? She fears her family is not whole and believes no one shares her sentiments. She frequently reads the results of home pregnancy tests prayerfully but unfortunately divulges the same heartbreaking answer. It's not until she befriends a self-assured contractor, who believes a child could satisfy her emptiness, does she realize her life is Incomplete. Follows a couple through their completely different journeys in Thailand and simultaneously reveals their past in New York through flash backs. When an IT guy meets a beautiful girl who dreams of being an actress, he pretends to be a big shot producer to win her over. With the insistence of her suspicious friends, she continually tests to see if he is the real deal. This leaves him no choice but to desperately keep up the illusion, because he finds himself falling in love with her. After false reports of his demise put him and his work on the map, an artist decides to continue the charade by posing as his own brother. Soon, a reporter enters his life and has a profound effect on him. A wild teenage girl orchestrates a romance between her nanny and her father, who is a recovering addict. A psychological romantic drama about teenage twins Owen and Kristen who fall under the sway of a charismatic young loan shark who offers love to one of them but on one condition. A self-centered realtor enlists the help of his neighbor when he's suddenly left in charge of the granddaughter he never knew existed until his estranged son drops her off at his home. Mia, Lukas and Jonas always where like one heart and soul since their earliest childhood. Until three years ago when everything changed. Friendship became love that is well beyond all conventions. A Part of the society feels provoked by such kind of companionship and meets them with some lack of understanding to say the least. Even their parents aren't really fond of the situation. Once a year, the trio makes a trip. During which they try to let emotion flow as they come, not having to fear the reactions of others. Now there is the time again for such a trip. And that is where the film starts. After renting a mobile home the journey starts as usual. Only one thing different this time, Jonas was diagnosed with cancer in terminal state a few months ago. The three of them know that this might very well be the last trip they will ever make. Regardless, Mia and Lukas try their best for Jonas not to think of the inevitable. Sadly the vow to spend the last trip only in joy, fails. A young man's confusion in present times. The protagonist is looking for answers to questions that are relevant to many of his peers, coming of age in between a nostalgic socialist childhood and ideas pushed by a young democracy, relentlessly rushing forward.  The horse girls from "Til siste hinder" (2011) is back and this time the scene is set for intrigue, summer flirt and broken hearts.  It's summer, and Ida is home alone when she reluctantly falls in love with Gustav, which her   best friend Beate is in a distance relationship with. Molly runs away from Ida's 16-year anniversary, and after drinking herself drunk for the first time, she is exploited by Even . Even loses his best friend Luke, who turns in love with Molly. Hanne trying to keep a group of friends together, but it is not easy when everyone disappoints each other. Skvis is a very warm film about love, friendship and partying - and about young people's wobbly steps toward adult world. Bryan meets a man called Bill in a bar. They go back to Bryan's home and have unprotected sex. Later, they wake up and talk. Bryan discovers that Bill's real name is Brian, and that he is bisexual. They spend hours talking, covering topics including AIDS, sexuality, feminism, role-play and Emily Dickinson. My Accomplice is an off-beat comedy about falling in love, set in Brighton, featuring songs and live performances from local bands Transformer, Bob Wants His Head Back and The Mountain Firework Company, an ill-starred search for the village of Wivelsfield, the personal politics of perestroika in the wider context of David Hassel-hoff, apricot flapjacks, abruptly unpredictable weather, gathering evidence of a seagull conspiracy, and a small cast of everyday eccentrics that usually don't make it into films: Bulgarians, adults with learning disabilities, very tall women and elective mutes. In a city of this many vulnerable adults, Frank and Ilse might never have met. A love triangle between Mateo, Nadia and Tomas. The story of a friendship, the portrait of a paralyzed generation, the tale of how they live, love and find each other in their solitude. Comic sensation Amy Schumer riffs on sex, dating and the absurdities of fame in a bold and uncensored stand-up set at Denver's Bellco Theater. Szabolcs plays in a German football team, as does Bernard. They are roommates, best friends, inseparable. A lost match makes him reconsider his life and he goes back to Hungary in hope for more simplicity. Yet his solitude does not last long. Soon after his arrival he meets Aron and a mutual attraction between the two boys develops when suddenly Szabolcs receives an unexpected phone call from Bernard: he has arrived to Hungary... Detective Hazel Micallef hasn't had much to worry about in the sleepy town of Port Dundas until a string of gruesome murders in the surrounding countryside brings her face to face with a serial killer driven by a higher calling. New York, 1961. Alexander Ivanov, a high-ranked Soviet bureaucrat, reluctantly defects to the West while is part of a diplomatic mission, feeling the grief of being unable to know the fate of his wife Katya, whom he has had to leave behind in Moscow. Only many years later, in 1991, he will finally find out the truth when his niece Lauren travels to Moscow to participate in a painting exhibition. Devi is gifted with Extra Sensory Perception (ESP). Her gift comes to light one day while playing tennis with her friend, Sudha, when she has a vision of her sister, Rama, being shot to death by a man in a black raincoat. She telephones Rama, finds she is safe and is relieved. Shortly thereafter Rama disappears, the police are notified, but are unable to find any trace of her. Devi then meets multi-millionaire, Ram Kumar, both fall in love and get married. She moves into his once abandoned and legally disputed bungalow, and that's when she starts having visions again. These visions lead her to a wall that is loosely plastered A tribute to the U.S. 442nd Regimental Combat Team, formed in 1943 by Presidential permission with Japanese-American volunteers. We follow the training of a platoon under the rueful command of Lt. Mike Grayson who shares common prejudices of the time. The 442nd serve in Italy, then France, distinguishing themselves in skirmishes and battles; gradually and naturally, Grayson's prejudices evaporate with dawning realization that his men are better soldiers than he is. A mysterious spacecraft captures Russian and American space capsules and brings the two superpowers to the brink of war. James Bond investigates the case in Japan and comes face to face with his archenemy Blofeld. Amar, Meet and Prem go into a small town where they encounter a 'femme fatale' in the form of Ragini. Ragini is everything they had dreamed of, but she slowly turns into their worst nightmare! Ayalum Njanum Thammil is a story of a committed senior doctor and an irresponsible junior doctor and through their relationship, a picture of the medical profession is drawn vividly. Prathap Pothan portrays the doctor who, by his absolute devotion to his profession, lives a lonely life and Prithviraj appears as the junior doctor. A dissatisfied young woman's quest for improvement begins when she discovers a self-help book titled "Perfect Thoughts." The arrival of a handsome new farmhand threatens the balance between a farmer and his daughter. It tells the story of Gonzalo and Valentina, a couple who have spent several years together and who run a magical hotel in Isla Margarita: the Just For Two. A generation is caught between image and the search for authenticity. The psychoanalyst Ines intends not to be lovingly involved with anyone else. However, she ends up falling in love with two men at the same time, unaware that they are father and son. When mailman Bridd Takes his sexy date Charlotte home, they find their boss on the floor with a mail opener stuck in his chest. The assailants are also after Bridd and he has to use all his talents to foil an extra-terrestrial complot. Ben is a brain damaged young man who awakens from a violent accident to a restored intellect and supernatural abilities, which allow him to control the happenings of his world. Nine women convicts escape from a prison hell-hole and dare to create a savage world free of man. A sixty-something mother and her two adult sons cope and move onward following the death of their larger-than-life father/husband. A young writer begins an affair with an older woman from France whose open marriage to a diplomat dictates that they can meet only between the hours of 5 p.m. to 7 p.m. Satou Ichirou once called himself 'Maryuuin Kouga' and behaved as if he were a hero in a fantasy world. His strange behavior caused his classmates to bully him and he left the school. At his new school, he tries to behave like a normal boy, but one day he meets a girl who cosplays with a blue cape. She calls herself "a researcher traveling from the outer world to search for the 'Dragon Terminal'". At first, Ichirou rejects the girl, Satou Ryouko, because her behavior reminds him of his embarrassing past, but he changes his mind after seeing her getting bullied. In order to bring Ryouko back to real life, Ichirou accepts her and his past and begins the final battle as Maryuuin Kouga. Recently released from prison, French chef Jacques pursues an obsession -- to leave his past behind and work for the great British chef Victor Ellwood. He knows Victor had an affair with his mother and may even be his dad. Working for iron-fisted Victor is back-breaking, but his existence is softened by the presence of a curious girl living in the downstairs flat. As he falls in love with her, he realises she not only has an aversion to restaurants, but food of all kinds. Is her eating disorder a force too resilient for anything, even love to cure?  Take two ambitious men, one top LA advertising firm, add a competition for the same high ranking job. Tough ex-LAPD cop, Steve Miller quit police to work in the calm environment of a business office. Mark Richfield, the glamorous new kid in the office, soon wins favor with the big boss and co-workers causing Steve to cringe in jealousy. After a crazy night in the Santa Fe desert Steve becomes torn between passionate love and passionate hatred. Steve and Mark endure agonizing decisions that will affect their lives forever. The lives of five seemingly unrelated lost souls intertwine in Sweden's chilly capital in this delicate and wryly funny ensemble film. A precocious yet untalented young writer, a friendless advertising genius, a tight-lipped workaholic, a shy upper-class boy with a secret crush, and a recently dumped young woman all come to realize hard truths about love and life over the course of several days. The interwoven stories of three couples which are forced to make life-altering decisions in the face of a disastrous war. Inspired and sometimes blinded by their love, Len, Mia, Andy, Esther, Anna and Erik are as flawed and beautiful as any of the billions who are facing this human-made biological disaster. The story of Richard and Mildred Loving, an interracial couple, whose challenge of their anti-miscegenation arrest for their marriage in Virginia led to a legal battle that would end at the US Supreme Court. The islands come to New England in this major concert event filmed in Connecticut with an impressive lineup of reggae superstars laying it all on the line, including Beenie Man, Captain Barkey and Wickerman, Chuck Fender and Future Trouble. Other reggae acts taking the stage include Sammy Dread and Frankie Paul, Butter Flex, Bounty Killer, KC Jockey, Tanto Metro and Devante, Richie Spice, Cobra and more. For years, Martin has been working on his great play about cloud castles, flying pirates and a feisty princess. His secret role model for the leading character is his good friend Isabel, a cheeky young woman who is waging war on genetically modified seeds around the world. And she is leaving tomorrow to go to the middle of Africa for the next three years.  Directed by Ian Gabriel, "Four Corners" revolves around a 13-year-old chess whiz drawn into the Cape Town's well-known child-gang culture. Touted as the first film to delve into the 100-year-old war between South Africa's so-called Number gangs, the 26 and the 28, it blends the Sabela, Tsotsi-taal and Cape Afrikaans dialects and mixes established talents with non-actors and first-time thesps from schools and communities across the Cape Flats. Leaving her seemingly glamorous Hollywood life on hold, Evie Lee is forced to return to her small hometown of Balsam Falls, Tennessee and her family's once-thriving Christmas tree farm to attend her father's unexpected funeral. As the eldest sibling, she finds herself executor of an estate that owes a massive inheritance tax, much to her younger brother's dismay. Torn between pursuing her music career and saving her family's legacy, she must decide what it really means to find her place in the world. Charleene Closshey stars amidst a colorful cast including Robert Loggia, Tyler Ritter, Booboo Stewart and Naomi Judd in this heart-warming musical holiday tale about facing your past, rediscovering your voice, and fulfilling your dreams. Beth Stephens and Annie Sprinkle activate the metaphor "Earth as lover" and join the fight against mountain top removal (MTR) in Appalachia. Three very different people in their twenties try to figure out love, sex, identity and friendship in Los Angeles. Four intimate friends who dream to make a film.  Plot  The film traces the journey of four friends as they strive to give life to their dream cinema. And how their lives are upturned as the cinema becomes their life. An Oscar-winning writer in a slump leaves Hollywood to teach screenwriting at a college on the East Coast, where he falls for a single mom taking classes there.  One young man's plunge into adulthood and the uplifting joy of first love. During Eagles Of Death Metal's November 13, 2015 show at the Bataclan concert hall in Paris, gunmen entered the venue and opened fire on the crowd, leaving 89 dead. On February 16, 2016 the band returned to the Olympia in Paris to complete their show. A French teacher makes a startling discovery while on a trip to Buchenwald. A young man meets a 23-year-old cancer patient on the way to the park and disrupts her plan to commit suicide. The film focuses on the tumultuous romance in the lives of four women in The Hague. Teenage daughter Eva, her mother Judith, aunt Barbara and older sister Anna make it under one roof Hague together a nice game of. They are beautiful, courageous and sensible, but sometimes they just do not know in a world full of tender love, serial dating, slaked lust, affairs, children's desires and indestructible old loves. The film follows aspiring singer-songwriter Jed King (Alan Powell) as he struggles to catch a break and escape the long shadow of his father, a country music legend. After reluctantly accepting a gig at a local vineyard harvest festival, Jed is love-struck by the vineyard owner's daughter, Rose (Ali Faulkner), and a romance quickly blooms. Soon after their wedding, Jed writes Rose "The Song," which becomes a breakout hit. Thrust into a life of stardom and a world of temptation in the form of fellow performer Shelby Bale (Caitlin Nicol-Thomas), Jed's life and marriage begin to fall apart. When Brian's new girlfriend, a stand-up comedian, suddenly disappears, he enlists the help of his broken-hearted best friend and imaginary characters from a cliche romantic comedy to find her. story of Amirul, an actor who receives the offer to play an Islamic man. He goes to a village to see for himself how an imam lives so that he can better embody his role. In the village, he meets Laila and begins to fall for her after seeing her graceful, soft spoken and kind manner with her family. A playboy at heart, Amirul's attitude changes little by little in order to win Laila's heart. A trio of brainboxes create a cell phone chip that allows telepathic communication. But when the experiment goes wrong and power falls into the wrong hands, the results are terrifying. Sandhya (Kajal Aggarwal) is a student who is madly in love with Karthik (Ravi Teja), a techie based in Italy. She decides to travel with him to India, confident that the travel time would be enough for her to get Karthik to fall in love. Karthik reciprocates her gestures in a friendly way, but finally reveals that he is married to Vasudha (Richa Gangopadhyay) but is waiting to seek Divorce. During a long, hot summer in seventies London, young neighbors Holly and Marina make a childhood pact to be friends forever. For Marina, troubled, fiercely independent, determined to try everything, Holly stays the only constant in a life of divorcing parents, experimental drugs and fashionable self-destruction. But for Holly, a friendship that has never been equal gradually starts to feel like a trap. A cruel dictator rules a Latin American state. Corruption, brutality and exploitation are present every day. A few people begin to organise resistance. Under the leader "El Leopardo" a small group of guerillas fights against the violent government. Down on his luck in the love department, a man lies about his identity to get closer to the woman of his dreams. Unfortunately, the little white lie that brings them together may ultimately tear them apart. Jane, a die-hard fan, wants to win tickets to Billy Fernandez's concert. To do this she must answer the question, "What would you do if it was the end of the world?" In search for this answer she meets different people with different love stories: a 40-year old virgin named Virgie who meets a gigolo named Charles; a hopeless romantic secretary, Barbara who is helping her boss, Ken with "personal issues"; Belle who is in love with her gay best-friend, Butch, an active-executive; Verna who falls in love with a waiter named Elvis in Vietnam; Jomar who is trying to court Ayie with the help of a 35 year old mentally-challenged man named Pipoy; Patty who traces her first love, Alvin to become a model for her company. "The Toothbrush" fetishizes an oral essential. The short film is part of the series Patents, presented by Nowness. 'The Girl from Nagasaki' is a 3D feature film production of the classic Puccini Opera 'Madam Butterfly,' directed by world renown photographer Michel Comte. It's a modern day tale that starts with the young Madame Butterfly emerging from the ashes of the atomic bomb in Nagasaki. By a subtle meshing of reality and fantasy, Michel Comte and his team bring to the screen a visual orgy of modern ballet, opera and narrative filmmaking. Lester Burnham, a depressed suburban father in a mid-life crisis, decides to turn his hectic life around after developing an infatuation with his daughter's attractive friend. A small house has to try to compete with progress and the encroaching press of the big city. A brokenhearted woman teams up with her ex-boyfriend to try and stop the hitman she accidentally hired to kill him. Armed with nothing but their curiosity and a camera, playful couple Sarah and Greg travel through America for 60 days -- relying on the kindness of strangers for a home each night. Their fate-driven blueprint takes them through the five towns in the country called Bear, exploring thirty states, meeting hundreds of fascinating people, and testing what it means to be kind in America today. A funny and irresistible story of a young girl who literally cannot see or hear her mother, even though she is living with her under the same roof. With the help of an eccentric psychiatrist, and a local, accidental hero, our heroine has to grow up, but falls in love and eventually takes hold of her future - despite not being able to see what's right in front of her. Seven Something is a love story and was shot by three different directors. As such, the film is divided into three parts; the first is named "14," featuring problems of two teenagers and social networks. The second part is named "21/28" and is about two former actor and actress lovers who work together again after being apart for seven years. The third part is called "42.195" and is about a woman who meets a young man who encourages her to complete a marathon Louie Jeffries is happily married to Corinne. On their first anniversary, Louie is killed crossing the road. Louie is reincarnated as Alex Finch, and twenty years later, fate brings Alex and Louie's daughter, Miranda, together. It's not until Alex is invited to Louie's home that he begins to remember his former life, wife and best friend. Of course, there's also the problem that he's attracted to Louie's/his own daughter. High school guidance counselor Jeff, and his platonic friend and co-worker Anne are responsible, well intentioned, kind... and boring. They frustratingly watch on as their peers find love and companionship, while they continue to fail in spectacular fashion when it comes to romance. As they reach their loneliness breaking point they make a pact to forgo their familiar, vanilla personas in exchange for their unexplored, confident alter egos. They wave goodbye to Jeff's awkward all-male book club and Anne's flailing attempts to catch the eye of Jeff's sexy neighbor Max, and say hello to raucous summer nights filled with booze, dancing, and sex. Naturally things don't exactly go according to plan. It is the journey of an educated man from Mexico City to the center of the United States, with its rigid society, its frigid winter, but most of all, it is an inner journey to face the contradictions between his love for his wife and the macho baggage he carries with him. It is a voyage of growth, funny and painful. Soof is reaching 40 and has everything she ever wanted: three children, a small catering business, a sweet husband Kasper and a lovely home. Until she starts asking herself: 'is this all there is'? Vincent and Annabella are a wealthy couple living in New York City. They want to have a child but soon discover that children will never be a possibility for them. Soon, their ambitions for a family begin to affect their marriage. Annabella then meets Gillian; a seductive, exotic lesbian painter who changes her whole perspective on her future plans with Vincent. Soon, Annabella and Gillian's relationship causes a roller coaster of emotions, betrayal, and seduction that causes Annabella to reach her breaking point. Delicately flirting with eroticism, the animated film The Banquet of the Concubine, by young Chinese director Hefang Wei, recounts one of the most famous love stories of Imperial China. In this tale of bitter jealousy, nothing can sweeten the heart of an abandoned mistress, not even the luscious lychee. Kanna Seto lost her childhood friend Haruta in a car accident when she was a freshman in high school. Carrying the emotional pain from that incident throughout her life, Kanna is still wounded as an adult. Kanna then meets Roku Akazawa, who also carries a painful experience from his past. When Roku was an elementary school student, a girl who was with him got into an accident and died. Because of that incident, Roku carries a heavy sense of guilt. When they meet, time, frozen since that day, begins to tick again.  A lighthouse keeper and his wife living off the coast of Western Australia raise a baby they rescue from an adrift rowboat. The story of sixteen men put on trial for sadomasochism in the dying days of Thatcher's Britain was told by the police, the prosecution and the tabloid press -- but not by those in the dock. An anti-love story about Delphine, a dancer living in New York. Despite her best intentions to keep her relationships casual and simple in the infamous city, she falls hard for a sexy and charismatic painter. Although he is smitten with her, The Painter continues an array of sexual relationships, unable to concentrate solely on Delphine, despite the fact that he is falling in love with her. They decide to keep their options open and play it cool, but they soon discover that love is hardly ever that simple. Marco is a model student and leader of a group of guys who are adrift. He hides a terrible secret: he's a champion in clandestine fights managed by a cruel trafficker. Alain Resnais & Robert Hessen explore the famous Picasso painting "Guernica" in light of the town's bombing. An Israeli-Lithuanian scientist is asked by a Russian oligarch to develop software that will match people around the world. Elena is a beautiful, 35-year-old accomplished woman who has an unhealthy obsession with perfection. Elena's well-ordered life is thrown into chaos, however, when she meets Adriana, an 18-year-old seductive young woman who offers passion and excitement, and Hector, an older man who offers Elena stability and security. Elena quickly realizes though that Adriana is too immature and too young for her, so she tries to end their romance, but for Adriana the rejection is just another game to play A war photographer and absent father, who spends more time taking care of his camera than his four daughters, enjoys a happy life in the Alps with his new girlfriend. But his life is turned upside down the day that his best friend tries to reconcile him with his family by telling them a big lie. Charming 60-something Jose returns to Prague after 30 years living in Mexico, though he was convinced that he would never see his hometown again. He was persuaded by his deeply religious Mexican wife Dolores, who is convinced that only a miracle that might be fulfilled by Prague's famous Infant Jesus can help their daughter Penelope get pregnant. And the ideal time for this is Christmas. And when Ruda, his friend from Prague, also insists, Jose agrees to return to the places he used to know and to the memories that they bring back - including his former Prague love. And it becomes evident that the Infant Jesus is not the only one capable of making miracles come true in Prague. Penelope's longed-for conception is definitely not the only one... Chelsea just wants to be a typical teenager, but her stepdad's life making low-budget indie horror films surrounds her with an array of wild characters that leave her embarrassed and frustrated. When she meets Danielle, a fiery young lesbian who has been rejected by her own family, they form a bond that allows Chelsea to re-evaluate her desire for a life that is nothing more than ordinary and come to appreciate her wacky family Yura and Makoto married without ever being intimate. The couple have a happy life together and they move to Makoto's hometown. There, Makoto meets Shiori, who graduated from the same school as Makoto. It turns out, Shiori, who is about to get married, has been thinking of Makoto for the last 10 years. Shiori acts upon her feelings by calling Makoto and then kissing Makoto, which Yura sees ... A young man of Chinese-Cambodian descent dies, leaving behind his isolated mother and his lover of four years. Though the two don't share a language, they grow close through their grief. Live from Lexington, Kentucky, USA Keith Urban preforms to a packed house with classic hits like Stupid Boy, Days Go By, I Told You So, Shine and many more. The brother of a local law minister, who is out on parole and should be back in custody in the next six days, goes missing. When he doesn't show up on the sixth day, the opposition party blames the law minister for keeping his brother in hiding, and therefore, resulting in his immediate arrest. Meanwhile, the missing brother resurfaces and wants to avenge his captor but he doesn't have a clue about his identity or whereabouts. A male student begins a torrid affair with his female teacher, but she soon realizes that the relationship won't get them anywhere. A boy and a girl fall in love. But on the night they met, she was drunk and stoned and he took advantage of her. Although she does not remember almost anything from that night, she remembers something that may compromise their relationship. Pete Correale was named one of the top ten comics to watch by Entertainment Weekly in 2008. His affable New York charm and hilarious tales of life and love of the "everyman" put him on the path to comedy stardom. You've seen Pete's breakout performances on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno," "The Late Show with David Letterman," and Comedy Central's "Premium Blend." He has performed at all the major comedy festivals, including Montreal, Aspen, and Kilkenny, and can be heard daily on the Sirius Satellite radio show "Breuer Unleashed." A new salesman named Kosuke Okuda happens to meet Mao Watarai, a friend from his middle school days. Back then, Mao was called stupid and bullied, but now she is an attractive woman. Kosuke and Mao fall in love and decide to marry, but Mao has a secret... Not a Still Life is a portrait of Steve Stone, an older gay, Jewish man who shares the naked truth of the struggles, joys and sorrows of his unconventional life. Steve opens his heart as he tells of childhood ridicule in the 50's, coming out and living openly gay during the decades of the 60s to the 80s- a period rife with homophobia- finding true love, dealing with tragedy and loss, loneliness and aging. His gradual evolution includes embracing sobriety, connecting with a long lost relative and discovering his spirituality only to find that he is in danger of losing his home and business. His entertaining reflections stimulate argument and offer us a refreshing appreciation of life, love and living. Kimjho Gwang-soo is one of the most recognized Korean gay activist as well as a filmmaker. This is his feature debut as a director and producer. A queer movie that delivers the goods--humorous and touching--and fulfills the director's wish for a more "open" society. A story of two people that masquerade as a couple to hide their homosexuality and keep their real loves intact. Minsoo, who is gay and wants to escape from his meddling parents, and Hyojin, who is a lesbian and wants to adopt a baby, are both doctors working at the same hospital. To fulfill their wishes, they decide to fake their nuptials. Their marriage is surrounded by episodes, some are humorous and others full of pathos. Unlike other films dealing with similar subject matter, focusing on the darker side of the spectrum, the director's choice to keep things lighter and brighter is also a virtue. Behind every breakthrough in the progression of climbing, there's a true story of doubt and determination, perseverance in the face of failure. From boulders, to big walls, to competition podiums, the climbers at the top of the game share a commitment to do whatever it takes to achieve their vision. Day in and day out, lovers Cynthia and Evelyn enact an elaborate sadomasochistic fantasy as mistress and maid. But as their ritual of domination and submission begins to turn stale, Cynthia yearns for something more conventional, while Evelyn tries to push their taboos even further. A girl on a cruise with her family, falls in love with the ship's lieutenant and has to make a dramatic decision when they reach Istanbul, in the end. A boy, secretly in love with his best friend, finally manages to express his feelings, through a fake Facebook profile... Until she finds out the truth! And two strangers spent a night together in Thessaloniki, falling in love, but when they part ways, the girl's mobile phone is stolen, along with the boy's number... Bad decisions and troubled relationships bleed over from real life into a writer's new screenplay. A shallow man falls in love with a 300 pound woman because of her "inner beauty". Max, Paul and Simon have been friends for 35 years. They take great pleasure in their one vacation a year together without their partners and meet-up regularly to spend evenings drinking or playing cards. Each has a successful career and they all appear to have perfect lives until the night Simon announces to his friends that he has just strangled his wife, Estelle after a blazing row. Max and Paul are horrified by Simon's confession, but worse is to come when Simon asks them to lie and provide him with an alibi for the time Estelle was killed. Both men are torn between lying or turning over their best friend to the police. Struggling to find fulfillment in relationships, Sarah discovers that forgiveness is the key to true love. A young man falls in love with a prostitute and is disowned by his family. He is then drafted, and heads off to war. Script exists - considered to be a lost film. The lives of Calcutta's most powerful Gunday - Bikram and Bala, changes when Nandita enters it. Then a counter-force takes charge and a thriller unfolds. The week before Kurt Cobain was found dead from a single gunshot, he went missing. His whereabouts for that week has remained a mystery until now. But for the first time, the story of what happened to him can now be told, using the testimony of people who knew him, the witnesses who saw him in that last week and the ordinary people who found themselves written into his story that as one puts it, 'would have been a keystone cops comedy were it not to have ended in such tragedy.  Babli (Ranbir Kapoor) is a street smart car mechanic living in a Delhi orphanage. He is charming and lives life to the fullest. He also steals cars to support his orphanage. He has no sense of right or wrong till he unwittingly hurts the love of his life, Tara (Pallavi Sharda). Babli realizes that there is no right way of doing the wrong thing. Babli sets out to fix all the wrongs in his life and he continues to be shameless about it. Haewon, a college student, wants to end her secret affair with her professor, Seongjun. Feeling depressed after bidding farewell to her mother who is set to immigrate to Canada the next day, Haewon seeks out Seongjun again after a long time. That day, they run into her classmates at a restaurant and their relationship gets revealed. Haewon gets more agitated and Seongjun makes an extreme suggestion to run away together... Haewon dreams often. Her dreams will be compared to her waking life, but none can be denied as being a part of her life. Raja is a boxing champion based in Chennai and Jeeva, his look alike, is an innocent man living in Himachal Pradesh. A mutual friend of both educates Jeeva about Raja. Eagerness forces Jeeva to go in pursuit of his look alike. Naan Rajavaga Pogiren is a chronicle of Jeeva's journey and what he discovers about Raja. Avani Modi plays Reema, Raja's best friend and Chandini plays Valli, a Law student, an activist and Raja's girl friend. In a nutshell, Naan Rajavaga Pogiren is a tale of love, friendship and awareness. Harry Palmer heads a private investigation business based in Moscow. His associates are Nikolai "Nick" Petrov (Jason Connery), ex-CIA agent Craig (Michael Sarrazin), and ex-KGB Colonel Gradsky (Lev Prygunov). They take on the job of finding 1000 grams of weapons-grade plutonium stolen from the Russian government, though they do not know the identity of their client. Chronicling one story of courage born out of the highly mediatized and controversial Prop 8 2008 election results in California. A Californian married gay couple and their two adopted children fight back against discrimination, ignorance and hate through home videos posted on their YouTube channel, Gay Family Values. As they pursue their American Dream, the opposing political, social and religious opinions that pervade society attempt to strip it from them. Clemence is pathologically jealous. Gabriel has asked her to marry him. To test whether he is faithful, unbeknownst to him she arranges that he crosses paths with beautiful Olivia... There is a true story of a woman who died in her apartment and it took people a year to find her body decomposing in a crisp Chanel suit. A young man becomes obsessed with this urban tragedy and disappears, wondering if anyone will notice. A young woman who shares his commuting schedule DOES notice. And when he resurfaces, she decides to follow him setting of a chain of events that bind them together... Every man has a different recollection of the beautiful young woman who wreaked havoc on their lives during one heated night. When he finds her, her life changes. But she doesn't accept him. What will he do? A story about a mostly normal young man who makes the most out of fitting in when he obviously doesn't. Despite being engaged to a successful Iranian plastic surgeon in Beverly Hills, Shirin finds herself falling for a mysterious young man who lives  in a lighthouse in northern California. Anonymous Set in outer space, on the planet Akoh, The elder Zeav Keela tells his last story to a group of students. Recalling his younger years, Zeav and Alexandra are madly in love and plan to elope. Alex's father Jake is a Professor of Geology working on a mining moon near the edge of the galaxy. Unbeknown to Zeav and Alexandra, he has made a significant discovery and is keeping a dark secret from his daughter. Soon, it all starts to unravel, as members of Jake's team awaken Henton, an Ancient and evil Vampire trapped by a curse for thousands of years. Things spiral out of control when Henton is released and spreads his vampirism throughout the mining Colony. Sadly, Alexandra with her lover, must confront her dying father's dark secrets and meet their own destiny. This is an Epic Tale about betrayal, unrequited love and timeless tragedy. Greg is coasting through senior year of high school as anonymously as possible, avoiding social interactions like the plague while secretly making spirited, bizarre films with Earl, his only friend. But both his anonymity and friendship threaten to unravel when his mother forces him to befriend a classmate with leukemia. Despite the tumor-shrinking medical miracle that has bought her a few years, Hazel has never been anything but terminal, her final chapter inscribed upon diagnosis. But when a patient named Augustus Waters suddenly appears at Cancer Kid Support Group, Hazel's story is about to be completely rewritten. "It Gets Better" is a gay love story between Adam, a closeted jock, and Pierre, an openly gay boy, that revolves around peer pressure, bullying and acceptance. Abby, obituary writer turned author, is used to making up quirky, charming characters in her books, but here in Bliss it almost seems like those characters have sprung to life, and Abby is fantasizing about moving right in. The townspeople have set their matchmaking minds in motion and they aren't about to let Abby leave without a little love in her heart. When Scott Stratton loses his job, his entire life spirals into despair, and no amount of encouragement can get him off the couch, until his sister hires the life coach from hell to change Scott's life, using any means possible. When Gino meets racing driver Benedicte, it's love at first sight. But Gino has a secret. The kind of secret that can endanger their lives. The film asks the question would have been triple love. Ferhat and Zeynep is a happily married couple. Karlidag outside of marriage appears happy couple, the first love of life remained in the years ahead will be turned upside down with the introduction of the Euphrates Nazligul again. Zeynep even a night encounter with the former love of her husband Nazligul powdery mildew that can not bear to be separated , and that is the love in his heart can not prevent the re-ignition. A young man called Roman is working for an attorney. Roman has to travel to a small village in Bavaria, in order to get some files from a local police station. These files keep records about a high school massacre committed by a student a year ago. Due to bureaucratic reasons, Roman has to stay in the village for a few days. By accident he meets a young girl called Laura, who has survived the massacre. By becoming more acquainted to Laura, Roman also becomes more interested in the tragic event. Later on he realizes that Laura is hiding a secret. She has been more involved in the incident. Storyline about a young visioner from Indonesia: Rudy Habibie, before he would known as technocrat and 3rd president of Indonesia: BJ Habibie. A sex comedy about a group of teenagers who want to lose their virginity for the first time. A sequel of a popular Thai film with a lesbian theme, Yes or No 2 picks up from where the original left off. Two girls, Kim and Pie are in love, but after graduation they have to travel into two different directions for their internship; Kim is going to work in a farm in the northern province of Nan, while Pie is going South to work in a fishery center. Their love is being tested by the distance between them. In the heart of Metro Manila, Mara, a young dance protege seeks to land the principal part of a dance company about to embark on a tour. On her quest to land the coveted break, a series of events turned her sense of meaning upside down, and is faced with a life changing decision. She turns to her mentor and her mother as she searches for answers in the beautifully loud and endlessly moving world she lives in. It's love at first sight when a rebellious playboy falls in love with a girl. He now has to go to great lengths to win her heart. A romantic comedy that is set during the recent flood crisis in Thailand. Harriet and Queenie Mahoney, a vaudeville act, come to Broadway, where their friend Eddie Kerns needs them for his number in one of Francis Zanfield's shows. Eddie was in love with Harriet, but when he meets Queenie, he falls in love to her, but she is courted by Jock Warriner, a member of the New Yorker high society. It takes a while till Queenie recognizes, that she is for Jock nothing more than a toy, and it also takes a while till Harriet recognizes, that Eddie is in love with Queenie A romantic comedy which is a sequel to last year's popular Bangkok Sweety. As before, it features a number of different love stories that take place on Valentine's Day. Takao, who is training to become a shoemaker, skipped school and is sketching shoes in a Japanese-style garden. He meets a mysterious woman, Yukino, who is older than him. Then, without arranging the times, the two start to see each other again and again, but only on rainy days. They deepen their relationship and open up to each other. But the end of the rainy season soon approaches ... The problems of 4 rich beautiful girls Yoon-Jung accidentally calls a stranger, instead of her boyfriend, and has phone sex with the unknown man. When Yoon-Jung's relationship with her boyfriend turns sour, Yoon-Jung meets Hyun-Seung, the stranger she had phone sex with. Dr. Mi-Soo misdiagnoses a patient after she meets the woman's husband, whom she assumes to be abusive. With his wife in grave condition, the man sues the hospital. Kang-Il is a widowed firefighter who overhears the situation and when he attempts to counsel the woman's husband, he is assaulted by him. When Mi-Soo learns about the confrontation, she tries to get Kang-Il to be a character witness for her and realizes that he may also be her true love. After a job interview gone wrong, Lulu sets sail leaving her husband and three children behind. But being an adventurer is easier said than done. Unspooled through a series of vignettes, this slice-of-life tale follows a group of young college graduates who are forced -- because of a bleak economic environment -- to shack up with their parents and settle for low-paying jobs. A young biologist, Mary Jane, who focuses on lepidoptery (the study of moths and butterflies), doesn't have the perfect life; she does however have what she considers the perfect son. Tragedy strikes and Mary Jane's world is disturbingly turned upside down. Fleeing the troubled "real world" she embarks upon a solitary bush project. In the isolated and surreal landscape Mary Jane starts experiencing strange phenomena. The opportunity to be a mother again presents itself, only it comes at a cost for Mary Jane and what's left of her family. Jennifer Carpenter, Kristen Connolly and Alexander Poe star in a comedy about three New Yorkers struggling to uncover the truth behind their romantic entanglements. Disheartened by his latest relationship catastrophe, Graham (Poe) attempts to rekindle the spark with his ex-girlfriend, Laura (Connolly). In the attempt to win her back Graham discovers he has a unique problem: Laura and another one his ex-girlfriends (Carpenter) are dating the same guy. A horrible accident takes place between two buses on the highway in Behrampore which includes students returning after winning their kabadi match, a newly-wed couple, a lover taking his love of life to meet his parents and a girl traveling for the very first time to the city of Kolkata - later it's revealed how lives of two couples among those passengers were connected and things take a tragic turn after the accident. Official entry to the first Metro Manila Film Festival in 1982 directed by Ronwaldo Reyes and starred Fernando Poe, Jr., Criselda 'Dang' Cecilio, Lito Anzures, and Bentot, Jr.  This coming of age Dance Film, in the spirit of Dirty Dancing, Karate Kid, and High School Musical - is about a young girl from Beverly Hills, Jennifer who is visiting her Father's Panama City Beach Hotel during Summer Break, and falls in love with a Young Boy, Ken who works as a Dishwasher. Even though both are from different backgrounds, they share the same passion... DANCE and partner with each other to enter the 2nd Annual Florida State-Wide Dance Contest. While preparing for the contest, Jennifer and Ken must overcome scheming dance partners, a meddling father, and their own doubts for their love to prevail. Based on a famous Thai erotic novel, the film tells the story of Jan, a boy who grows up in a house lorded over by his sadistic and debauched father, Luang Wisnan. Set in the 1930's the story recounts the growing pains of Jan, whose mother dies while giving birth to him and who's intensely hated by his father. Jan grows up with Aunt Wad, his stepmother, and he struggles to reconcile his guilt and longing with different women in his life, including a girl called Hyacinth, whom he adores, and later Madame Boonleung, his father's lover who becomes a key to Jan's sexual awakening. A down-to-earth portrait of art school life. "Bachelorette's Degree" is a steamy romantic comedy set in Washington, D.C., and explores the dynamics of love and friendship, tested by unexpected circumstances. The film stars three beautiful, successful women as they debunk the notion of women racing for the marriage altar. Instead, it tells the other side of the story. Routine Love Story is a 2012 Telugu film starring Sundeep Kishan and Regina Cassandra. The movie is directed by Praveen Sattaru, who earlier made LBW (Life Before wedding) and produced by Chanakya Booneti. Soundtrack of the film was composed by Mickey J Meyer. The film was Released on November 23, 2012 along with Nagarjuna's Dhamarukam and both the films got a good start at the Box Office in Andhra Pradesh and other parts of the world. A scientist revives dead nude women in his basement, and commands them to obey his every sexual desire. Danny, a commercial editor and documentary filmmaker attempts to finish his film, a study on relationship while navigating the relationships in his own life. Will he continue to chase the unattainable Theresa a hippy new age dancer(Caitlin Fitzgerald) or will he finally admit he's in love with his best friend Carla (Katherine Waterston) who is in an unfulfilling relationship with a political strategist(Gaby Hoffman). Manhattan Romance is a funny insightful look at contemporary life in Manhattan. It explores new age ideas and open relationship as well as true friendship and connection. A slice of life story about a young man named Ruben, who returns home to take care of his ailing father. He reconnects with his boyhood friend Jimmy after starting a job with his Uncle. Madea dispenses her unique form of holiday spirit on rural town when she's coaxed into helping a friend pay her daughter a surprise visit in the country for Christmas. Lewis is a closeted gay man throwing a bachelor party for his straight best friend and secret crush, Cooper. After a night of drunken sex together, the two men decide to meet in the same hotel suite on the same night each year to hook up and catch up. Over the course of twelve years, we see four additional nights that depict how the two men grow and how their friendship changes. Celal, who dreams of achieving happiness as a ladies' man and charmer, soon gets into difficulties and suffers misfortune. Back when Celal was in a relationship, he was jealous of the life of a bachelor. Home, James is a romance that follows James, a local Tulsa photographer as he falls for Cooper, a party girl looking for a way out of town, who both inspires him to take a chance with his art and begins destroying his life with her drinking. Upwardly-mobile executive Jane (Sarah Butler) uncovers evidence that that her high powered boss may have been murdered, prompting the corporation to dispatch a "crisis manager" (D.B. Sweeny) to ensure that the truth never gets out. Now, trapped in an elevator during a holiday weekend, Jane realizes that she must climb for her life to avoid taking a fatal plunge.  Coming of age story about two inner city youths, who are left to fend for themselves over the summer after their mothers are taken away by the authorities. Alvaro Infestas is a teacher, a young guy that has neglected his health. He will reencounter his motivations and friendships he abandoned some time ago, because he was in a long-lasting love affair, which left him in a kind of pause. Now that he is alone, he will try to find the real party, his party... A look at how a painter and a successful actor spend their last day together before the world comes to an end. A street thug with a soft heart and a young, hot-headed former company executive end up as neighbours. On the night of 16 July 1942, ten year old Sarah and her parents are being arrested and transported to the Velodrome d'Hiver in Paris where thousands of other jews are being sent to get deported. Sarah however managed to lock her little brother in a closet just before the police entered their apartment. Sixty years later, Julia Jarmond, an American journalist in Paris, gets the assignment to write an article about this raid, a black page in the history of France. She starts digging archives and through Sarah's file discovers a well kept secret about her own in-laws. It's a long hot summer for Charlie Boyd. He's sixteen, his hormones are raging and he's just found out his mother is having an affair with his father's best friend. One thing takes his mind off his problems, the mysterious woman down the street who has visitors day and night, and has just advertised for a gardener. But she is forgotten when a tragic family event tumbles Charlie into a world of pain, a pain so intense Charlie thinks no-one can help him. He's wrong. Someone can. Maggie, the beautiful French stranger. She's a professional, and she specialises in pain. Giving it, exploring it, sharing it, all for money. So Charlie falls in love, and despite herself so does she, drawn to this troubled boy who takes all the pain she can give and uses it to heal himself. And as Charlie heals, he turns that healing back onto her, his Mistress. A closeted boy runs the risk of being outed by his own heart after it pops out of his chest to chase down the boy of his dreams. Too shy to make a proper introduction, a recent college grad devises to shoot a documentary about the NYC nightlife scene in order to meet the go-go guy he's cyber-obsessed with. A screenwriter who travels to an abandoned house to finish a script on time, but a series of strange events lead her to a psychological breakdown. A story about two best friends who are madly in love with the same person. How far will a person go for love? Would you kill for love? Sebastian (Hendler) meets Natalia (Bertuccelli) when trying to steal an important piece of art from a museum, and she wins the hand. Rivals declared, the two have to work together later in a robbery more complex: a valuable and unique bottle of Malbec from Bordeaux in the mid-nineteenth century, listed as one of the best wines in the world and jealously guarded in the vault of a bank, in Mendoza.  In a world full of glamor, between vineyards and mountains, the thieves will have to display their magic, but while preparing discover theft, each to his own, that nothing will be as thought A film about a group of people and their complicated relationships to one another. Vera is trying to figure out how to relate to her son's irresponsible father, while her sister is about to release a book about their shared childhood. Not far from Vera, a professional clown is hesitantly trying to get on with his life and form a new relationship, but his ex is refusing to let go of him. In close shots, full of emotions, the characters expose the best as well as the worst in them, and the film provides no simple answers to its questions. All-stars from the previous Step Up installments come together in glittering Las Vegas, battling for a victory that could define their dreams and their careers. Two young women on the lam for a murder they didn't commit become lovers, and Detroit's Most Wanted. Comedy Central Roast regular Greg Giraldo isn't shy about tearing into his fellow funnymen (and women) at the network's frequent specials, and he turns his wicked wit to a variety of topics in this live show. In Midlife Vices, Giraldo extols the virtues of drinking in your 40s, praises New York's Puerto Rican Day Parade, questions Barack Obama's smoking habit, and leaves no comic target unscathed. Victor Terx is a young, attractive, and mysterious man, preacher and leader of a spiritualist sect. He compulsively murders his occasional partners with cruelty. Ambar Atlas is a young stripper at a brothelly nightclub, her beauty is unconventional and her sexuality exultant and perturbing. Christlike, she uses sex as a vehicule to her own destruction due to her inevitable death drive. Ambar and Victor will fall in love viscerally and passionately while they become aware of the proximity of an ineluctable danger that preys on them both. Together they will tortuously travel an esoteric underworld of mediums, witches and false shamans in the search for Ambar's miraculous "cure". Roshan (Sunny Wayne) is a cosmetic surgeon and a Casanova by nature. Abu (Sanju), a budding filmmaker and Joe (Praveen), a TV show producer, are his friends. Joe has just been ditched by his girl friend Ann (Poojitha Menon). A devastated Joe heads over to Goa along with his friends to get over the tragedy that has befell him When an out of work actress unexpectedly lands a starring role in the sexually explicit mini-series adaptation of a best selling erotic novel, her aimless, stoner boyfriend does his best to be supportive. But when her volatile, Oscar winning co-lead takes "rehearsals" too far, her dream job becomes her boyfriend's worst nightmare and the couple is forced to decide whether or not their relationship is worth fighting for. TRU, 37, is a serial bed-hopping lesbian who cannot commit to a relationship or a job for long...that is, until she meets ALICE, 60, a beautiful widow, who has come to town at the last minute to visit her daughter, SUZANNE, 35, a too-busy corporate lawyer and Tru's friend. Alice and Tru begin to forge an unlikely friendship...and more. Suzanne, who has a deeply conflicted relationship with her mother and a complicated past with Tru, becomes increasingly alarmed at the growing bond between Tru and her mother. Tensions escalate after Suzanne witnesses an intimate moment between them. She tries to sabotage the budding romance, but it backfires, as Tru Love is hard to contain. This heart-warming romantic comedy takes place at Nanyang Street, the most famous "cram school" street in Taipei City. A young man works at a copy shop where his life is a boring routine of copying test papers for students. One day he finds a drawing of a sheep mixed in on the test papers, which leads him to an unexpected journey. I'm Still Here is a portrayal of a tumultuous year in the life of actor Joaquin Phoenix. With remarkable access, the film follows the Oscar-nominee as he announces his retirement from a successful film career in the fall of 2008 and sets off to reinvent himself as a hip-hop musician. The film is a portrait of an artist at a crossroads and explores notions of courage and creative reinvention, as well as the ramifications of a life spent in the public eye. In Second Thoughts a cult leader gets cold feet when it comes time to fulfill his own prophesy and transcend to the afterlife. A landscape gardener is hired by famous architect Le Notre to construct the grand gardens at the palace of Versailles. As the two work on the palace, they find themselves drawn to each other and are thrown into rivalries within the court of King Louis XIV. After 39 years together, Ben and George finally tie the knot, but George loses his job as a result, and the newlyweds must sell their New York apartment and live apart, relying on friends and family to make ends meet. The film revolves around a young married couple and their relationship in various levels. It illustrates the dry humour on how pretentious human relations can be and how there is a quid pro quo in all relations no matter how genuine they may seem. It deals with the irony of life. The lives of an action star wannabe, a frustrated family man, and a guilt-ridden boyfriend, intertwine in three tales of sex, violence, redemption, murder, and unthinkable twists all taking place in the City of Angels; Los Angeles, California. A man tracks down and becomes friends with all the donors who got his wife's organs. Everything goes smoothly until he falls for the woman who got his wife's heart... At 40, Alice has everything a woman of her age could want - everything except one vital accessory: a man. Since her husband was killed in a road accident a few years ago, she has resisted all attempts to start a relationship with another man, despite the best efforts of her closest friends Penelope and Isabelle. As a last resort, the latter decide to offer Alice a stay at the Hotel Normandy, the ideal place for her to turn over a new leaf... Telugu romantic comedy film written and directed by Nandini Reddy under the banner of Sri Sai Ganesh Productions.  A taxi driver, Rasool and a salesgirl, Anna fall in love with each other. But soon their union is put to question when Anna persuades Rasool to convert to Christianity. What happens when a bunch of Vampires move into an abandoned factory in a town run by Bikers somewhere in the future- Bikers come to Demand the New tenants evicted but something erupts and chaos takes over the town. Serial Killer Henry Sparks fall in love with his childhood sweetheart Detective Prospect Jenkins who is after him. Alexander and Roxane meet children then lose sight for several years. Teenagers they meet, never to leave but because of the family they will be separated for three months and forced to write letters as they live in the same street just 9 numbers away ... Their love is stronger than all, will remain patient and will continue to grow. Alleging facts. This film is directed by and starring two protagonists. Alexandre Laugier & Roxane Martine. That love wins. Are you ready for this adventure with them? You look at your wife or husband then the same way ... ? This film finds Angelique in a North African Muslim kingdom where she is now part of the Sultan's harem. The first part of the film consist of her angrily refusing to be bedded as well as their trying to literally beat some sense into her. It all seems to go on too long and I was surprised that the Sultan simply didn't have her killed. Late in the film, she finally decides to escape with the help of two Christian prisoners. romantic comedy Ngorat lacks an iota of originality, creativity and humour. Razak's film is based on many Hollywood flicks about a lucky loser who just can't seem to find a girlfriend. In the end, the loser realises that the girl he's seeking is right in front of him The film tells the story of a faithful wife, Arlisa (Nora Danish), whose blissful life is shattered when her husband Johan (Adi Putra) is involved in a car accident. Due to the accident, he is diagnosed with Selective Amnesia, which complicates and challenges his relationship with Arlisa. Not wanting to give up on her husband and their love, Arlisa is determined to care for Johan although he does not remember her at all, hoping to remind him of the bond they once shared. A corrupt cop approaches four convicts from a juvenile correctional institution to kidnap the daughter of a minister, for whom he is the benami. Little does he realize that the youngsters have their own axe to grind with the minister! Two strangers feel a supernatural connection after being involved in the same accident. After the death of Ayu, Kasyah raised their daughter Athirah all by himself. Katherina met with Kasyah again even though she was heartbroken. When their love has gone stronger they have to go through many challenges in order to make the relationship works. Will their love survive? Watch this epic love story and find out... In the short break between performances in Calais, stage actress Alix makes a quick escape to Paris. On the train she meets a mysterious English stranger and, for the most fleeting of afternoons, imagines what the future could hold down a different road. Though Kevin has evidenced 23 personalities to his trusted psychiatrist, Dr. Fletcher, there remains one still submerged who is set to materialize and dominate all the others. Compelled to abduct three teenage girls led by the willful, observant Casey, Kevin reaches a war for survival among all of those contained within him -- as well as everyone around him -- as the walls between his compartments shatter apart. Living behind the shadow of her mother, Kristin falls in love with Shane, an aspiring musician, whom she soon discovers to have something innately in common with her. Since the moment they met at age 5, Rosie and Alex have been best friends, facing the highs and lows of growing up side by side. A fleeting shared moment, one missed opportunity, and the decisions that follow send their lives in completely different directions. As each navigates the complexities of life, love, and everything in between, they always find their way back to each other - but is it just friendship, or something more?  Based on Cecelia Ahern's bestselling novel, LOVE, ROSIE is a heart-warming, modern comedy-of-errors posing the ultimate question: do we really only get one shot at true love? Dr. Evan Cooper is the ideal match on paper and according to her grandmother, Rose Durham and friends, including an equally pushy wedding planner, for florist Laurel Haverford, who fears to be the last of her generation to get married. Yet she keeps dragging her heels after meeting cocky Stephen Banks, who is all wrong on paper but makes her heart leap by pre chemistry. A nurse provides home care to a disabled Vietnam Vet. Unknown to her, she's part of a con game cooked up by her boyfriend. A top surgeon is besotted with a beautiful woman who once rebuffed him. Unable to come to terms with life without her, he tries to convince her that they need each other. She has other ideas, but a horrific accident leaves her at his mercy. Leyla, a young woman, is hired a math tutor for Antoine. As time passes by Leyla and Sami (Antoine's father) start an affair.  Felistas is cursed. She stinks. No one can stand to stay near her. This causes her to separate from her family and live as a lonely outcast in an abandoned house.  But one day, a witchdoctor finds a solution. A cry-baby man can inherit the smell from her. Felistas is hesitant to grab the opportunity, because she does not want another person to live through the pain that she has, but she longs to reunite with her husband and child. So she kidnaps such a man, Dan, who is a virgin desperate to get married.  However, Dan recently got a job that makes him very rich. This attracts the attention of Kate, a gold-digger woman who he has wooed for a long time, and that of a corrupt cop, Jomba, who frames him for murder in an extortion scheme. As Felistas races against time to deliver Dan to the witch and win back her husband's love, it turns into a high-energy chase with a voluptuous Kate and a trigger-happy Jomba hot on her tail. Over the course of a midsummer night in Fermanagh in 1890, an unsettled daughter of the Anglo-Irish aristocracy encourages her father's valet to seduce her. A close-knit circle of Toronto friends, shaken by the break-up of their favorite couple, are forced over a winter to finally grow up. My Name is Love tells the story of a young Thai guy who, when he was in high school really thought he was "all that". In fact, he was so used to girls liking him he often paid no attention to them. As he gets a little older, however, he falls in love with one of the most beautiful girls he's ever seen, only to discover she'd declared her love for him once before when she was really young, and he had been rude to her. Now he has to find out, can he get the girl to fall in love with him again and forgive him for what he did, or is he destined to lose her to someone else? Film director Sergey Paradjanov creates brilliant films. His nonconformist behavior conflicts with Soviet System. He is committed to prison for being eccentric. His indestructible love for beauty allows him to withstand the years of imprisonment, isolation and oblivion. A man named Valentine is alone on Valentine's Day., and it drives him mad. Meanwhile, other couples are experiencing their own problems. Jatt is a mischievous lovable sort of a guy whilst Juliet is the typical Punjabi modern day girl. Sparks fly when their paths cross on their way to Canada due to their different outlook on life. But as faith brings them together time and time again their hatred for each slowly turns into friendship only to realize its true meaning when they get separated. Will life give them one more chance to prove their love for each other or will they continue to be at loggerheads? Eighteen-year-old Xiaobin is a recent emigre in Buenos Aires, where she's joined her family after some time living apart. She gets a job in a deli, but her Spanish is not strong enough yet and she can't understand the customers, and is promptly fired. Soon after, she finds work in a supermarket, which is where she meets Indian immigrant Vijay, who asks her out on a date. Meanwhile, unbeknownst to her parents, who have no interest in integrating into Argentine society, Xiaobin begins taking Spanish lessons. The extremely clever conceit of The Future Perfect is that as Xiaobin learns new tenses, so her life moves from past and present to an unconditional, and even hypothetical, future. A small town girl is caught between dead-end jobs. A high-profile, successful man becomes wheelchair bound following an accident. The man decides his life is not worth living until the girl is hired for six months to be his new caretaker. Worlds apart and trapped together by circumstance, the two get off to a rocky start. But the girl becomes determined to prove to the man that life is worth living and as they embark on a series of adventures together, each finds their world changing in ways neither of them could begin to imagine. The gripping and heart-warming story of six people with various physical disabilities and an able-bodied partner who was in a relationship with one of them and their experiences with sex. A team of con men fall for a Begum and her female confidante. Does their love fructify? In this slacker bro-mantic comedy, writing partners Dulal and Mainak dream of shaking up the Bollywood film industry with their script "Sulemani Keeda" (Hindi street slang for "Pain in the Ass"). When they're not being rejected by producers who refuse to read their script, they lurk around bookstores and poetry slams shamelessly hitting on girls. They find some hope when the drug addled, cat-obsessed Gonzo Kapoor, the son of a famous B movie producer, hires them to write an art house film billed as "Tarkovsky with orgies" for his directorial debut. All seems well until Dulal meets Ruma, a beautiful photographer who makes him question his choice to sell out. Set in 18th Century Italy, RAPPACCINI'S DAUGHTER is the tale of a young scholar named Giovanni (Kristoffer Tabori) who falls in love with a beautiful, yet forbidden, girl who tends her father's poison garden. However, the strange and unearthly beauty of Beatrice (Kathleen Beller) masks a terrifying curse which Giovanni must tragically discover. Her father, the mysterious Dr. Rappaccini, has made her the subject of a diabolical experiment. In Giovanni's attempt to free Beatrice from the control of her father and to escape the poisonous effect she begins to have on him, he unwittingly destroys her. From the short story of master American novelist Nathaniel Hawthorne, two quintessential Hawthorne themes are explored: the sins of interfering with another's soul and the futility of trying to tamper with nature. Charlie and Dan have been best friends and business partners for thirty years; their Manhattan public relations firm is on the verge of a huge business deal with a Japanese company. With two weeks to sew up the contract, Dan gets a surprise: a woman he married on a drunken impulse nearly nine years before (annulled the next day) shows up to tell him he's the father of her twins, now seven, and she'll be in jail for 14 days for a political protest. Dan volunteers to keep the tykes, although he's up tight and clueless. With Charlie's help is there any way they can be dad and uncle, meet the kids' expectations, and still land the account? A South Korean exchange student named Ji-Ho gets to know Kaede and Yusuke at a Japanese university. Kaede and Yusuke can't seem to honestly convey their feelings for each other, so Ji-Ho takes it upon herself to play matchmaker while teaching them the Korean formula for successful romance. A doctor takes in a mysterious man who washes ashore at her remote cottage with a gunshot wound. Quickly they both learn the killer has arrived to finish the job, while a storm has cut them off from the mainland. In a future where water is scarce, a farmer defends his land and hopes to rejuvenate his parched soil. However, his daughter's boyfriend schemes to steal the land for himself. Alan made all the responsible choices in life: a steady job, a pretty wife, a safe and happy existence. But after his marriage with Mary disintegrates, he is suddenly plunged back into a bachelor's life at 32, forced to face the cost of the all things he gave up in his twenties. Meandering between newfound hobbies, his job, and meeting new women, Alan attempts to regain all the experiences he passed on while he was married. A woman is wrongly accused of murdering her husband in Edwardian London. Just before the outbreak of World War I, Edith Graydon married her boyfriend Percy Thomson. He survives the war but theirs is not a happy marriage. She doesn't really love him and he feels it every day. He's also possessive and their daily life is a constant battle. She meets and falls in love with Frederick Bywaters, her sister's one-time boyfriend. They have a long affair and her desperate attempts to get either a formal separation of divorce from her husband falls on deaf ears. They are at their wits end and Bywaters decides to do something about it. On a dark evening when Edith is walking with her husband, Bywaters stabs him to death. Edith is charged with murder along with Bywaters and both are found guilty. She claims her innocence right up until the day they are both executed by hanging in 1923. Base on a true story. It talks about a orphan who lives without a father and he loves boats. A film about friendship, awakening sexuality, first love, dreams, hopes... and about letting go and starting over again. A painter's new muse becomes his nemesis when he discovers her connection to his past. A documentary goes inside the out-of-time world of modern Hasidic women. Gia is at a crossroads in her life, with the arrows pointing towards Neil in one direction and Kabir in the opposite direction. She grapples with making a decision as she's torn between the two worlds that she's been living in. Love is the unanswered emotion that leads to a series of life altering situations . Amazed at life's sense of timing, she treads along a path that she believes will lead to her true love. A first-of-its-kind speed dating event for 70- to 90-year-olds sets up this comic and poignant look at the search for love among the booming senior set. Over one summer, we intimately follow as ten speed daters - fearlessly candid about their lives and desires - prepare for the big day, endure a rush of encounters, and anxiously receive their results. Then, as they head out on first dates, we discover how worries over physical appearance, intimacy and rejection, loss and new beginnings change - or don't change - from first love to the far reaches of life. A funny and bittersweet story about the universality of love and desire, regardless of age. Sean lives a harsh but successful life as a criminal in Los Angeles's rough suburbs. He has, in spite of a chaotic and violent childhood, created some order in his life. As long as order is maintained, he - along with his partner in crime Peter - can ensure that his criminal life does not fall apart. But like in any Greek tragedy, things are doomed to go wrong when he one day falls in love with the waitress Lilly. Sean thinks he can bring order to her life too, but the all-consuming heroin addiction can not be tamed so easily. 1967-1976. As one of history's greatest fashion designers entered a decade of freedom, neither came out of it in one piece. Two strangers meet in Manhattan on New Year's Eve, and both of their lives are forever transformed in this romantic Bollywood drama. Even as they try to preserve their current relationships, neither can resist falling head over heels for the other. The turbulent relationship between Oskar and Alex ends in a big blaze, Alex has set fire in Oskar's apartment. So Oskar decides that everything shall be different with the next one and he makes a deal with fun-loving Masha: sleeping together but no making love. They both drift through Berlin and through their lives, sometimes playful, sometimes obsessively. And even Masha has her issues. While trying to build up a "normal" relationship, both Masha and Oskar reach their limits.  - Written by Claudia Romdhane Gunslinger Jonah Hex (Josh Brolin) is appointed by President Ulysses Grant to track down terrorist Quentin Turnbull (John Malkovich), a former Confederate officer determined on unleashing hell on earth. Jonah not only secures freedom by accepting this task, he also gets revenge on the man who slayed his wife and child. Megan Fox plays a prostitute as well as Jonah Hex's love interst in the film. Desperate for companionship, a lonely, young Palestinian-American man agrees to marry an Israeli woman in need of a Green Card, forcing them to re-examine their respective cultural and familial traditions. Five close friends have been together since high school. They have stuck together throughout the years. One fateful day, they decided to take a three-month break and not communicate with each other in any shape or form. Their lives immediately took on different courses, with each pursuing their own dreams while holding on to the memories of their close friendship. When the agreed-upon break was up, the five met up with great enthusiasm, deciding to celebrate the event by going on a challenging and dream-filled adventure. A meaningful journey to raise the national flag on the highest peak of Java on August 17th, Indonesia's Independence Day. A journey filled with struggles that deepened their love for Indonesia. A journey for the sake of dreams, friendship and love, a journey of the heart that would forever transform their lives. Tsukasa got into a severe car accident when she was a high school student. She still suffers from the effects of that accident, with memory impairment and needing to use a wheelchair. Tsukasa falls in love with taxi driver Masaki. Even though they have difficulties, they try to make a happy family together, but they encounter another serious situation. The main character, Helmi, is born into the house of Baron von Strandmann in Old-Town Tallinn, in 1908. The only thing that she knows for sure about her past is that her mother was an Estonian servant girl. Everything else is a discovery during a life that runs the course of a century - a life that has quite a lot of surprises in store for Helmi. In this house she finds happiness and suffering, passion and disappointment. She grows up alongside young Erik and waits for her big love to blossom. But one floor down lives projectionist Julius - a man who is far from indifferent when it comes to Helmi. All of the biggest historical events of the century leave their mark on the house. Its hardwood floors have born soldiers' gruff boots and gentleman's shiny oxfords. Its walls have held the fates of people from far and near, foreigners and locals. Helmi's home becomes a German salon, a revolution museum, and a working class commune. And as freedom comes, real estate crooks start sniffing ...  A mysterious man from Alaska, known to be from the dark side, becomes addicted to sucking crack blood. He single handedly ends up cleaning the streets of Hollywood of all crack users and drug dealers. JAKE MORRISON (Christopher Dorrah)is a dedicated and respected criminal psychiatrist trained to help individuals cope with traumatic events in their lives. In one of his most bizarre cases, Jake finds himself going down a road that he never imaged traveling. It's through intense and mind boggling sessions that he discovers a common trait that he and his psychotic patient unknowingly share. The NYPD's newest in-mate, LEIGH (Numa Perrier), is a woman scarred by a devastating childhood. She witnesses the brutal murder of her mother by the hands of the woman that raises her. Some of the most progressive skateboarding ever captured on film, shot for over three years on location at legendary spots, DIY parks, and landmarks across the globe. Seeking funds for her orphanage in India, Isabelle travels to New York to meet Theresa, a wealthy benefactor. An invitation to attend a wedding ignites a series of events in which the past collides with the present while mysteries unravel. If you can imagine Lethal Weapon with Mel Gibson and Danny Glover as younger, hotter ex-boyfriends, you'll have the basis for Hot Guys With Guns, a modern take on the old-fashioned detective story. It's Chinatown meets Boystown. Standing on the precipice of adulthood, a group of friends navigate new relationships, while reexamining others, during their final summer before college. When Chris proposes to his girlfriend Sharon, she gives him a love ultimatum; He has 30 days to conquer his anger issues or she won't marry him. A young actor falls in love with a mysterious being encountered in a dream. A young brawler falls in love with a beautiful artist and must choose between his support system and his dreams. While her husband, the General is abroad, Lady Fitzadam decides to convert their army residence into a fishing resort for rich American tourists in order to raise money for their dream retirement cottage. The lives of a young couple intertwine with a much older man as he reflects back on a lost love while he's trapped in an automobile crash. In this Indonesian dramedy, high-schooler Rully's whole life changes when he moves in with his mother in a remote village. His new school feels like a prison camp filled with thugs and bullies, and even an innocent crush on a beautiful girl leads him to more trouble than he can imagine. An unaccredited tour guide and a heartbroken tourist form a romantic bond as they explore the wilds of Philippine Islands. Comedy that takes the audience on a pub crawl around the seaside town of Hastings with its ensemble of fun and kooky characters as they tackle everyday life. Diana, the Rebellious, and Justin, the Mysterious, throw us into a road movie from France to Great Britain. A runaway ? A quest ? Nobody knows...Diana is living openly under the yoke of Justin that she had found back. Night and day, as a novelist, she writes. Robert and Paula, office co-workers, start a relationship full of ups and downs to forget their respective ex. Will they make it? A young woman struggles to move on with her life after the death of her husband, an acclaimed folk singer, when a brash New York writer forces her to confront her loss and the ambiguous circumstances of his death. Three interconnected stories explore the complicated relationships of young, attractive Argentinian adults searching for true love A college student inherits a billboard sign business and inadvertently advertises her dating status while trying to sell ad space. Like many couples, April and Derrick feel like the spark is missing from their marriage. With the demands of work and their hectic schedules, they find themselves in a six-month dry spell. Desperate to shake up their love life and rekindle their passion for each other, they decide to share a steamy night with their free-spirited friends, Christy and Matt. Soon after, April and Derrick find themselves dealing with unexpected feelings and must find a way to let go of the mistrust and fall in love with each other all over again. Special event showing the four couples, Marion and Cedric, Jose and Liliane, Huguette and Raymond and finally Emma and Fabien, with friends in completely novel situations. The major difference compared to the TV show? For the first time, they are outside their usual environment! A young woman who has recently finished university is working a dead-end office job whilst looking for 'the one'. Why can't she find the man of her dreams? A dog groomer in Hollywood aspires to be more than a dog groomer in Hollywood. Michael Pinkney is a man struggling with his lower income lifestyle in the shadow of the film industry. HIs job is degrading, his home is filled with rats, and his mind constantly wanders into a lo-fi dreamscape that mirrors his analog video experiments. Michael's menial routine spirals out of control when he meets Cora, the girl of his dreams. The son of a Muslim emperor, Mahmut rejects his father's values and advocates a humanitarian approach to running the empire he will inherit. For him, there are more important things than power over others - namely the love he cherishes for Meryem, the daughter of a Christian monk. Rejecting the path chosen for him, Mahmut embarks on a dangerous journey looking for his love Meryem. It is this journey through a land in turmoil which will change both Mahmut and Meryem. 'Selam' is a Turkish movie that tells the impressive stories of three Turkish teachers who are idealists working at schools opened by Turkish entrepreneurs on three different continents and in three different countries: Afghanistan, Senegal, and Bosnia and Herzegovina.  This story is based on true events that has been in progress for more than 20 years in which a number of young people in love of peace and humanity leave their countries to teach, help and live in countries they have never heard of before. This is the story of people who live for their ideals and other people before themselves, and who leave their families, loves, friends, countries behind. They set on this pet just with the inspiration of the words which said "A couple of eyes are waiting for you here, but thousands of eyes are waiting in faraway lands." They had sacrifice and kindness in their bags, love in their hearts and a smiling Selam (greetings) in their tongues.  - Written by Akif Okumus Introverted Weichung has been married to Feng for nine years. They have one son together, and Feng would like to have another child with him. One day Stephen, an old friend who now organises weddings, appears and encourages Weichung to return to the gay life he had previously. Anxious not to lose his wife, Weichung tentatively begins seeing a flight attendant behind Feng's back. Ray, an ex-con and widower, is planning a coin heist with two accomplices to help him to buy his own bakery. However, he doesn't expect his son Timmy, who was living with Ray's sister, to show up at the house right in the middle of planning. Timmy is ignored and Ray and his buddies pull off the heist. Timmy gets his father's attention by stealing the coins and hiding them. To get them back, his father must take him to a number of different places and treat him like he enjoys his presence. They grow fond of each other but Timmy won't stay with his dad unless he gives up the coins. This is a story of a talented and ambitious musician who faces a major crossroads in his life. Paul's career has progressed to the point where he plays his own music in pubs, but he has struggled to go beyond that. It is a hand-to-mouth existence and Paul and his girlfriend, Sera, struggle to keep the bank balance in check.  However, one day an important music producer sees Paul play and, realizing he has talent, offers him a big contract. Paul throws caution to the wind and signs the deal, certain that this is his big break.  Unfortunately, the fine print in the contract stipulates that Paul make the kind of commercial music he vowed he never would, and also forces him to act under a stage name.  Now, Paul must decide if he is willing to sell his soul for financial stability. And whatever he decides, he realizes that it will have a lasting effect on his career and on his life. 15-year-old Kelly has a secret that she won't be able to keep for much longer.  A romantic awaits her Prince Charming. Observational glimpse into the under the radar world of boys unfolds over two years through the experiences of Noah and Colin, two friends who attend an elite private boys' school. Documentary follows the boys as they navigate from grade eight to the senior school, playing video games, singing like angels in the choir, and alternately goofing off or napping in class. William, a respected artist who lost everything after his divorce, arrives in Montreal on a job prospect. When the job falls through he then is saved and forms an erotic friendship and exposes his soul with a young woman named Paulette. After Robert, a marrying-up groom, 'accidentally' shoots his fiance's Maid of Honor in the face during a drunken skeet-shooting session, his meddling mother does whatever it takes to ensure the wedding takes place. Eddie lands his first teaching gig at an inner city middle school and finds his highly pubescent pupils are receiving no form of sexual education. Eddie isn't really equipped to teach them...he's not exactly experienced romantically. Documentary charting the life of blues guitarist B.B. King, with contributions from fellow musicians. A young neurosurgeon inherits the castle of his grandfather, the famous Dr. Victor von Frankenstein. In the castle he finds a funny hunchback, a pretty lab assistant and the elderly housekeeper. Young Frankenstein believes that the work of his grandfather was delusional, but when he discovers the book where the mad doctor described his reanimation experiment, he suddenly changes his mind. Charlie and his wife are walking in the park when they encounter Ambrose and his wife where they become attracted to each other's wife and start chasing them around the park. A policeman out looking for a masher also becomes involved. Two warring chefs and their restaurants are threatened by the 3-month deadline imposed to them by Don Manolo to vacate their place for it will be sold to a condominium developer. Quoting Borges is an essay about loneliness in the big cities and a tale of romantic longing for moments that are lost in time. Abhi (Jeet) is a funloving and extremely popular boy from Phoolbari, a small township in North Bengal. His father Indranath (Biswajit Chakraborty) is a highly respected man in Phoolbari. ... Sebastian is unemployed, finding pleasure only in his old Peugeot. He got married to his girlfriend Jazmin and having no income, he starts a job of a private ride service. One day, a regular customer, Jalil, an old Arab man suggests a long distance drive. During the ride from Buenos Aires of Argentina to La Paz of Bolivia, the two are in conflict with each other constantly. With a series of unexpected accidents, the journey brings a small but important change to both of their lives. All Benny wants to do is be more confident, stop thinking so much and fall in love. When he has a chance encounter with Jordan, a woman obsessed with the notion of fate and a magical kind of love, he may finally have the opportunity. That is, if he can get out of his own way and out of his head. Pretend We're Kissing is a film for all of those who don't think their love life resembles a romantic comedy. India - Lovebirds are young rebel lovers that risk their life just to stay together. They escape their families and persecution from India's ancient tradition of prohibiting marriage outside one's caste or religion. Different stories of Lovebirds on the run interweave in a poor shelter in New Delhi. There to help them is Mr. Sachdev who leads the Love Commandos, a group of Indian activists supporting their rebel choices. Pierre has been married for 15 years and has two kids. He still loves his wife and is fulfilled in his role as a father. Overall, he's a contented man. Until one evening, he meets Elsa. They chat, laugh, and joke around in a way that doesn't happen every day. Two weeks later, they run into each other again by chance. The same easy mutual attraction they felt for one another is just as strong, and they tell each other as much. A line has been crossed. But Elsa has a golden rule never to get involved with married men, and Pierre wants to remain faithful. They go their separate ways without swapping phone numbers, preferring to let life take its own course. As the line blurs between how they imagine their relationship and what has actually happened, their fantasies start to mingle with reality  A narcissistic artist's world turns upside down after his wife's affair and a disastrous exhibition of his work. Fifth Avenue socialite Irene Bullock needs a "forgotten man" to win a scavenger hunt, and no one is more forgotten than Godfrey Park, who resides in a dump by the East River. Irene hires Godfrey as a servant for her riotously unhinged family, to the chagrin of her spoiled sister, Cornelia, who tries her best to get Godfrey fired. As Irene falls for her new butler, Godfrey turns the tables and teaches the frivolous Bullocks a lesson or two. A young woman develops romantic feelings for her best friend, but problems arise when another gal enters the picture. Short film by Peter Kubelka.  Arnulf Rainer contorts his mind and body before the camera. A young photojournalist gets entangled in a political conspiracy when he witnesses Naxalites robbing a local bank. Karthik (Mahat Raghavendra) is a careless Engineering student, who is least bothered about his studies the result of which is 16 backlogs. He is in love with his classmate Priyanka (Archana Kavi), who splits from him and leaves for USA to pursue MS. The hell breaks loose when his parents (Sarath Babu and Pragathi) come to know about the backlogs.  Sun Xiangcheng, a self-styled professional fan organiser, is called from his home village of West Well Valley by his mother Yuanfang. Thinking he's highly connected with celebrities, she asks him to help organise the village's New Year celebrations The incredible destiny of Angelique: a beautiful girl who found in her love for Joffrey Peyrac the strength to fight injustice and submission in a century plagued by power struggles, inequality and the oppression. Kuba attends an art opening with his girlfriend of two years and bumps into Mikal. The connection between these two young men is instantaneous and intoxicating, and despite opposition from all sides, he allows Mikal into his life. The results go beyond anything he could have imagined. This intimate and bold second feature from Polish director Tomasz Wasilewski captures the often-complicated consequences of finding love where others do not want it. Chang Yau-Wai is a family committed news reporter. Together with his wife, they have their hands full with their children, including their soon to be wed daughter. Things, however, soon take a turn for the worst. Some time during the Rattanakosin Kingdom, Mak becomes a soldier and has to leave his pregnant wife Nak  at home in Phra Khanong. In the distant frontline he meets four soldiers who become his best friends. Menwhile his wife Nak struggles to give birth to their baby alone.  When the war is over, Mak invites his friends to go to his home and meet his beautiful wife Nak. But in Phra Khanong the rumor goes around town that Nak is a ghost. After a series of uncanny events his four friends and some villagers try to tell Mak that his wife is already dead. A showman introduces a small coastal town to a unique movie experience and capitalises on the Cuban Missile crisis hysteria with a kitschy horror extravaganza combining film effects, stage props and actors in rubber suits in this salute to the B-movie. Action - Diana lives her life trying to appease her husband's abusive outrages. She finds comfort and guidance in the arms of another man. When her husband discovers Diana's extramarital affair he threatens everyone she cares about. Lost and with no direction to turn, Diana finds solace in God and realizes she was never alone. -  April Marcell, Aries Marvin Uzzle, Ryan Harrington After a "white lie" which spirals out of control, a neurotic, naive and musically gifted Muslim cleric's eldest son must follow through with an arranged marriage, except he is madly in love with an Australian born-Lebanese girl. Drawn from a never before seen cache of personal footage spanning decades, this is an intimate portrait of the Sri Lankan artist and musician who continues to shatter conventions. Alex Whitman (Matthew Perry) is a designer from New York City who is sent to Las Vegas to supervise the construction of a nightclub that his firm has been hired to build. Alex is a straight-laced WASP-ish type who, while enjoying a night on the town, meets Isabel Fuentes (Salma Hayek), a free-spirited Mexican-American photographer. Alex and Isabel are overtaken by lust at first sight and end up sp A comedian tries to make it as a serious actor when his reality-TV star fiance talks him into broadcasting their wedding on her TV show. A comedy film that looks into the loosely connected lives of people with strange sexual fantasies. A woman with a dangerous fantasy and her partner's struggle to please her. A man who begins an affair with his own wife without her knowing anything about it. A couple struggling to keep things together after a sexual experiment spins out of control. A woman who can only find pleasure in her husband's pain. A call centre operator caught in the middle of a dirty and chaotic phone call. And the distractingly charming new neighbour who connects them all. Kurt Gerstein--a member of the Institute for Hygiene of the Waffen-SS--is horrified by what he sees in the death camps. he is then shocked to learn that the process he used to purify water for his troops by using Zyklon-B, is now used to kill people in gas chambers. The Bridge is the controversial documentary that shows people jumping to their death from the Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco. Director Eric Steel staked out for a year under the infamous bridge filming 23 suicides. The footage was then compiled along with interviews from family, friends, witnesses, and survivors to create this disturbing yet very intriguing documentary. In the 1910s, journalist Arvid Stjarnblom and painter's daughter Lydia Stille fall in love with each other. Martin, an ex-Parisian well-heeled hipster passionate about Gustave Flaubert who settled into a Norman village as a baker, sees an English couple moving into a small farm nearby. Not only are the names of the new arrivals Gemma and Charles Bovery, but their behavior also seems to be inspired by Flaubert's heroes. A love triangle forms between post-Enlightenment writer Friedrich Schiller and two sisters -- one who became his wife, and the other, his biographer. The film is an emotional journey of a common man to an unknown place with the hope to come home and lead a better life. The film revolves around a story of human survival adapted from a newspaper article of a real-life crisis event, when three oil workers from India were kidnapped and taken hostage in Sudan. Ilgin and Neva lived without love till 25 years. This is a history, based on true story, about a passionate adventure of two lovers...   The kingdom is in a festive mood as everyone gathers for the royal wedding of Rapunzel and Flynn. However, when Pascal and Maximus, as flower chameleon and ring bearer, respectively, lose the gold bands, a frenzied search and recovery mission gets underway. As the desperate duo tries to find the rings before anyone discovers that they're missing, they leave behind a trail of comical chaos that includes flying lanterns, a flock of doves, a wine barrel barricade and a very sticky finale. Will Maximus and Pascal save the day and make it to the church in time? And will they ever get Flynn's nose right? Abner Hale, a rigid and humorless New England missionary, marries the beautiful Jerusha Bromley and takes her to the exotic island kingdom of Hawaii, intent on converting the natives. But the clash between the two cultures is too great and instead of understanding there comes tragedy. Ishqeria is a story of a small town girl who falls madly in love with the most sought after guy in college. It is a journey of first love, growing up and second chances. Shirin Farhad Ki Toh Nikal Padi is a 2012 Bollywood romantic comedy film directed by Bela Bhansali Sehgal, starring Farah Khan, Boman Irani, Kavin Dave, Shammi, Kurush Deboo and Daisy Irani.  Genevieve and Adrian, two young friends, are individually seduced by the same young man. As the love triangle develops, the boundaries of their friendship come into question.  A filmmaker, reeling from the death of her famous father, falls down the rabbit hole of a charismatic homeless man who becomes the subject of her latest documentary and her new love interest. Gay seniors in Florida recount the best sex they ever had. The paths of four dream-chasing college friends cross with an array of colourful characters, from a tough-talking Punjabi female don to a Jugaad Baaz college watchman. Mayhem ensues. Stephanie and Ryan switch bodies after a magic night together. Floundering actress Saira Sethi and fledgling filmmaker Kevin Brown are two lost souls who find each other when Kevin casts Saira as his female lead. But their budding romance falters when Saira's past proves problematic on and off set. After searching for years for his parents whom he has never met, N Mars finally finds their where-abouts thanks to an old American Super 8 film. This leads him to a desolated region and a house in ruin which hosts stories of sorcery. Around midnight, a young couple and their transvestite maid prepare for an orgy. Their guests will be The Slut, The Star, The Stud and The Teen. The film follows the life of Miggy and Laida after their break-up which occurred after the events in the second film. Miggy, is now in a relationship with Belle while Laida is now a fiercer woman after living in the United States. They try to co-exist in the same company while Laida tries to oppose Miggy's business decisions through a series of events which made them realize the real definition of true love. A boy who grew up at the circus decides to leave his old life and go after the love of his life. An action-packed horror comedy, BLOODSUCKING BASTARDS stars Fran Kranz as Evan, a dutiful and overworked employee stuck at a soul-killing corporation with his beautiful co-worker and girlfriend Amanda (Emma Fitzpatrick) and his slacker best friend Tim (Joey Kern). Evans world begins to crumble when Amanda dumps him and his boss Ted (Joel Murray) hands his coveted promotion to his nemesis Max (Pedro Pascal). When his office mates start going through disturbing changes, Evan must find a way to stop the evil brewing admist the cubicles, and rescue his workplace pals before his life and career go from dead-end... to just dead. When an obsessive compulsive Asian-American actor meets the girl of his dreams on his way to therapy, he makes it his mission to convince her to stay when she tells him she's already planning on moving out of town for good. Meanwhile, he struggles to cope with uninvited guests who have overstayed their welcome in his one-bedroom apartment: his newly divorced and jaded best friend in need of a place to stay, and his aging but loving parents who are in town for dad's urgent operation (and who never fail to embarrass him). With seemingly the whole world giving him life advice after seeing him experience a series of disappointments with the girl and with his career, he suffers a nervous breakdown, forcing him to come to terms with what it means to truly live in the moment by reacting and acknowledging what's in front of him, rather than forcing what he wished were in front of him. A twist of fate leaves a hapless accountant romantically torn between two sisters. Mike and Dave are young, adventurous, fun-loving brothers who tend to get out of control at family gatherings. When their sister Jeanie reveals her Hawaiian wedding plans, the rest of the Stangles insist that the brothers bring respectable dates. After placing an ad on Craigslist, the siblings decide to pick Tatiana and Alice, two charming and seemingly normal women. Once they arrive on the island, however, Mike and Dave realize that their companions are ready to get wild and party. A female skiing champion is paralyzed in a tragic skiing accident. Her girlfriend is taken out of competition when she contracts polio.  The Weeknd live at Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival 2012 On a spur of the moment road trip, new friends Sophie and Pete hatch a misguided plan to get hitched. A mother travels to Patagonia with her autistic son with the hope that a ranger and a pod of wild orcas can help him find an emotional connection. In the film Koma, Kawase explores the relationship between fragile and often tense history between Korea and Japan through the relationship that develops between a third generation Korean-Japanese man, who unexpectedly visits the small and quiet village of Koma, and a Japanese woman, a somewhat mysterious inhabitant of the village. Some teenagers are ambitiously setting up a famous Jon Fosse-play. They hire a well known actor to be their mentor, unaware that he's going through a life crisis. Their new mentor chooses Vegard, promising footballer and local douchebag, to play the leading role. Following a bad breakup, relationship councilor Cormac Kavanagh starts sleeping with his clients in a misguided attempt to reignite their passions. In the hip Brooklyn neighborhood of Red Hook, single dad and record store owner Frank is preparing to send his hard-working daughter Sam off to college while being forced to close his vintage shop. Hoping to stay connected through their shared musical passions, Frank urges Sam to turn their weekly jam sessions into a father-daughter live act. After their first song becomes an internet breakout, the two embark on a journey of love, growing up and musical discovery. Fatally ill, Garvey thinks he has figured out how to die alone. But when his beloved wife Evelyn goes missing on their anniversary, he must live to save her. Widower Parminder Singh Puppy is worried about the future of his careless and spoilt sons Gunny and Manni. Both the sons falls in love with two sisters Rinki and Minki. Parminder Singh is planning his own marriage with another widow Dilraaj Kaur Dil who was his lover during collage and unknown to him, is mother of Rinki and Minki. Parminder is also unware of their sons's love life. Parminder and his sons goes to Dilraaj's house with marriage proposal, with father unaware that his sons want to marry and sons unware about their father's wishes. This follows a lot of chaos and drama in their lives. When an aspiring rapper goes viral for the wrong reasons, he thinks his career is sunk. But a wild party gives him one more chance to make it right. A young unemployed man finds work at a nuclear power plant and begins an illicit affair with the fiancee of one of his senior workmates. Siddhu (Sudheer), a naughty easy going guy falls in love with Indu (Asmita Sood). But Indu is the sister of Cherry (Ranadheer) who keeps on protecting his sister from others' eyes. But on the other hand Cherry he loves Anjali (Poonam Kaur), the sister-in-law of a dangerous man Bujji aka Shankar (Ajay). How things move among these people, how Siddhu plays with Shankar forms the main story. An extraordinary story of murder, love and political conspiracy triggered when a video of a murdered Guatemalan lawyer surfaced on Youtube in which he foretold his own death and named the culprits. An honest genuine writer discovers the painful truth of a handsome and charming, yet manipulative and toxic love interest. The film is about Khokababu (Dev) who is a cool and a clever guy. Bhaiji is a well-known don in his territory whom everybody fears and obeys. Khoka joins Bhaiji's circle as an accountant where he has a wacky senior Khanra Babu. Khoka with his super wit starts to obtain every luxury that a perfect office should have and starts to hoax Bhaiji. Problems occur when Khoka falls in love with Bhaiji's sister Pooja (Subhasree Ganguly). That's how our super-clever Chalu Cheez Khokababu takes the story ahead. A man disappears on the same day he makes his fortune in this re-imagining of a true story, which is still unsolved.  In this version of the disappearance of Ambrose Small, the setting has been changed from Toronto, 1919, to Chicago of the same year. Gorgeous cinematography in mostly black and white underscores the racial tensions of the time, while intentional anachronisms and Calgary-raised director Daniel Nearing's postmodern vision give the film an otherworldly quality.  While the investigation of Small's case is a central device, Nearing's real objective is to expose the characters of the time and stoke the flames of mystery. Middle-class Parisian suburbs: Blanche and Lea, office worker and student, meet and become friends. Lea is going out with Fabien, but is thinking of leaving him. Blanche falls for Lea's handsome and witty friend Alexandre, but is tongue-tied whenever she meets him. Lea goes on holiday and Blanche, still smitten with the dashing Alexandre, begins to get to get know Fabien. A classic Rohmer moral tale. What begins as an optimistic 'love story' quickly develops into despair when Yaelle's father ostracized her for her decision to have a lesbian wedding with Aya. Admiral McKee (Tom Skerritt) is retired, when following the events of 9/11 he receives a call from the White House informing him that his commander in chief requires him to serve his country once again. Shortly after this he is sworn into office as a senior member of the Office of Homeland Security under Tom Ridge. Once in office Admiral McKee faces the challenge of organising this new office so as to prevent further terrorist attacks against the United States. With this in mind Admiral McKee's wife, Elise Mckee, recommends he speaks to his friend, NSA Agent Sol Binder. Based on the real story of a French family, during 1878, this film is an adaptation based on the diary written by their daughter Chantal, on their ordeal as the first European colonizers who came to the wild lands of Patagonia, to enact their dreams and conflicts, through adventures and intense emotions. A shy young youth gets down in love,fails and transforms into a popular dude amongst his college mates. But does the change sustain? Karthik works in a software company. He falls in love at first sight with a girl Sruthi who attends his friend's wedding. He gets hold of the phone number of the girl and while noting it down he makes a mistake. And he ends up calling another girl. Meanwhile Sruthi falls in love with Karthik's colleague Madhu. The rest of the story is all about comedy of errors and how Karthik finds about his true love. It's This American Life's wildest, most ambitious live show ever! Nearly 50 actors, singers, dancers, musicians and comedians joined Ira Glass onstage at the Brooklyn Academy of Music's Opera House on June 7th, 2014 to try some things they'd never tried before. The result? Journalism turned into opera, into plays, into a Broadway musical. Comedy from Mike Birbiglia, and SNL's Sasheer Zamata. Songs from Stephin Merritt of the Magnetic Fields. Dance from Monica Bill Barnes & Company.  Carla and Marco are manic-depressive poets whose art is fueled by their emotional extremes. When they go off their meds, they end up in the same psychiatric hospital. As the chemistry between them stirs up their emotions, it intensifies their mania. Despite doctors' and parents' attempts to separate them, they pursue their beautiful but destructive romance which swings them from fantastical manic highs to suicidal depressive lows, until they have to choose between sanity and love.  A nameless, pill-popping drifter girl steps off a bus and into a New Jersey neighborhood bar owned by two middle-age brothers, Jimmy & Victor. She quickly befriends older brother, Victor--a good-natured lummox whose mind was affected by a childhood accident. The mysterious "Girl" soon upsets the delicate balance of the brothers' lives while bringing both trouble and new life into their resigned world and town. The story of a school festival that is being jointly organized by Tadakuni, Yoshitake, and Hidenori's all-boys school and an adjacent all-girls school. At an all boys high school, Tadakuni (Masaki Suda), Yoshitake (Shuhei Nomura) and Hidenori (Ryo Yoshizawa) are close friends and think usually all day about girls. Their high school then co-hosts a school festival with an all girls high school. Heli must try and protect his young family when his 12-year-old sister inadvertently involves them in the brutal drug world. He must battle against the drug cartel that have been angered as well as the corrupt police force. In the summer of 1991 an elderly woman Ghislaine Marchal is found murdered in the basement of her home with the message "Omar M'a Tuer" (Omar has kill me) written beside in her own blood. Despite a lack of forensic or DNA evidence, her Moroccan gardener Omar Raddad is found guilty and sentenced to 18 years in a French prison. Shocked by the case, and convinced of his innocence, journalist Pierre-Emmanuel Vaugrenard moves to Nice to investigate, and uncover the truth... Summertime. A cruising spot for men, tucked away on the shores of a lake. Franck falls in love with Michel, an attractive, potent and lethally dangerous man. Franck knows this, but wants to live out his passion anyway. Classmates Arjun and Divya fall in love out of defiance to her father's handling of their friendship. With fathers who are polar opposites, will this romance end in smiles or tears? Finding Samantha Dixon tells the story of Joshua, who finds an iPhone in an empty field and decides to track down the owner of the phone, a beautiful young woman named Samantha Dixon. But what begins as a lighthearted odyssey turns into a real mystery as all of her contacts and friends report not having seen her in weeks. An international romance about forbidden lovers and the forces keeping them apart. Four stories converge in a small town dominated by guns, drugs, sex and violence. For the minister's son, Brandon, this is a summer of awakening and acceptance of his homosexuality. For his father, this is a challenge to his roots in the bible. What are the rules that determine how attraction and desire are set free? Glances, unexpected smiles, confiding in unknown women. Long cherished fantasies, intimate friendships and unexpected meetings. In Volume 2 of the Sexual Tension diptych, Marco Berger and Marcelo Monaco take us on a journey through the twists and turns of female seduction: two guests of a hostel become roommates (and more); a keen shop assistant helps a woman uncertain about what dress to buy; the outset of a great passion between two girls during a picnic, even though one of them has a boyfriend. In the film we also find a conversation about Woody Allen between a waitress and a woman, which goes too far; and two high-class escorts who discover that they are attracted to each other, when they are in bed with a client. The film finally shows what could happen, but never did happen, and will probably never happen, to two thirty-year-old women. Maybe it would be better not to have sex with people we love. Sex ... Documentary about the tour of the band "The Strokes" in Europe in 2001.  Marked by losses and mismatches, Jose's eccentric family seek to be happy while locked in Paraiso Perdido, a nightclub that has stopped in time, where they sing popular romantic music. A rich gentleman who has a severe problem with his voice. His voice repels people from interacting with him. Set in the 1920s French Riviera, a master magician is commissioned to try and expose a psychic as a fraud. A 29-year-old lawyer  and her lesbian best friend experience a dramatic shift in their longtime bond after one enters a serious relationship A humorous survey of the history of the development of transportation technology in Canada. A young American studying in Paris in 1968 strikes up a friendship with a French brother and sister. Set against the background of the '68 Paris student riots. "Indigo Lady" is a Rashomon-style interview movie. The story is "a Nebraska ranching empire heiress murders her husband, butchers him the way her father taught her to butcher a hog, and 'cures' him in the meat cellar." The story is loosely based on various Nebraska news items, rumors, and a play written by the director. The play was produced by The Lorraine Hansberry Theater in San Francisco CA in 1993. The director and the actors completely improvised the dialogue and action. The movie was mostly green screened and each scene is a 'painting.' Kunchithapatham's unique name becomes the butt of joke and ridicule for others. He relates his failures to his name and wants to change it. He meets an astrologer who is popular in giving fancy names that could bring luck to people. His named his changed to Harish and soon after his luck changes. Premachi Goshta (Marathi: premaacii gosstt , meaning: Story of Love) is a 2013 Marathi language film directed by Satish Rajwade.  The story is all about LOVE and discovering that correct person in life who can become the life partner. It's a story of believing on the person in front, its like a leap of faith. A young man without ambition would like to know why his girlfriend kicked him out of her car in the middle of the night. As he walks from East Los Angeles to Santa Monica he learns about keeping and finding love in the City of Angels. Story about the journey of a Japanese girl named Ichigo who travels to Malaysia for a vacation along with a tour group from his country through a travel package by Strawberry Vanilla Travel &amp; Tours. As the secrets of Malaysia's beauty are revealed to them, Ichigo is also shown to harbour secrets of her own. Her true intention of travelling to Malaysia is to search for something that has long eluded his life... Spark is a good looking, charming yet a talented guy. His reputation lands him a job in advertising industry that made him a wealthy man. With his earning ability, Spark started to spend without knowing his limitation. Even to an extent when he can't clear all his credit card debts but he still believes that he can afford to have the best quality lifestyle. When Spark met Jackie, a beautiful successful young business lady from a wealthy family. Spark falls in love with her, but instead of romance, her existence leads up to Spark's financial problems and sets off the crisis of his life. A romantic thriller following four years in the lives of a young couple, from the reckless highs of new love to the lows of circumstances they cannot change on the periphery. A unique romantic comedy regarded as the male version of SEX AND THE CITY with a bit of SATURDAY NIGHT FEVER mixed in. This award-winning film (Golden Reel Award at the 2013 Nevada International Film Festival) is being called "A laugh-filled comedy with a very important and powerful message!" The film is written and directed by Mac Jay, who also stars in the film. An old flame is reignited and a new desire is awaken when Hollywood Actress Adina J. Spencer returns back to New York. Soon she is forced to face her sexual past, confront her present identity, and admit her true love. Goalie has just been released from prison after spending a year inside for keeping his mouth shut for his best buddy Ueli. He heads for his hometown of Schummertal, a small town where everyone knows you. He's going to start over, without drugs. Meanwhile, Ueli has gotten ever deeper into drugs, can't understand why Goalie suddenly wants to be a square. Although they've been friends since childhood, everything is different now. Goalie wants a new life but finds his past. Martha and Jed Richards live in Oregon in 1862. They and their two daughters moved there to make a new life, but the daughters died of cholera along the way. This has left Martha an emotional wreck, and she is unable to move on with her life. That is until an orphan named Danny comes to live with them. Jed immediately accepts Danny as his son, but Martha is still too upset to be able to love him. As time passes, however, she finds herself more and more able to accept him as part of the family. A jet-setting model leads a freewheeling life in Mexico City until she falls in love with an artist. I Origins follows a molecular biologist studying the evolution of the human eye.  He finds his work permeating his life after a brief encounter with an exotic young woman who slips away from him.  As his research continues years later with his lab partner, they make a stunning scientific discovery that has far reaching implications and complicates both his scientific and and spiritual beliefs.  Traveling half way around the world, he risks everything he has ever known to validate his theory. A master thief recruits a notorious thief to help him steal two famous Faberge eggs from an impenetrable vault in an effort to pull off one final job and repay his debt to the Russian mob. A 1964 handsome real estate agent, Drew Drake, must buck societal norms and make a commitment of marriage to his longtime love and comedy partner Whitey Ford. A young man with mental health issues becomes intimate with a suicidal air hostess but his obsessive mother enlists a dysfunctional cop to separate them. This documentary features extraordinary people whose passion for wine led them to create another career as a vintner, including: David Coverdale, lead singer of Whitesnake and Deep Purple Dick Vermeil, coach of the Philadelphia Eagles, St. Louis Rams, and Kansas City Chiefs Tamara Mowry-Housley, star of "Sister, Sister" and "Tia and Tamera" Bob the Steer, former slaughterhouse steer Jonathan Cain, songwriter and keyboardist of Journey Carmen Policy, president of the San Francisco 49ers- Just to name a few! Private school principal Khongorzul is a single mom, lives with her teenage daughter Tsetseg and disabled son Jargal. When Tsetseg, 19 years old, dancer falls in love with a 10 years older drug dealer Tugs: Khongorzul and her family's life changes forever. Trying to find out, whom her daughter hangs out with Khongorzul investigates and in one freak confrontation she accidentally kills her daughter's boyfriend. She hides the dead body and tries to live with her life as normal as possible. Dandar, an about-to-retire detective gets one last job to find Tugs and he gets on Khongorzul's murder trial. Dandar finds out Tugs was a drug dealer and a womanizer and his murder was just an accident and instead of turning Khongorzul in, Dandar helps her to get away with murder. Amar, Akbar &amp; Tony follows the lives and loves of three childhood friends through twists and turns as the characters face sudden and unforeseen changes to their idealistic and trouble-free young lives. With hilarious and sometimes tragic consequences, the brotherly bond shared by the trio is forced to come to terms with some unexpected challenges. Interracial marriage, near fatal accidents and stints in prison will test old friendships and family values. A coming of age comedy drama showing the absurdities of life can also be the most amusing. The story begins when Lupus moved to new  high school "Merah Putih". There he met with Poppy (Acha Septriasa) and immediately fell in love with the girl. But Poppie've got another lover, Daniel (Kevin Julio). At the new school, Lupus meet unique new friends, like Gusur(Jeremy Christian), strange artist who has aspirations to buy a house for his grandpa who had been living in with my sister-in-law. While Poppy busy with his business, Lupus and his companions planned to join the race "go green" that held the Ministry despite opposition by the high school Principal. Alexander, the King of Macedonia, leads his legions against the giant Persian Empire. After defeating the Persians, he leads his army across the then known world, venturing farther than any westerner had ever gone, all the way to India. In a small Anatolian town life goes on; Cemal is an assistant referee in football matches, Yasemin works in an egg factory, Defne is a street vendor who sells books, Doctor Irfan is occupied with his patients...  In this town with two suns and three full moons in the sky, Cemal -who can see through the walls- has no expectation out of life and looks for a way out with Yasemin -who can move objects with her fingers- as he was trying to deal with the distress that fell on his. However, Defne, who can freeze time will muddle things up; Yasemin's immortal boss' actions will contradict the invisible elementary school teacher's advices who is trying to eliminate the worries of Cemal.  Thou Gild'st the Even is a black and white movie about the ordinary sorrows, worries and troubles of the townsmen with extraordinary abilities. After many years apart, Emilie (26) meets her brother Jakob (22) again. She not only shares her sadness about the loss of their parents with him, but also a secret... In full military uniform, Chad is welcomed back to his Midwestern hometown by new and old friends alike. From the bus stop, Chad works his way through his old stomping grounds, getting A romance between a Sikh girl Naina Kaur and a Rajasthan boy Maulik.  The feature film will highlight the vibrant culture of a place which was once the hub of life during the Mughal rule.The film has been named after Paranthe Wali Gali, Old Delhi's famous by-lane known for its wide array of tempting paranthas, because the place will be shown as a backdrop of the film. Aoi Nishimori's parents moved to another city for work, but Aoi didn't want to transfer to a new high school. She stays behind and lives in an apartment by herself. Shusei Kugayama moves in next to Aoi's apartment. Shusei is a very popular student at their high school. Due to a mistake, Aoi makes the sprinkler go off in his room. Until Shusei's room is fixed, he stays with Aoi. Mathias Gold (Kevin Kline) is a down-on-his-luck New Yorker who inherits a Parisian apartment from his estranged father. But when he arrives in France to sell the vast domicile, he's shocked to discover a live-in tenant who is not prepared to budge. His apartment is a viager - an ancient French real estate system with complex rules pertaining to its resale - and the feisty Englishwoman Mathilde Girard (Maggie Smith), who has lived in the apartment with her daughter Chloe (Kristin Scott Thomas) for many years, can by contract collect monthly payments from Mathias until her death. An immature, newly unemployed comic must navigate the murky waters of adulthood after her fling with a graduate student results in an unplanned pregnancy. High school sweethearts QiaoQiao and Li Xing are about to graduate from university and Li Xing surprises QiaoQiao with a marriage proposal. QiaoQiao, however, declines the proposal, offering rash arguments as to why he's not ready. Little does he know, QiaoQiao has a devastating secret. Nonetheless, they write a break-up contract; if they're both single in five years, they'll get married. The two part ways and five years pass. Believing Li Xing is still waiting for her, QiaoQiao waits patiently for his call. But when Li Xing finally does contact her it's to invite her to his wedding. QiaoQiao is flabbergasted and is determined to win her former flame back at any cost-even though the secret that forced them apart lingers. Can their love truly be reignited? Tonatiuh and Maria experience a passionate and turbulent relationship. One night, in the heat of an argument, they suffer a dramatic automobile accident. Tonatiuh is left in a coma, where he sees Alicia, his nurse, including her in his dreams about Maria. Time later, Alicia has an accident and suffers amnesia while Tonatiuh wakes up. One year later, Tonatiuh and Alicia meet  and an impossible love arouses from oblivion, haunted by the ghost of Maria's memories. Anger rages in Philip as he awaits the publication of his second novel. He feels pushed out of his adopted home city by the constant crowds and noise, a deteriorating relationship with his photographer girlfriend Ashley, and his own indifference to promoting the novel. When Philip's idol Ike Zimmerman offers his isolated summer home as a refuge, he finally gets the peace and quiet to focus on his favorite subject: himself. A lonely and intense man invites a mysterious woman he met online into his house. He gets much more than what he bargains for as this strange young woman takes over his life. What transpires is a dramatically intense and darkly comic journey about love, co-dependency and loss. The story is about Myra Tan Sri Johan who initially wants to get married to her own choice Malek, but unfortunately Malek suddenly cancel the wedding because of another girl. Tan Sri Johan and Puan Sri Mahani were very disappointed because all the preparation has been done and all the invitation cards have been sent out. In the meantime, Razlan Ariffin who is very dedicated man and trusted among his family has been recently rejected by her fiance because she wants to further her studies. Razlan accepted the fact that he and Mila is not meant to be together. Tan Sri Johan finally decided to ask help from his sister-in-law, wife of his late brother, Ramlah. His initial aim is for Myra to marry Razlan. But Myra and Razlan background is different and they also have different ways of thinking. Myra and Razlan were married and finally their love story begins when Myra become attracted to Razlan personality and his sincere hearts. Grand romantic gestures need not apply in this comedic tale of star-crossed young love. Instead, freshman Brian Kieslowski displays endless reserves of bumbling awkwardness as he goes home with a girl for the first time... and then learns that he got her pregnant... with twins... all while she's going through a rather inconvenient Christianity phase. Could it be that being the good guy and doing what's right are two very different things? Emily is the girl that the world seemingly forgot about. Abandoned and forced into the foster care system, Emily turned to a dark world of sex and drugs to hide her fear. The only thing that can save her is the one thing she has never known: love. Two very different restless youths join a swimming competition for love and friendship which is, in fact, a rite of passage to growing up. Felix is on the edge. He has got just one thing on his mind: Valerie - his wife, who has recently left him. He returns to the place of their final break-up. Valerie's ex-lover Thomas is also here, but not for sentimental reasons. By chance the two men meet in a restaurant. By chance Felix discovers who he is facing. And then starts the inscrutable game. Set in beautiful Trinidad and Tobago, BAZODEE is a Bollywood style Caribbean musical about being true to yourself and honest in love at all costs. An enigmatic outsider living on a remote Scottish island finds herself caught between her minister husband and the delinquent who is sent to live with them. Tel Aviv, Summer 1989. Boaz, a beautiful and alluring linguistics student, receives anonymous, male written love letters, that undermine his sexual identity and interfere on his peaceful life with his beloved girlfriend. During the Great Depression, a con man finds himself saddled with a young girl--who may or may not be his daughter--and the two forge an unlikely partnership. Sassi, a self-proclaimed painter in his 60s, tries to make a mark in the society but fails with every attempt. He is soon diagnosed with a terminal illness, following which he moves back to his hometown to spend his last few days. His days turn rather boring and uninteresting until he learns of a newly designed coffin, having all sorts of advanced features in it, and finally, knows how to spend his last days. Two beautiful actresses of Ollywood - Riya Dey and Punam Mishra are in the female leads opposite Babusan. Himansu Parija (Chandi Parija) is going to direct this movie. Abhijit Majumdar will compose music. Noboru is a high school student who isn't popular at all. He looks up to senior student Miyazaki who is one of the most popular guys at school. Miyazaki has two girlfriends: Momose and Tetsuko. Momose and Tetsuko have totally different personalities. Momose is bright and Tetsuko is a popular student from a wealthy family. One day, Miyazaki is caught with Momose. To keep his relationship with Tetsuko, Miyazaki asks Noboru and Momose to pretend they are dating. They both agree due to their affections for Miyazaki. Noboru and Momose begin to act like a couple in front others and soon Noboru begins to develop feelings for Momose, who is still in love with Miyazaki.  Vandana is a fashion designing student in Vizag, who convinces her parents to let her move to Hyderabad. Arjun, is a Hyderabad-based game developer. The two become friends and after one bad experience with her roommate, Vandana moves in with Arjun. When Vandana's mother learns of this, she rushes to Hyderabad and brings her back to Vizag. That's when the estranged friends realize their true feelings for each other. Steve Giardino, an abrasive workaholic Wall Streeter, and his wife Jackie divorce after twenty-six years of marriage and find themselves thrust back into the dating world in middle age and in search of a new life. One rainy day, a young auto-repair shop worker, Cheol, falls in love with the housemaid of a rich family, Young-Hee. Cheol lies to her that he is a college student, and she also conceals what she does. They meet on rainy days only because she has a chance to have a a French-made raincoat. They rendezvous continue, but both of them can hardly find a chance to confess the truth about each other. So they are to split up, but still, they confess the truth to each other. A group of friends and the insanity that occurs over the course of a summer.  Tim is devastated after being dumped by his longtime girlfriend of two years. With the help of his animated friends; Mils (The Stoner), Chris (The Geek) and Dax (The Alpha Male), Tim will pursue a new relationship, learn more about himself, and continue on his path to becoming a man.  A British spy is banished to Panama after having an affair with an ambassador's mistress. Once there he makes connection with a local tailor with a nefarious past and connections to all of the top political and gangster figures in Panama. The tailor also has a wife, who works for the Panamanian president and a huge debt. The mission is to learn what the President intends to do with the Canal. Who is Koca Popovic? Artist, poet, surrealist, philosopher, warrior, general, cynic, statesman, spoiled son of a rich man, genius war leader or a bon vivant? A Serb who learned French language before his own, a convinced communist who made fun of the communist dogma, sportsman, vice-president of Yugoslavia who drove to work in his Spacek? Answers to these questions could be: all of this and none of it really. In fact, who is Koca Popovic remains a mystery even today. A mystery that this film will at least try to unravel. A Korea-Japan collaboration, this romance comedy is about a top model who decides to put on weight for love. Contemporary Moscow, home to several people who apparently lead a totally carefree life. They have all acquired status in society, and at first sight seem to have everything they desire. But each of them is lacking something, and each has their own intimate secret. A young man and a veteran meet for the last time before the war will separate them. Assistant TV commercial director Choi Bo-Na is tasked with doing anything and everything at work. Due to overwork her appearance is always a complete mess, she also hasn't dated in many years. After the death of her parents, a young woman assumes primary guardianship of her special needs brother. But as she attempts to balance her new life with her brother and her own blossoming romance, it becomes painfully clear that life will only make room for one. A movie directed by Walter V. Marshall Helena Maria Balbinot, a countryside teacher from the south of Brazil, exchanged letters during 24 years with Brazilian modernist poet Carlos Drummond de Andrade. The movie reveals part of these letters. Through scenes of poetry and extreme beauty, this friendship is reinvented in the audience eyes. A meeting between the poems of Drummond and the particular universe of Helena Maria. Based on the literary classic by Thomas Hardy. Bathsheba Everdene, attracts three very different suitors: Gabriel Oak, a sheep farmer, captivated by her fetching willfulness; Frank Troy, a handsome and reckless Sergeant; and William Boldwood, a prosperous and mature bachelor. This timeless story of Bathsheba's choices and passions explores the nature of relationships and love - as well as the human ability to overcome hardships through resilience and perseverance. Smart, successful, and charming, Elsie is the perfect girlfriend; she also happens to be a serial monogamist, with a long history of broken hearts. When Elsie breaks up with her long-standing girlfriend to pursue another woman, she faces her mother's disapproval, conflicting advice from friends, and the nagging suspicion that she may have made a big mistake.  Set in the Parkdale neighborhood of Toronto, Portrait of a Serial Monogamist invites audiences to peek behind the curtain to a world of smart, funny and relatable queer characters, dealing with the universal complications of modern relationships. Not another coming out story, this is a fresh coming-of-middle-age romantic comedy. Leigh has made a film about how Darren and Joe met and fell in love. Due to its exaggerated nature, personal complications ensue. A dramatic short based on true events in which a brave mom hides a shocking truth from her daughter who believes she is a princess and mom is a warrior. A nonfiction fairytale about love, death, art and the letting go. A group of wannabe teen filmmakers team up to shoot a gritty, London-set Romeo and Juliet-style movie about their lives, to win PS10,000 in a filmmaking challenge set by an award-winning director. Comedy - A bald, out of work actor finds immediate and overwhelming success when he discovers the power of persona in the form of a cheap wig. -  Jesse C. Boyd, Najee De-Tiege, Hollie Shay Sunhi from the Department of Film stops by the school one day to get a letter of recommendation from Professor Choi to leave to the US. She expects him to write her a nice one since he took favor to her. She runs into two men from the past she's never met in a long time; Moon-soo, a recently turned movie director and senior director Jae-hak. In the 1943 invasion of Italy, one American platoon lands, digs in, then makes its way inland to attempt to take a fortified farmhouse, as tension and casualties mount. Unusually realistic picture of war as long quiet stretches of talk, punctuated by sharp, random bursts of violent action whose relevance to the big picture is often unknown to the soldiers. I get up and have breakfast. Don't get old. I'm so Unhappy Happy. Hildegarde Withers (ZaSu Pitts) and Inspector Piper (James Gleason) try to solve a murder while attending the opening-night performance of a Broadway show. Comedy-mystery. Sam (David Zellner) runs into Lacey (Stephanie Wilson) walking her dog in the park. She doesn't seem too thrilled to see him. But he is really, really thrilled to see Choo-Choo. The dog used to be his and he is less-than-thrilled to learn that Lacey has since re-named the dog Rummy. This fateful first encounter (after a break-up three years ago) triggers a rapid escalation of tensions in this typically funny and bizarre early Zellner tale. A neurotic couple's obsession with a mysterious puzzle comically unravels their world, disconnecting them from reality and jeopardizing their fragile relationship. HANNA loves YANN and the lettres filmees that he sends her, short, poetic films recorded with an iPhone. Yann loves Hanna, but mistrusts her. He leaves her, but does not leave her alone. ... Ivana Cornejo is just getting used to being single again after her divorce three years ago. After an exasperating call from her ex-husband, she throws her cell phone away. Fortunately, the man who finds it calls her to return it, and to her amusement they have an instant rapport. The man on the other end of the phone is Leon Godoy, a renowned architect with a charming voice and a charismatic personality. They schedule a date so that he can return the cell phone. When Leon arrives, Ivana is surprised: he is everything she had imagined, except for one unexpected and startling detail... he's only 4'5" tall. Prone to wander, Tyler McMillan has it all but doesn't appreciate living in the shadow of his over-achieving brother. With an early inheritance in hand from his trusting father, Tyler heads to Vegas indulging in gambling, parties and riotous living. His addictions lead him into a den of thieves and the prospect of losing everything, including his own life.His father's only wish is that Tyler will return safely home. Can a child stray so far, a father's love can't save him? Tuscan Wedding, the new romantic comedy from the creators of Loving Ibiza. Together with her father Tom and stepmother Marla, Sanne runs Casa Matrimonio, a luxurious villa in sunkissed Italy.  The estate is located in Tuscany, a beautiful region where many couples go to have their perfect wedding. In Casa Matrimonio guests come together to celebrate love and life. A Tuscan Wedding is the apotheosis of everyone's visit to the country side. And for some the villa is all too familiar as they return again and again: because some people only marry twice. Samir, a lanky crane operator in Montreuil, falls madly for Agathe. As master swimmer at the pool Thorez he decides to take swimming lessons with her. But the lie does not last three lessons - Agathe hate liars. Chosen to represent the Seine-Saint-Denis, Agathe flies to Iceland for the 10th Congress of the International Masters Swimming. Samir has no choice but to fly in turn also. It is normal to face challenges in love, career, and friendships when growing up. In this film, 13-year-old Tank meets 3 good friends Dean, Fai and Ian on the street one day by chance. They are all musically talented and the friendship grows because of a piano shop. Tan helps them to promote their piano shop and recruit classmates at his school, but is discovered by his teacher and the school discipline master... Nevertheless, the four keep trying to make a success of the business. In the meantime, Dean is mourning his lost love and regrets what he did; Fai is bitter because his talents go underappreciated. They all have their own problems and life is not happy. Then they meet a musically talented air-conditioner technician. Seeing how a shy boy made a success of his job, their attitude begins to change. Tank understands and wants to be grown up and ask his dream girl to be his girlfriend one day. The congenial Vojta is bashful and his family is batty. His short-tempered father, who once failed to swim the English Channel, wants him to be a competing swimmer and his loving mother, a former child ice revue star, sees a talented pianist in her son. But Vojta has completely different priorities - most of all his red-haired classmate Ela, an enchanting synchronized swimmer who is leaving for Paris in November. If Vojta doesn't do something radical, and fast, Ela will disappear behind the Iron Curtain forever. The year is 1989. This is the story of Amit and Samara - two souls in Mumbai, a city of millions and how the universe conspires to bring them together. This is a coming of age film about how two people are destined to meet but only when their individual lives are ready for each other. Through a chance encounter, a series of coincidences and fates helping hand, Amit and Samaras lives intersect and affect each other. Whether they can find their true paths or not, only time will tell. The story of two childhood friends who are forced to re-think their friendship as adults. When Jake is injured in a car accident, the only person willing to take care of him is his childhood friend Sam. With the aid of a tough-as-nails physical therapist, Sam helps Jake recuperate, but when Sam's high school crush enters the picture, old habits and bitter rivalries resurface, threatening to tear their friendship apart. A young artist's bittersweet love affair with the city of LA. Merritt Blake, an American architect who is travelling in Spain, contracts the services of beautiful local interpreter Mari Zarubia. Sensing there may be something more going on, her jealous lover is not happy about the arrangement. Chattakkari is a 1974 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan and produced by M. O. Joseph, starring Lakshmi, Mohan Sharma, Adoor Bhasi and Sukumari in lead roles. The film written by Thoppil Bhasi based on Pamman's famous novel of the same name. It was the first Malayalam film of Lakshmi and also the start of her romance with co-star Mohan Sharma. It bagged the Kerala State Film Award for Best Actress for Lakshmi, Kerala State Film Award for Best Actor for Adoor Bhasi who played Laxmi's alcoholic father, and the Filmfare Award for Best Feature Film in Malayalam. Storywriter Pamman received the Kerala State Film Award for Best Story. It has the distinction of being the first Malayalam film to run continuously for 40 weeks in a Bangalore theatre. All Songs composed by well known music director G. Devarajan were instant hits. Four guys on a bachelor party get off the subway at a station that shut down in the 70's and, after watching a transit cop get brutally murdered, find themselves running for their lives beneath the streets of NY. On a freezing January evening, school bus driver Lesley completes her route, but her final inspection abruptly ends when a bluebird comes into view. What happens next shakes her small Maine logging town, proving that even the slightest actions have enormous consequences.  A luxury hotel. Steaks frizzle, muffintops getting massaged. Clemens (rare) joins the wellness area as a rookie.  Lara (well-done) needs to assert herself in the kitchen pack.  The elevator brings the two of them together.  They encounter each other, until they clash. Jack is a widowed "end-of-the-roader" struggling with his continued depression as he falls for Ruby, a passionate environmental engineering grad student who is embroiled in a poisonous waste controversy that threatens to shut down the biggest industry in her state. A romantic comedy film, a series of interesting stories, to a point of almost exaggeration, told via blind dates involving various modern urban men and women. A young caterer's life suddenly changes course when she inherits a country home and learns she must share it with a career obsessed Wall Street trader. At first, these opposites do not attract, but feelings begin to change when they find themselves having to work side-by-side to restore their newly acquired home. A happy family returns from a vacation to find their home invaded by a criminal family and must fight for survival. When a chance encounter brings together the cynical Dell and the quick-witted Kimberly, the stage is set for a tempestuous love affair that unfolds like a puzzle. As the film zigzags back and forth in time-from a meteor shower in LA, to an encounter in a Paris hotel room, to a fateful phone call-an unforgettable portrait of a relationship emerges. Mikko Virtanen feels like a Swedish soul trapped in a Finnish body. Full of disgust for everything Finnish, he sees Sweden as heaven. Upon meeting a suicidal Swedish psychologist Mikael Anderson, he seizes an opportunity for an identity switch. Raspberry Boat Refugee is a comedy about cultural differences in the Nordic countries, their nationalism and, not least, prejudices about our neighbours. It also proves how futile it is to try to escape oneself. A young teacher from Oudtshoorn, Cybil Ferreira, will do anything in her power to ensure the success of her project at the small farm school, Kalfieskraal. Cybil dreams about establishing a centre at the school that will provide a safe haven for the local children.  The problem is, Cybil's dream is in danger of collapsing before it even gets off the ground. The land Kalfieskraal is situated on is for sale, and none of the possible buyers are interested in her project. Not even her wealthy fiancee, ostrich farmer Meyer Labuschagne, could be bothered about her project or the fate of the children.  Then Frans Coetzee comes into the story. A filmmaker with a broken heart, he is in the Klein Karoo with his team to make a documentary about social upliftment work in the area - and in the process hopefully forget about women, love, and all the baggage that comes with it. A quirky comedy about a Japanese guy who wants to become the next big Indian Film Superstar, just like his idol Rajinikanth. Adalbert, a paranoid, overprotective single dad imposes a set of 20 rules on his daughter Sylvie before she leaves the small town of Ormont-Dessus for university. Making sure that she obeys them perfectly, he secretly follows her to Basel, but ends up falling in with a party crowd and breaking all the rules himself. Love and desire fill the minds of villagers in a Hungarian speaking village in Transylvania, Romania, even in their old age. Time has stood still here, and although most of the village's inhabitants are elderly, they are refreshingly young at heart. Insects mate, stories are born. The concept of "love" gets put under  the looking glass in this captivatingly maverick film. Manuel, a lonely  36-year-old, begins an unusual friendship with the much younger Alma.  A young foreign couple set out on an idyllic backpacking trip in Costa  Rica. A Mexico City taxi driver visits a dive bar where he meets a sexy  lounge singer. Vicente runs into an old classmate from high school and  has something profound to share with her. Meanwhile, throughout the  film, different couples speak about their relationships and thoughts Alex despises Modern Art but when he falls in love with an adorable French artist, he understands that the only way to conquer her heart is to pretend he is an artist. He now must win a Modern Art contest in order to win her heart. A Mohawk war photographer and a Palestinian refugee attempt to overcome the inertia-inducing forces of culture and politics. In a small Caribbean town called Dangriga two up and coming musician, an overly jealous drum teacher, James and a gas station attendant Eddie, devise a plan to impress a major TV show host who is stranded in Dangriga. The plot proves to be too much for James to handle when the producer lusts after his beautiful wife, and things spiral out of control. Buttercup Bill is the psycho-sexual romance of Patrick and Pernilla- mutually obsessed soul mates clinging to childhood secrets. Closer to twins separated at birth than friends or lovers, they express love through sexual games of jealousy and subversion and seek escape from a reality they believe has no place for them. Bryan meets a man called Bill in a bar. They go back to Bryan's home and have unprotected sex. Later, they wake up and talk. Bryan discovers that Bill's real name is Brian, and that he is bisexual. They spend hours talking, covering topics including AIDS, sexuality, feminism, role-play and Emily Dickinson. A teenage girl deals with her parents forgetting her birthday and a crush on her high school's heartthrob. Erik, Ryan, and Cooze start college and pledge the Beta House fraternity, presided over by none other than legendary Dwight Stifler. But chaos ensues when a fraternity of geeks threatens to stop the debauchery and the Betas have to make a stand for their right to party. Born out of wedlock early in the last century, Violette Leduc meets Simone de Beauvoir in postwar Saint-Germain-des-Pres. An intense lifelong relationship develops between the two women authors, based on Violette's quest for freedom through writing and on Simone's conviction that she holds in her hands the destiny of an extraordinary writer. After returning to the Dominican Republic, Vera finds out that her stepbrother, Andres, has dropped out of his MBA and that her stepfather has not been seen around the house for a few days. She also meets Santiago, a charming photographer, who quickly invites her to the south of the country: a region she longs to see. Andres stumbles upon a devastating reality about his father that forces him to flee along with Vera and Santiago to the south to avoid facing the truth. In 1905, after 10 years of missionary work in Africa, the Rev. Charles Fortesque is recalled to England, where his bishop gives him his new assignment - to minister to London's prostitutes Mareike (Lika Berning) is a city girl and successful in her demanding career. The same can not be said for her love life. After a confrontation with her boss, she decides to swop the city for the platteland and a bakery that she inherited from an aunt. But her new life in the small town is more than she expected. Apart from the fact that she must trade her business suits for an apron, things really hot up when she must choose between Mr Handsome and Mr Right. A sperm donor becomes impotent - and so he searches for the woman, who got his sperm, to become a father after all... Enjoying college life as a popular student, Laura shares everything with her more  than 800 friends on Facebook. But one day, after accepting a friend request from a  social outcast named Marina, Laura's life is cursed... Vamsi, a thief adept at scaling high-rises, is hired by Maya along with two others to carry out a huge burglary. The events unfold to reveal Maya's true motives as well as Vamsi's painful past. Alan Clay, a struggling American businessman, travels to Saudi Arabia to sell a new technology to the King, only to be challenged by endless Middle Eastern bureaucracy, a perpetually absent monarch, and a suspicious growth on his back. A romantic comedy built around the characters of "20 something" friends in a small town. They all stumble into a situation that no one in the town has ever encountered, thus bringing about unfamiliar situations with each other. The Theory of Everything is the extraordinary story of one of the world's greatest living minds, the renowned astrophysicist Stephen Hawking, who falls deeply in love with fellow Cambridge student Jane Wilde. A tormented jazz musician finds himself lost in an enigmatic story involving murder, surveillance, gangsters, doppelgangers, and an impossible transformation inside a prison cell. The Wedding Diary 2 picks up two years after the marriage of Wei Jie (Aniu) and Zhixin (Elanne), when they welcome a new and unexpected addition to their family. However, all is not well for Wei Jie's in-laws when Zhixin's father, Colin (Jack Choo) suffers a stroke, which puts a strain on the couple's relationship as Zhixin has to step up to handle her father's business and at the same time, ensure that her mother (Kara Hui) does not fall into depression and anxiety due to her husband's condition. Kamal, who used to wash cars for a living, decides to turn his life around upon the advice of Ika, the girl he is in love with. In order to do that, he takes a risk and makes an illegal loan to open a burger stall without Ika's knowledge Zainal, a man feeling pressured and dissatisfied with his current marital life, thinks back to his past when he was a mischievous student who fell in love with Azura, a girl like him whom he betrayed. The search for the national best cabin crew is on again. Every steward and stewardess is anxious and looking forward to the competition. The top 12 finalists are finally selected, including Dania and Tania. Bella is the winner of the previous year's competition from a competitor's airline who is beautiful, graceful, super-efficient, young, and an overall favourite as the winner. Curious to find out what is so special about Tania, Dania sneaks on board one of Tania's flights without thinking in order to check out how Tania treats the passengers and how she performs her on-board tasks. But Dania is unlucky, just minutes after sneaking in, a load of passengers come in, and Dania is unable to get out. Then the plane takes off. What will happen to Dania now? A young man in a personal tailspin flees the US to Italy, where he sparks up a romance with a woman harboring a dark, primordial secret. Shunsuke works for a company. He has had feeling for Hinako since he began to work there, but she is in a long-distance relationship. Told through recollections of youth, learning, lore, and departure, this is an imagined myth for the Xawiska, or the Indian Pipe Plant - used by the Ho-Chunk to revive those who have fainted. After being expelled for a flagrant foul during a match in Primera C (the fourth division in Argentinian football), Paton Bonasiolle, the captain and midfielder from Talleres de Escalada, realizes his career as a footballer has come to an end. At the age of 35, this means the end of a world he has known since he was a child. Together with Ale - his wife - he looks for a fresh new start. Julie Strain is the tyrannical interrogator who commands the dark forces of the future. They abduct Jenny, an innocent woman and enslave her inside an invincible steel fortress. Forced to endure mind-shattering torments, she befriends the other female prisoners who commit unspeakable acts in order to survive. Guided by a mysterious spirit of a woman known only as Big Sister, the prisoners find their inner strengths and over come the insurmountable odds. A journey of three restless young people who junk the society's syllabus for finding love and decide to follow their heart. Basson has five days to make it to his father's funeral in Cape Town, but needs to complete certain tasks on this trip before he can call the family company his own. On the road he meets free-spirited bohemian girl, Amory. As they journey across the breathtaking landscape of South Africa, they meet wonderful characters that allow for hilarious moments and life-changing experiences. Their trip takes a sudden turn for the worst when a villainous figure makes an appearance. Basson and Amory are faced with disappointment and heartache. On the road called life, it is inevitable that you will take some wrong turns. But no matter how hard the road might be, on route to true love is where you will find your true north. Irishwoman Mary Reynold's journey from rank outsider to winner of a Gold Medal at the Chelsea Flower Show. Danny, a commercial editor and documentary filmmaker attempts to finish his film, a study on relationship while navigating the relationships in his own life. Will he continue to chase the unattainable Theresa a hippy new age dancer(Caitlin Fitzgerald) or will he finally admit he's in love with his best friend Carla (Katherine Waterston) who is in an unfulfilling relationship with a political strategist(Gaby Hoffman). Manhattan Romance is a funny insightful look at contemporary life in Manhattan. It explores new age ideas and open relationship as well as true friendship and connection. Simba idolises his father, King Mufasa, and takes to heart his own royal destiny. But not everyone in the kingdom celebrates the new cub's arrival. Scar, Mufasa's brother--and former heir to the throne--has plans of his own. The battle for Pride Rock is ravaged with betrayal, tragedy and drama, ultimately resulting in Simba's exile. With help from a curious pair of newfound friends, Simba will have to figure out how to grow up and take back what is rightfully his. When a suicidal boy meets a purposeless girl.... something changes. To The Horizon is an offbeat High School Romance about how two people can effect each other in miraculous ways. How the bond between one misguided boy and girl can change everything about them and the people they know. From director Ryan Taylor and writer Alex Damle comes a tale of depression, escape, hope, and the power of love. Laura was born without the ability to laugh. When she meets and falls for Charlie, a struggling stand-up comedian, he makes it his life purpose to get her to crack up. A short film written an directed by Nathan Larkin-Connolly starring Heather Morris and John Weselcouch They come from all over Eastern Europe: Russia, Romania, Chechnya. They are Eastern boys. The oldest appear no more than 25; as for the youngest, there is no way of telling their age. They hang around the Gare du Nord train station in Paris. They might be prostitutes, but there is no way of knowing for certain. Muller, a discreet man in his late fifties has his eye on one of them - Marek. One afternoon, Muller gathers his courage and speaks to him. The young man agrees to come visit Muller the following day, at his place. However the next day, when the doorbell rings, Muller doesn't have the faintest idea that he has fallen into a trap. Jen's romantic getaway with her wealthy (married) boyfriend is disrupted when his friends arrive for an impromptu hunting trip. Tension mounts at the house until the situation culminates in an unexpected way. In order to save her son's life, Ana embarks on a quest to find a powerful stone from the Zone of Silence in Mexico. Someone finds out the power the stone possesses and believes it is a power worth killing for. There's a kind of feeling that I want to express, namely a different kind of love. Normally love stories happen to people of similar ages, or people growing up together. But the kind of love that I want to shoot features an age gap between the lovers. There's not only romantic love, but also family love, and the love between a brother and sister." - Zhao Ye Jenni, an orphaned semi-savant, and a street hustler named Sam, steal a car and head to Los Angeles to find Jenni's father whom she hasn't seen or heard from since she was six years old. Robert picked the wrong time to meet his soul mate! After being fired from his own father's company, he feels like his luck has run out - until Morgan enters into his life. Seventeen-year-old Sangaile is fascinated by stunt planes. She meets a girl her age at the summer aeronautical show, nearby her parents' lakeside villa. Sangaile allows Auste to discover her most intimate secret and in the process finds in her teenage love, the only person that truly encourages her to fly. A socially awkward teenage math prodigy finds new confidence and new friendships when he lands a spot on the British squad at the International Mathematics Olympiad. From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia  Chandra is a 2013 and 2014 Indian fantasy film, simultaneously made in Kannada and Tamil languages. Directed by Roopa Iyer, it features Shriya Saran and Prem Kumar in the lead roles. The film deals with the life of a last generation princess and her love story. Chandra is a joint production of India Classic Arts and Narasimha Arts. The film was released on 27 June 2013 to positive reviews and emerged as a commercial success, also becoming one of the highest grossing kannada films at its time.  Description above from the Wikipedia article Dan Duryea, licensed under CC-BY-SA, full list of contributors on Wikipedia. Shruthi, an enterprising 20-year-old girl, partners with Sakthi, a happy-go-lucky youngster to set up her dream business -- wedding planning. They decide to not mix finance and romance but a night's revelry changes their equation and they part ways. Will they be able to admit their actual feelings? A playboy learns to love, while a virgin learns to live -- a queer romantic comedy set inside the restaurant industry... 'John Apple Jack' brings East and West together to create one sumptuously heart-warming dish. When John discovers his sister's fiance is Jack, his childhood crush, passions ignite and his life spirals out of control... losing his job, his playboy reputation and his underwear, all while rushing to the altar to finally confess his love! Augusto is a 40 year old who fall in love with a younger russian girl that lives at Veracruz, Mexico. Kuku Mathur Ki Jhand Ho Gayi[1] is a 2014 Hindi comedy, romance, drama film directed by Aman Sachdeva and produced by Ekta Kapoor &amp; Bejoy Nambiar.Siddharth Gupta is playing the title role in the film. What is stranger than the big hole that opens up in Lucy Sherrington's living room floor? As it turns out, love.  An independent romantic comedy about video gamers. Mike, one of the best competitive gamers in the country, quit after his addiction to video games ruined his life. But now Liz, a pretty pro gaming promoter, is pulling him back in. Josh Widdicombe, the star of 'The Last Leg' and his own sitcom 'Josh' is back with his new stand-up show "What Do I Do Now?" "...the undisputed king of the exasperated petty gripe" - Evening Standard A wild and funny documentary showing how the progressive youth of Afghanistan are rejecting the use of armed force and see film production as an alternative means of bringing peace and social change to their war-torn and occupied country. George Carlin changes his act by bringing politics into the act, but also talks about the People he can do without, Keeping People Alert, and Cars and Driving part 2. The probability of a couple that had broken up getting back together and having a successful relationship is just 3%. Dong-hee and Young, who had broken up over a minor tiff, later realize their love for each other and end up getting back together. But will they be able to fit into the 3% bracket? Five women, Anikha, Isha, Gauri, Kullante and Aami, undergo life-changing experiences with regard to love. A 2013 Kannada movie.   Kushal (Rakshit Shetty) is sent by his radio jockey sister Rachana to Kodagu to meet her boyfriend's sister in the hope that the two will take a liking to each other, leading to marriage, and thus paving the way for her own marriage. Kushal meets a bubbly girl Kushi (Shwetha Srivatsav) in the house he is sent to, but the rest of the family is out of town. The two share their past romantic liaisons before falling in love with each other. It turns out, though, that the girl is not who she pretends to be. The film takes a curious turn from here. BOY MEETS GIRL is a funny, tender, sex positive romantic comedy that explores what it means to be a real man or woman, and how important it is to live a courageous life not letting fear stand in the way of going after your dreams. An eccentric college improv group and one magnetic movie star attempt to live life according to the rules of the improv game "yes and..." We're in the middle of a heat-wave in Fenland England. Goob Taylor has spent each of his sixteen summers helping Mum run the transport cafe and harvest the surrounding beet fields. When Mum shacks up with swarthy stock-car supremo and ladies' man gene Womack, Goob becomes an unwelcome side thought. However Goob's world turns when exotic beet picker Eva arrives. Fuelled by her flirtatious comments, Goob dreams of better things. Albert marries the woman of his dreams, but he's about to lose her trying to discover the answer to why men cheat that will make him famous. Zach is a rich boy forced to find and keep a job after a major blunder in a company he set up. He ends up working for Evelyn, whom he discovers to be the boss from hell. In the long run, he sees her for who and what she really is. Meanwhile, Evelyn is an uptight and tough Brand Manager who hires an assistant Brand Manager. When she finds herself dumped by her boyfriend, Evelyn seeks comfort in Zach, her assistant who shows a different side of him. As they get to know each other more and as their encounters become more intimate, they begin to ask themselves if what they feel for each other is for real. The problem is romance between boss and subordinate in a company is not allowed. Things get complicated when an office romance develops between the unlikely pair. Three actresses/waitresses at a showbiz diner in New York chase their dreams and battle to preserve love, inspiration and dignity. When the diner hits financial headwinds, stakes rise and suppressed tensions and feelings surface. After her birthday party, ad executive Michelle finds herself caught between cheerful Tony, dreamy Bill, youthful Jeb, and rich Tiger. Overwhelmed with stress, another complication quietly forms in her life. Lea, Adrian, and their little brother Theo, born deaf, go on holiday in Provence with their grandfather, Paul "Oliveron" they never met because of a family quarrel. It is not the holidays they dreamed, especially their father announced yesterday that he was leaving the house. In less than 24 hours, it is the clash of generations between teenagers and a grandfather they believe psycho. A wrong. Because the turbulent past will resurface and Paul Seventies will land deep in the Alpilles. During this summer tormented both generations will be processed one by the other. With raging boy hormones and the laugh quotient turned on full, Chris Salvatore and Daniel Skelton return, along with Rebekah Kochan and cult icon Mink Stole in the fourth installment of Q. Allan Brocka's hilarious and over-the-top sexual antic-laden Eating Out series! An obsessed cop is on the trail of a serial killer prowling the streets of Buffalo, N.Y. but when his teenage daughter disappears, he drops any professional restraint to get the killer. Yudi's happy life is about to encounter a speed breaker-his BMW gets towed away and his dues have started piling up. He's run out of money and luck! To make matters worse-his supposed ex-girlfriend isn't really his ex. He Na and her mother live in the small city by the river of Xiangjiang River, She didn't understand why her mother loved a guy who is not at all a good men. One day she found a secrets from the men, she told her mother, which led to her family misfortune. Can someones psyche of pain and suffer be the cause to be loved by other? Eve is aware of the frustration of Gayan, when she falls in love with him. Then what makes her to follow Chapa crossing boarders? She incessantly chases something. So, where can real love happen? Is it just another projection of pain and suffer? Is love exist only when pursuing? Eventually, she decides to make a turn of her life. Leaving Chapa aside Eve goes in search of Gayan into an empty market. A disc jockey invites an author of a best-selling book, PJ Payton, as an on-air guest. They explore LA relationship struggles and share unbelievable stories, and in the process laugh, learn and discover the power of love. By following ten simple rules,  20-somethings Vince and Cameron spice up their relationship by sleeping around. But when their straitlaced friends get engaged, their relationship gets turned upside down. To put the rules to the test, they will go on the road to the Hamptons to crash the biggest party of the year where love triangles collide and off-the-wall mayhem ensues. Personality differences, an old friend and a past flame poke holes in the way a husband and wife perceive their marriage. Six love stories following the love lives of ten different people. DANCE-OFF is a tongue-in-cheek family comedy set in the world of competition dancing starring talented dancers and choreographers from TV's "So You Think You Can Dance!" Two rival studios pick their stars Jasmine  and Brandon  to compete against each other for a $25,000 prize. Jasmine and Brandon have history. They were dance partners and mutual crushes as children. But Brandon quickly moved away not allowed to say goodbye to the heartbroken Jasmine. Luckily, both kept up their dancing. Years later Jasmine shines at the well-funded Diamond Dance Studios and deals with her crazy "dance mom" Jo-Ann . Brandon leads rival Shockwave Studio that desperately needs the $25,000 to stop it from closing. Unable to deny their feelings and both wanting to win, the star-crossed lovers feel pressure from Jo-Ann, competition owner Mary , and her son JT to triumph at all costs. How can they compete against the person they love? The film's protagonists get an opportunity to make a wish. Consequently, their lives take the path they themselves ordained. Several "coincidences" bring them everything they wanted and they have the chance to experience their wishes. We are not only responsible in our lives for everything that we do, but also for everything we say, we think and desire. RS and Chico bring their friend Fabio to a clinic to help with his paranoia. Along the way, they meet three beautiful young women who change the course of their lives. A girl. A boy. A love story. But also about dreams, fears, life, true love, friendship and how we deal with it. And a secret between them... Fan girl finds herself torn between the attraction for her film idol and her best male friend. A young man tricks his homophobic father into a camping trip with his secret boyfriend. A love story about a woman whose wedding is thrown into disarray when a mysterious person arrives and reminds her of the man she really loves. A classic Romanian legend, other than the world-wide known myth of Dracula, brought to a modern fantasy love story. When their plane is rerouted due to a hurricane warning, two single female best friends find themselves competing for the same guy during an extended layover in St. Louis. Love Island tells the story of a pregnant French woman who lives in Sarajevo with her Bosnian husband and their daughter. They go for a vacation at a Croatian island, where things get complicated when they all become attracted to a beautiful woman. Recently divorced Adriana tries to get revenge on the woman who took her husband away from her by going on a European cruze along with them. Ganesh Talkies is a 2013 Bengali film written and directed by Anjan Dutt. The movie is produced by Reliance Entertainment. It portrays two families of polar opposite Bengali and Marwari communities. The love of an enchanted young girl brings wonder and healing to a broken family. A short experimental documentary is filmed at the last drive-in movie theater in Los Angeles, located in a desolate area called the City of Industry. Floating within a backdrop of smokestacks, beacon towers and passing trains, dislocated Hollywood images filled with apocalyptic angst are re-framed and reflected through car windows and mirrors as the displacement of the radio broadcast soundtrack collides with the projections upon and surrounding the multiple screens. In VINELAND, the nocturnal landscape is seen as a border zone aglow with dreamlike illusions revealing overlapping realities at the intersection of nostalgia and alienation. Kaanchi movie is a musical thriller with a love story. It is a story of the inner power of a woman who represents millions of suppressed youth against unjust in the country. It is also the story of an innocent rural beauty and her fight against power. Luisa and Erika are prototypes of young women who plunge into relationships with the "wrong" men. Luisa wants to become an actress, which upsets her husband Igor to no end. Erika is trying to work as much as possible so that she can afford to study and thereby achieve a better outlook on life, but she unfortunately runs up against a boss who doesn't have the best intentions with her. Ultimately Luisa's husband demonstratively commits suicide. Erika accidentally kills her boss in self-defense... The women blame themselves for all these failures, and that has got to change. Both have to grow up and start living again. Perhaps even together. A young musician takes a beautiful tattoo artist on a ride in a stolen classic car. According to Spencer, She's the one... Everyone else thinks so too! Two demons, slinging sex, drugs and chaos, attack the lives of a struggling couple. Lin Xiao, Gu Li, Nan Xiang, Tang Wanru - these four best friends, after waving goodbye to their school campus and entering the workforce, they are faced with various challenges in their life: friendship, love, and career. Together, they become lost in life, having long forgotten their past courage. Nanu (Abhay Deol) is a land mafia who illegally grabs people's property with the help of his friends. But his life witnesses a 360-degree change after he takes an injured girl (Patralekha) to hospital. Some unusually inexplicable things start happening with him and soon he realizes that he is not the only one living in his flat. There is an uninvited guest also.  Alexander, the King of Macedonia, leads his legions against the giant Persian Empire. After defeating the Persians, he leads his army across the then known world, venturing farther than any westerner had ever gone, all the way to India. As the devoutly single Don Johnston is dumped by his latest girlfriend, he receives an anonymous pink letter informing him that he has a son who may be looking for him. An Islamic romance film about a man who goes on a journey to heal his broken heart after his wife's death. When Attar loses his wife Saidatul Nafisa, it feels as if his world has shattered. After much contemplation, he decides to make a pilgrimage to Makkah, in hopes that God will show him the way out of his depression. Bidin Al Zaifa is madly in love with a Thai woman named Cherry Porntit. He proposes to her, but her brother, a Muay Thai champion, doesn't want her to marry him. Events turn for the worse when Bidin's enemy, Al Buqerk, comes after him to settle an old debt. With the help of his friends, Eddy and Aidil, Bidin tries to solve both his romance problem and his enemy problem. Katie, a former professional ice skater, is hired by the king of San Senova, Alexander, to help his daughter in a Christmas ice skating performance. As Katie spends time in the castle and with the king, she and Alex begin to develop feelings for each other and ultimately fall in love. But will the tradition-loving people of San Senova allow their king to make a foreigner their queen? After a string of unsuccessful relationships, Corina married Teddy, an old widow whose daughter, Ana and sister Julita never approved of his new wife. An assertive young stepmother, a rebellious stepdaughter, and a working wife whose career provides tension between the wife and her husband are the portraits of the strong-willed woman of the 1980s. This is a story of a young woman and her coming of age in Japan. In the winter before her college graduation, Michiru received a letter from a girl. Apparently, they are sisters who shared the same father. The letter explained their father who has left Michiru from her birth. Even though she had never cared about him, the fact about his existence spread within her. Overview Coming Soon... Trip, a young roadie for Metallica, is sent on an urgent mission during the band's show. But what seems like a simple assignment turns into a surreal adventure. Six years ago, Robert Kenner, a mild mannered postman from Peckham, South London was struck by a meteor which bestowed him with super powers. Today, Bob is an overworked under-appreciated "civil servant" for the British government. He spends most waking hours saving people and filling out forms. There has been no time for anything else. Least of all love. But today he has a day off. And best of all, he has a date with the woman he once met at the library. Now all he has to do is act as if this isn't the most exciting day of his life. Apparently that puts people off. In the midst of the battle between a humble technical center and a powerful university for the award to build a robot to Chile, love arises. Bollywood 2013 Twenty seven years after his UCLA graduate thesis film Shot Down was banned in his home country and went on to festival acclaim and cult status, writer-director Andrew Worsdale returns with this noir romance set among the marginalised white underclass. The film follows a police investigation into four murders and charts the doomed romance of the outlaw lovers. A deeply romantic, elegiac and universal crime story where the murders are not the point of the movie. Nellie is a seemingly prim young woman who is conducting a clandestine affair with Jack, a super-suave, fast-talking lawyer. It doesn't matter that the pair seems mismatched because Jack doesn't really exist; he is a figment of Nellie's imagination--someone she dreamed up out of bits and pieces of Leonard, a somewhat bland man with whom she had a blind date months earlier. Meanwhile, we meet Leonard, and learn that he too has an imaginary lover, whom he has fashioned after the attractive attributes of Nellie. When the two characters come together again, they are forced to compare and contrast their ideal--but, sadly, nonexistent--partners, with their flesh and blood counterparts. The question is, will Nellie choose the man on her mind over the man in her arms? In comic Woody Allen's film debut, he took the Japanese action film "International Secret Police: Key of Keys" and re-dubbed it, changing the plot to make it revolve around a secret egg salad recipe. It tells the story of a young female social worker who begins work at a hospital for retarded children, and discovers that some of the psychological problems attributed to these children are incorrectly diagnosed. Proving this to be the case is difficult, however, as it is generally accepted that as those who are 'profoundly retarded' cannot communicate, therefore they cannot think.  In the case of Annie O'Farrell (Tina Arhondis), finding a way for her to 'talk', other than speaking or writing, finally shows that she is not only able to think, but is highly intelligent. The battle against the hospital to acknowledge this in a legal sense goes to court, as the psychiatrists try to hide their misdiagnosis. A teenager's reality is challenged after losing his sight in a near fatal experience. Live action film adaptation of a romance that was turned into a book after making a splash on the Internet bulletin board "2 Channel." Humorously depicts a 29-year-old virgin who meets a prostitute, and struggles with love. Directed by Iizuka Ken of Arakawa Under the Bridge. NOIR chronicles the lives of four people living in a neighborhood plagues by poverty and violence, aspiring to freedom and happiness. Kadhafi, a 26 year old aspiring rapper and ex-member of a street gang, just out of prison, wants to steer clear of troubles. Fleur, a 17 year old Haitian mother in an abusive and passionate relationship with her daughter's father, dreams of leaving the ghetto and becoming a nurse. Suzie, a 20 year old stripper who falls for a gang member. Dickens, 16 year old Haitian wants to be part of the street gang controlled by his older brother. As her marriage dissolves, a Manhattan writer takes driving lessons from a Sikh instructor with marriage troubles of his own. In each other's company they find the courage to get back on the road and the strength to take the wheel. Popular theater company director Yuuji Kaieda (Yoshikuni Dochin) secretly marries and lives with his lover Aki (Rin Takanashi). Aki is the main actress of the theater company. Aki's younger sister Haruna (Anna Ishibashi) then appears. In the past, Yuuji and Haruna had a secret intimate relationship. Yuuji tries to keep his distance from Haruna because of this. Soon, Yuuji and Aki's secret is disclosed. A 34 year old single woman, Nancy, hung-over again, exhausted by the endless fruitless set ups by her friends, traveling across London to toast another 10 years of her parent's successful happy magical marriage runs in with a 40 year old divorcee, Jack, who mistakes her for his 24 year old blind date. Nancy, deciding to go with it, happens to hop on the most chaotic yet hilarious journey of her life which neither of them will ever forget. As a thirty something acting teacher attempts to push a group of eager young performers out of their comfort zones, he struggles with his own ability to live an authentic and fulfilling life with his teenage son. Marianne gets off to a bad start with gallery director and Brad Pitt look alike Vincent but everything works out "just like in the movies" in the end. Canadian documentary In a region where villagers face large-scale displacement due to coal mining, Shoukie and his dog Kheru spend what might probably be their last night in the village. While the rest of the village was abandoned two years ago, Shoukie remained adamantly, living like a ghost, with his dog and a dogged determination that homes are not for sale. With a final eviction notice from the mining company looming over their heads, Shoukie spends this final night contemplating Kheru's death, hunger, and nostalgia. Paris, North Station, anything comes by, even trains. One would like to stay, but they have to hurry up... Like other thousands lives crossing, Ismael, Mathilde, Sacha and Joan are going to meet here... Cal Weaver is living the American dream. He has a good job, a beautiful house, great children and a beautiful wife, named Emily. Cal's seemingly perfect life unravels, however, when he learns that Emily has been unfaithful and wants a divorce. Over 40 and suddenly single, Cal is adrift in the fickle world of dating. Enter, Jacob Palmer, a self-styled player who takes Cal under his wing and teaches him how to be a hit with the ladies. A bourgeois office drone whose raison d'etat is the music of French rocker Johnny Hallyday awakens one day in an alternate universe where the famed musician never recorded a single song. When he's not at the office dutifully plugging-away, Fabrice lives a deadly dull life. Jerry Maguire used to be a typical sports agent: willing to do just about anything he could to get the biggest possible contracts for his clients, plus a nice commission for himself. Then, one day, he suddenly has second thoughts about what he's really doing. When he voices these doubts, he ends up losing his job and all of his clients, save Rod Tidwell, an egomaniacal football player. A young girl learn to accept love and change, after being sent to live with her uncle in Indiana. After her husband, Carl, suddenly leaves, Joline travels from New York to Texas to track him down. Although Joline tries to remain upbeat, she is discouraged when she discovers that Carl already has a new girlfriend, the lovely Carmen. Familiarizing herself with Carl's new home and friends, Joline gets company in the form of her brother, Jay. Will Joline win Carl back, or are there other romantic possibilities on her horizon? With baseball being the last thing on these player's minds, and dealing with one of the longest losing streaks in college history, the team of misfits comes to the realization that the school, led by the corrupt and unethical President of the University, has plans to disband the entire program. Hilarity ensues as they have one afternoon to execute a plan to fill the stadium, sign the top recruit on the planet, and help send their coach out with a bang. Deborah Chandler's rejected suitor, Selden Clark, manages the factory of her father, who dies a suspicion death. But charming Clark manages to win her over and marry her. On the honeymoon, Clark's former girl Patricia intervenes and opens Deborah's eyes, alas too late. Now Clark tries to kill Deborah. Believed dead by all but Clark, she flees. But drifter Keith Ramsey recognizes and follows her. Can she trust him? Can he believe her? When her family goes bankrupt, privileged city girl Jen Stone travels to the country to try and fix up a struggling pumpkin farm that her father bought as an investment to get her money back. Not everyone is on board with her changes, least of all Brett, the farm's handsome manager. By working with what she knows best, she discovers the magic of pumpkin skincare and turns the struggling farm around while also falling in love. A country romance about the human streak in the horse and the horse in the human. Love and death become interlaced and with terrible consequences. The fortunes of the people in the country through the horses' perception. Googly is a 2013 Kannada romantic comedy film directed by Pawan Wadeyar and produced by Jayanna Combines. Yash and Kriti Kharbanda are the lead actors while Ananth Nag and Sadhu Kokila play the primary supporting roles. The film released on 19 July 2013 and opened to a fantastic response at the box office. The film was declared a "Blockbuster". Jesse is nine months pregnant and lives with her underemployed husband Hank in a dilapidated mobile home in a rusty trailer park. During an afternoon of talk, Jesse discovers that Hank has been spending time with Bonnie, their young, bovine neighbour. Jesse is hurt and furious, and Hank is defensive, claiming that the baby has pushed him out. While Hank is elsewhere, the other woman pays a surprise visit to Jesse. Healing begins, and when Jesse's labour starts, it's Bonnie who comes to the rescue. Abby, a 30-year-old lesbian, tries to manage her anxiety attacks while working odd jobs and trying to seduce as many women as possible. For Shirin, being part of a perfect Persian family isn't easy. Acceptance eludes her from all sides: her family doesn't know she's bisexual, and her ex-girlfriend, Maxine, can't understand why she doesn't tell them. Even the six-year-old boys in her moviemaking class are too ADD to focus on her for more than a second. Following a family announcement of her brother's betrothal to a parentally approved Iranian prize catch, Shirin embarks on a private rebellion involving a series of bisexual escapades, while trying to decipher what went wrong with Maxine. We'll Never Have Paris is a clumsy and at once human account of screwing up on a transcontinental level in a noble effort to win back "the one." An affectionate and refreshing East/West-Germany comedy about a boy who's mother was in a coma while the Berlin wall fell and when she wakes up he must try to keep her from learning what happen (since she was an avid communist supporter) to avoid shocking her which could lead to another heart attack. "2 Kalimah" tells the story of a couple, Aiman and a Malay-English girl Selena, who decide to return to their hometown. The couple have a secret of their own: Aiman is actually still in love with Humaira, thus he does not want want to wed Selena, but due to her pregnancy, is forced to lie to their relatives and friends that they are married. The film commences by showing a happy and united family, consisting of Nabab, his father, grandfather, elder brother and sister-in-law (who was pregnant). One day, Nabab met Diya on the street and they fell in love with each other. Following this, they had a tough time as Diya's father, Bidhan Chattoraj, hired goons to separate them. Even after spending a lot of time escaping those goons, the goons finally catch them and Bidhan Chottoraj gets his daughter back. Since that incident, Nabab's life faces a turn as he is accused of false charges and sent to the jail. But Bidhan Chattoraj doesn't stop here. In the fire of vengeance, he decides to demolish Nabab's family. He kills Nabab's elder brother and grandfather, paralyses his father, and finally, his sister-in-law lost her unborn child. Nabab becomes fuious upon this. The events that occur next, i.e., through which Nabab gets back Diya and takes revenge on Bidhan Chattoraj, form the climax of the story. From a snake charmer to a welder, from a weaver to an obstetrician, the inhabitants of the holy city of Varanasi are striving for survival, and transform and ennoble themselves in the process. With a tour in Afghanistan behind him, war-torn Chris Jensen struggles to assimilate back to life in California. Drifting and living out of his car, he soon discovers that few are willing to deal with the remnants of a damaged career military man. Chris is self medicating; desperate to silence the echoes from the front lines. When an opportunity finally presents itself, he makes the hard decision to employ his most coveted talents honed in special ops. A job is a job and Chris knows civilian life can be just as cut-throat as time on active duty. But just how close does he have to get to Andrew Warner to secure the kill? One of Jeff Keen's diary films. Keen made many diary films with his daughter, wife and friends in the late 60s and 70s. These were edited in camera and used multiple exposures. They would then be projected in various combinations though usually as a four-screen. Brothers want to marry a pair of sisters. Complications ensue. Jatt Airways is the Punjabi movie starring Alfaaz, Tulip Joshi, Padam Bhola, Smriti Khanna Jaswinder Bhalla, Binnu Dhillon, Rana Jang Bahadur, BN Sharma, Deepak Raja, Karamjit Anmol, Manreet Kaur, Kulwant Gill A woman follows her heart in spite of her best friend's advice, "...Stay with men who resemble your father." When Angela meets Mark at a local bookstore, he strikes her interest with his mysterious demeanor and motivates her to explore dating outside of her comfort zone. What Angela knows about men of color is a warning sign, but meeting Mark changes it. Her best friend Paula, hears of her excitement and desperately redirects Angela's dating interest. When Angela meets Margo, she opens doors to a different world. With her best friend Karen, they influence Angela to live and love on her own terms." Set four years after the first movie, Lin Xiao, Lily, Nan Xiang, and Ruby, confront opportunities and challenges as their school days come to an end. Three brothers struggle to navigate their individual romantic relationships, while simultaneously trying to reconcile their familial ones. A comedy about a woman who tries to overcome tone-deafness and a man who tries to help her but joins the romance. Inspired by the Selamat Pagi Indonesia (SPI) High School in Batu, Malang. A millennial nightmare that follows Anna, a young woman stuck in the midst of a quarter-life crisis, who learns how to keep on living after being haunted by the undead spirit from her summer camp past. It's about emerging adulthood and millennial angst; about letting go of our pasts and embracing what it means to grow up. A movie actress and a film director decide to create their own version of what love should be, therefore each tuesday, no matter where or with whom they are, they see each other in order to love each other. Fifteen years ago 1830s muskrat trapper Dannie Mcnoun, loves Mary and sends his best friend, Jimmy, to win her over for Dannie. Jimmy married her instead. Now neighbors, Dannie works both farms as Jimmy tries to drown his problems with a bottle. The Movie story is based on A Generation Gap. This Movie tries to break the gap, keeping the old and new generation intact with there emotions and with there roots. City life and rural life intact. This movie is not revolving around Jatt Story / Revenge. This movie kept the cast away. The movie sured Jatts are not the only cast who are farmers and these Jatts have one dialogue in common, if they don't speak with each other, they don't either fight with each other. In the movie they have sured old culture songs and also new today generation songs Upon discovering her husband's infidelity, Sandy leaves the suburbs and moves into the city. There, she befriends Aram, a guy whose wife only married him so she could get a green card. Sandy hires Aram to be her nanny, and  it isn't long until Aram and Sandy find out they get along wonderfully and start to date. But is their relationship real or is it, in fact, just a rebound for both of them? Yukihiko Nishino is very popular with women, but, in the end, he is always dumped by a woman. Yukihiko seeks out his true love. A young man discovers love for the first time with a girl he's been friends with since grade school but struggles to avoid first-time heartbreak in small-town Virginia. The story of youth, friendship and love in a time when man took his first steps on the moon, the streets became saturator, transistors pulsed rock'n'roll, and the fondest dream of every fan of the domestic automotive industry was the Fiat 125p. Film trip to the sixties, colorful era "flower children", hippies and bigbitu. Year 1969. Fascinating in aviation Adam is called to the army. However, much to his own chagrin, she gets an assignment to serve in the ... Navy. In Antek, older brother, embark on the sea. During several days of traveling through Poland to visit old friends and make new friends. Antek - incorrigible womanizer and the king of nightclubs - wants to prepare a shy brother to life. However, the meeting with a beautiful and mysterious woman calls a lot of complications in the life of Adam, initiating a series of surprising events. Following a recent breakup, struggling writer Jules (Dan Simon) crashes with his recently separated best friend, Saul (Gregory Lay), at his apartment in Brooklyn. While Saul wants to drink heavily and lament over his impending divorce, Jules just wants to escape into latest script. After Saul is fired from his job as restaurant manager and Jules loses an off-Broadway production of his play, the two embark on a weekend bender through New York City and Connecticut in search of solace and sometimes more pain. When the sun finally rises, neither expects to see the light. A 'chance' meeting in the street, give you the opportunity to Agata and Marc to help each other to overcome the inertia of their lives. An ugly ducking attempts to become desirable. The film is about Joy (Shakib Khan) who is engaged to his cousin Mithu(Mimo). But he promises his grandfather that he will not tie the knot before he finds his missing aunt and uncle. In search of his missing relatives, he goes to Malaysia, where he meets Jara(Jaya) who is a UN employee. They become familiar with each other and Jara helps Joy find his aunt. Joy, appreciative of her companionship and help, falls for Jara. To avoid him, Jara gets involved with another man Shakib(Arefin Shuvo). In this situation, the climax of the film comes down between responsibility towards family, relatives and love affairs. An anger management patient John gets his world torn apart when he can not manage his fiance's adversaries.  He is determined to prove himself to be the right man to marry Sara but the pressure from other candidates who  had unhealthy interest in Sara takes it's toll. With deceit, brutality and police chase, John soon realises, he cannot  marry Sara and remain in the country to face what was coming to him. Actress Myrtle Gordon is a functioning alcoholic actress who is a few days from the opening night of her latest play, concerning a woman distraught about aging. One night a car kills one of Myrtle's fans who is chasing her limousine in an attempt to get the star's attention. Myrtle internalizes the accident and goes on a spiritual quest, but fails to finds the answers she is after. As opening night inches closer and closer, fragile Myrtle must find a way to make the show go on. Worker or poker player, Samir and Xavier live from day to day. Bright young woman and future bride, Liza has a future all traced. They and she find themselves by chance for a weekend for a stay as unlikely as initiative. A man discovers that he has the unpredictable ability to see two minutes into the future. The stories of three characters whose joy, passion and despair overflow in one bed are tangled like a puzzle. Tantalizing but heartbreaking, stimulating but sad, this movie explores human desires without hesitation and fear. B (Bed for Werther), E (Erotic desire of Aphrodite) and D (Dream about comfortable slumber) talk about the same bed with different languages and different gestures. Zoe's regimented life is thrown into upheaval when she unexpectedly falls in love. In doing so, she is faced with making a series of choices whose outcomes not only impact on her independence but on the relationships with those most important to her. A story about 11 girls living in Paris. Each of them has its own problems: career, love life, children. Every girl has their complexes and virtues. They always look elegant, hiding their inner feelings. Will they reach all the goals and overcome all their difficulties? Three middle-aged wealthy couples take vacations together in Spring, Summer, Autumn and Winter. Along the way we are treated to mid-life, marital, parental and other crises. He is cute. He's shrewd. The girls love him. The cops hate him. He can't speak but is always talked about. His naughty antics will make you scream, but he will never listen. Cos he can't! Next summer ride a rollercoaster of emotions with Barfii - the Chalu Chaplin!  Two souls were drawn to each other without any possible escape from their doomed fates. It was in an era when the country was divided in the north and the south. A legendary woman "Shiren"(Hiromi NAGASAKU) who was born to a family of assassins. A young sword fighter "Ragi"(Tatsuya FUJIWARA) who looked up to Shiren with admiration. News was brought to the north that said the King of the South "Godai"(Katsumi TAKAHASHI) has revived who once was assassinated by Shiren. Shiren was once again ordered by "kyougoku"(Arata FURUTA), a high-ranking vassal of the North, to assassinate Godai. Shiren was upset about Godai being still alive whom she believed she had killed. Ragi who sensed Shiren's distress volunteered to accompany her on the mission. Shiren's cold heart started to melt by seeing Ragi's determination to be there for and support her. Finally the moment to attack Godai comes. It was the moment when an astonishing truth was revealed to the two who had shared their love by that time. A possessive mother, a loving son, the fiancee's first visit, a mute witness... Four players around a pie. Framed in the 1940s for the double murder of his wife and her lover, upstanding banker Andy Dufresne begins a new life at the Shawshank prison, where he puts his accounting skills to work for an amoral warden. During his long stretch in prison, Dufresne comes to be admired by the other inmates -- including an older prisoner named Red -- for his integrity and unquenchable sense of hope. Dr. Hess Green becomes cursed by a mysterious ancient African artifact and is overwhelmed with a newfound thirst for blood. Soon after his transformation he enters into a dangerous romance with Ganja Hightower that questions the very nature of love, addiction, sex, and status. An American-born Chinese economics professor accompanies her boyfriend to Singapore for his best friend's wedding, only to get thrust into the lives of Asia's rich and famous. Angelo "Snaps" Provolone made his dying father a promise on his deathbed: he would leave the world of crime and become an honest businessman. Despite having no experience in making money in a legal fashion, Snaps sets about to keep his promise.  The story is about Sunny, who is a singer in love with Kanchana. There is a twist in the tale as she gets engaged to the son of a politician. Sunny becomes an alcoholic and tries to forget her, but fails. Spoorthi is an event organizer, who is in love with Sunny and helps him to overcome his depression by supporting him to become a popular singer. A talkative man finds Mr. Right in the men's room. Maravan, aged 24, is a Tamil asylum seeker in Switzerland, working as casual help in a highly rated, gourmet restaurant in Zurich. It is also well below his own standards, because he is a gifted and highly passionate cook. In Sri Lanka his grandmother initiated him in the culinary arts, not least in the secrets of aphrodisiacal cuisine. When Maravan loses his job his colleague Andrea persuades him into a deal of the special kind: a joint catering venture for love menus. Gabriell is a single mother, her 17-year-old daughter Claire is pregnant, however the child's father Simon has no desire to be involved with his future baby. When Gabrielle takes matters into her own hands and asks Simon's father Ange for help, an unexpected relationship begins. An urban love story set on the hard streets of the Bronx. A struggling female pimp, named Wednesday, grows up learning the game from her dad. Once he's gone she's left to look out for her prostitute mother and girlfriend Nikki. Madhu (Arya) and Remya (Anushka) slowly but surely falls in love but fate has them separated. Parallelly, we have Maravan (Arya) and Varna (Anushka) a high spirited warrior living in a fantasy world and have a different love story. Varna is tough and does not want to get married and be someone's slave. Madhu goes in search of his lady love to fantasy world filled with flying creatures, beautiful green forests and his life intervenes with that of Maravan. How he helps the lovers, saves Maravan and how Varna discovers love forms the rest of the story. Bollywood 2013 A story inspired by the legacy of William Shakespare and the classic Romeo and Juliet. Cristal and Angelo fall in love amid a life full of violence, drugs, and social deterioration. Their families lead opposing drug gangs within the community where they live. Can Cristal's and Angelo's love overcome the negative environment around them? In a fancy split-level condo in Tokyo's Roppongi nightlife district, four women and four men gather from midnight to 5 am. They've all paid to be there (men more than women), and they have only one thing in common--they seek anonymous sex. Using no names, they're known only by their types: freeter (temp or part-time worker), mild-mannered salaryman, duplicitous OL (office lady), self-conscious working class factory worker, perfectionist teacher, veteran pervert, shy NEET ("not in education, employment or training") and bashful college student. Together, they unravel their identities in a night of increasing debauchery. Daisuke Miura's adaptation of his critically acclaimed 2005 play of the same name explores Japan's fuzoku (sex industry) with depth, humor and freewheeling indecency. This surprising, erotic and disturbing film features breakout performances by Sosuke Ikematsu and Mugi Kadowaki, who are tempted to mix love with sex. Two teenage girls with parallel lives but coming from different socio-economic backgrounds meet one summer to discover friendship and a sexual awakening. Seventeen year old LOLA FRANKLIN runs away from home but allows the world to believe she has been kidnapped. Intent on making her way across country, she meets a boy (MARLO) her age in a New Mexico diner. They fall instantly in love. But when Marlo learns of the reward for Lola's safe return, he must confront his own past and decide whether to take Lola back home to collect the reward or help her continue her mysterious journey. In this reworking of Cinderella, orphaned Connie Harding is sent to live with her rich aunt and uncle after graduating from boarding school. She's hardly received with open arms, especially by her snobby cousin Barbara. When the entire family is invited to a major social ball, Barbara sees to it that Connie is forced to stay home. With the aid of her uncle, who acts as her fairy godfather, Connie makes it to the ball and meets her Prince Charming in Ted Drake, her cousin's boyfriend. Ooejo agricultural high school is located in Hokkaido. Most students are from families involved in agriculture and their dreams are to continue working in agriculture. Meanwhile, Yuugo (Kento Nakajima), who graduated from a prestigious middle school, applied to the Ooejo Agricultural High School just because the school has a dormitory.  Yuugo, who grew up in the city, finds himself in an unfamiliar environment at Ooejo Agricultural High School, surrounded by nature and animals. Yuugo is also the only one who doesn't know what type of career he wants to pursue. Yuugo becomes impatient.  He goes through struggles everyday, but he he also gets to know the other students and rural life in general. He begins to grow as a person. Another collection of adventures for Winnie the Pooh and his friends in the Hundred Acre Wood. In this instalment, Roo wonders why the snowman he has built keeps getting smaller, while Piglet is surprised that a cave is talking back to him. A parody of love, life and death follows Ricky through a series of relationships with a group of offbeat chicks and a visitor from his past -- desperate to reveal secrets that will change the lives of everyone involved. Two people in love, two apartments - one in Barcelona and another on in Los Angeles - and the images of their past, present and future. Can love survive 10,000km? Two brothers develop a sexual attraction to one another amid the unkind world around them. One Night in Oslo follows a group of young people in Oslo's Eastern parts on the night before Norway's National Day, and reflects their expectations and emotions ahead of the celebration. Two Boston students are in the early stages of coupledom, hanging out and hooking up but still not boyfriend-and-girlfriend. When the girl goes to New York for the weekend to meet up with an aspiring food truck mogul, the guy decides to pay them a visit. There is something exotic,seductive and an impossible romance in the love story about Mario, an accountant that lives in Mexico City who meets Basil, a lebanese businessman. They meet each other in mexican paradise: Acapulco. Jean and Sheryl are getting married. He is Afrikaans. She is Jewish. Their families are tense and Lukas, the best man - has been on a drinking spree and forgotten to confirm the band.  To complicate matters more, the ancestral ring has been delayed because Sheryl's relatives are lost en-route to the wedding. At a time when Orica is saddened over her inability to fulfill her role as a Lavateil, or one who can control magical powers through singing Hymns, Laina's airship comes crashing down upon her from the sky. Both of them search for an engineer to repair his airship, meeting Cruze. In the process, Laina inadvertently teaches Orica that the key to singing a successful Hymn is to want to help others from the bottom of one's heart. Set in the Dominican Republic, Leticia Tonos Paniagua's uniquely Caribbean retelling of Romeo and Juliet chronicles the love between a kind-hearted teenager, ostracized for his mixed Haitian-Dominican descent, and the beautiful sister of a local drug kingpin he's hired to protect. Dia(Pankaja Menon) heroine of the movie is a management student in Mangalore. She and four of her friends(Catherine, Hashim, Yamini and Chinna Gounder) visits Rajasthan for 15 days to attend a marriage. There she meets a Rajput boy Pavan(Arun Shankar) and falls in love with him. What happens to her there after that in that unknown land makes the content of the film. A family moves into a secluded mansion where they soon find themselves being targeted by an entity taking the form of a giant spider. After being hit by a car, a woman comes home to realize her friends don't really want to take care of her. Desperate for help, she turns to an unlikely source. A case of mistaken identity results in unexpected romance when the most popular girl in high school and the biggest loser must come together to win over their crushes. After surviving rape, comic-book artist Lisa Roberts is moving from New York City to small town in Arizona. But there's danger in small towns too. Channing has it all: a beautiful home, a rock star lifestyle, and a loving husband intent on ruining it all by knocking her up. A lot of things happened in the life of "Yolki" hepes during the last year, but here it's again - the New Year's eve... Hong Kong action auteur Johnnie To indulges his silly side with this hilariously inventive sequel to his hit romantic comedy, about two former lovers who find themselves irresistibly drawn back together -- despite the fact that each of them is engaged to someone else. When Lori Reimuller learns that her young son Robbie has epilepsy, she first trusts the judgment of the hospital staff in how best to bring it under control. As Robbie's health slides radically downhill, however, she becomes frustrated and desperate, and so does her own research into the existing literature on treatments. When she decides to try an alternative treatment called the Ketogenic Diet, devised long ago by a doctor from Johns Hopkins, she is met with narrow-minded resistance from Robbie's doctor, who is prepared to take legal action to prevent Lori from removing him from the hospital. It's story of Abril, a mysterious woman with a particular life-style that she stands in the way of Bruno, a Chilean young man who lives in Peru and he's passing through an existential crisis. Abril's philosophy impacts to Bruno. One day, he decides to leave everything, including his job and his girlfriend. Suddenly, Bruno tries to follow Abril's life-style, no suspecting the real reasons why she turns her back to the world. The first Shakespeare feature film adaptation of "Romeo and Juliet" with a complete cast of color that stays true to the language and storyline. Noni Jean is a hot new rising star. But not all is what it seems, and the pressure causes Noni to nearly fall apart - until she meets Kaz Nicol, a promising young cop and aspiring politician who's been assigned to her detail. Can Kaz's love give Noni the courage to find her own voice and break free to become the artist she was meant to be? The wife of a Marine serving in Vietnam, Sally Hyde (Jane Fonda) decides to volunteer at a local veterans hospital to occupy her time. There she meets Luke Martin (Jon Voight), a frustrated wheelchair-bound vet who has become disillusioned with the war. Sally and Luke develop a friendship that soon turns into a romance, but when her husband, Bob (Bruce Dern), returns unexpectedly, she must decide between staying with him and pursuing her new love. On the last day of his deadline, a struggling screenwriter must overcome writer's block to finish his screenplay.  Meanwhile, his angry boss is coming to see him. A woman who is fed up with her mundane lifestyle hatches a scheme to make her family instant celebrities by having her ex-boyfriend kidnap her 11-year-old daughter for a month. Giorgio believes that wearing the right "look" is the means to rise above one's condition and shoplifting is the only way he knows. Giorgio is apprehended, goes to jail and in order to get out he agrees to a rehabilitation program with Chanel Borden, a young badly dressed New York heiress, arrogant about her wealth and breeding and obsessed about getting her PHD. Sparks fly as they reluctantly fall for each other and he discovers the designer buried within. This romantic comedy is a story that emphasizes the importance of commitment, true love and breaking old love patterns in order to create new beginnings. Sisters Margo and Karen, along with best friend 'Chelle, were full figured, bootylicious and proud of it - they loved hard, laughed out loud and lived life by the code, "the more the woman, the 'More to Love.'" Daily life at men and women's prison units where baseball and the marching band are serious business. Two prisoners escape in order to help paroled Steve from being blackmailed by his girlfriend's ex-partner-in-crime. In the Year 2026, women are near extinction due to a deadly virus carried only by men. "Pink Zone" was created to protect, but once outsiders decide to infiltrate everyone is at risk. The movie deals with a guy who gets to join the German Bundeswehr involuntarily because a colleague loses his denial papers in order to get the chance to get down on his girlfriend. When entering the Bundeswehr he acts like a giant idiot and of course gets in one room with some of the biggest losers around. The loser turns out to be a hero and leads his loser-colleagues to win a contest with the local US army squad. A former Nazi captain anonymously travels the ruins of post-World War II Germany seeking to atone for his crimes by hunting down the members of the SS Death Squad who once worked under him. Ed learns, after a series of blackouts, that he has split personality disorder - and that his alternate personality thinks she's a woman. Oye Hoye Pyar Ho Gaya is a story of two fun loving friends Sharry (Sharry Mann) and Harry (Rana Ranbir). Sharry falls for Meet, who is daughter of Police Commisioner Shamsher  Singh (Yograj Singh).  Chamkila (Binnu Dhillon) who is also trying his chances on Meet gets envy of Sharry and tries tarnishing his image in front of Meet's family. After one two failed attempts, he finally succeeds in his mission leaving Meet shattered. Anil (Sumanth Ashwin) is a happy go lucky guy from a town. Ananya (Eesha) is an independent girl from Hyderabad whose parents are going through arguments. Anil and Ananya meet at a mutual friend's wedding and become friends. Ananya is good with creative greeting cards. Anil has some business ideas and they start a new company and they fall in love. But both of them are afraid of committing to each other due to the experience of their parents. Hence they want to test their compatibility by living together in a secret place. The rest of the story is all about what they learn from it. Sam, a soldier who had served in Afghanistan and Iraq, meets Amira when he visits her uncle, Bassam, who had served as Sam's Iraqi translator. Bassam and Sam have a special bond due to their time together in the war. Initially Amira does not trust him because he was an American soldier and her brother was killed by a bomb from American troops in the war. Sam's cousin, Charlie, asks Sam to help him with illegal hedge funds unbeknownst to Sam at the time. Amira is staying with her uncle Bassam since her father died. She sells bootlegged films on the street corner but is forced to stay with Sam after getting busted; immigration officials begin pursuing her. As the film progresses, Sam and Amira fall in love. Soyan is a computer prodigy that works for a company he previously hacked. This online security firm runs covert activities for high-profile clients around the world. Loise is a cyber-detective who investigates war crimes for a human rights organization. She is obsessed with the truth. Loise and Soyan meet on a rooftop and bond together through a virtual chess game. But Soyan's employer, Russel Belial, has asked him to protect the same arms-dealer that Loise is determined to help to capture. What is Soyan's real goal? Who will call the game now? Loise and Soyan embark upon an intense but dangerous romance. After being in a virtual world, will Soyan and Loise risk everything for true love? Documentary - Sweat, sun, rain, tears, and green thumbs are all part of the challenge for a young couple attempting to become full-time organic farmers in this illuminating doc. Two young people find love despite the violent landscape in which they live. A beautiful girl who has everything. Charming, playful, in her own words: 'too joyful to fall in love.' A sudden car crash, and her heart stops for a few minutes. When she wakes up, everyone assures 'every-thing's alright.' But she knows it isn't. Because she cant remember her final month; a September of her life is missing. Leading a trail of hastily covered clues she finds herself in a remote Aegean island. A weird looking, grubby recluse, comes up-to him and proclaims: 'Don't you remember me? I'm the man you fell in love with.' Everything sensible about her screams 'get out of there' but she follows her memories right onto the tragic end of a miraculous affair. A pretty young girl falls for an enigmatic, shy man who sweeps her off her feet. She becomes pregnant but is not allowed to tell him. His advisers are adamant. Back home, they have set up a wedding with the daughter of an antagonistic family and marriage will put an end to the blood feud between them.  Meet Rubel, fourteen years old boy smuggling rice from India to Bangladesh. He has to cross the river Ganga acting as the international border. The same river eroded his home in mainland. A city boy named Ridzuan falls in love with a village girl named Tiqa. But their romance is not as straightforward as it seems. A married woman's affair comes back to haunt her when her obsessed lover infiltrates every part of her life. The streets of the Bronx are owned by '60s youth gangs where the joy and pain of adolescence is lived. Philip Kaufman tells his take on the novel by Richard Price about the history of the Italian-American gang 'The Wanderers.' A lyrical serene drama dedicated to love and loneliness Zindagi Tamasha (Circus of Life) is an intimate portrait of a family as well as a scorching political commentary on little gods on this earth who police our private passions. When Emily, a librarian-to-be, is assigned to tutor Mateo, a struggling undergrad, in American Lit, they do not get along; but when the discussion turns from classics to confessions, they learn something that could change their lives forever. A young tech worker takes a job at a powerful Internet corporation, quickly rises up the company's ranks, and soon finds herself in a perilous situation concerning privacy, surveillance and freedom. She comes to learn that her decisions and actions will determine the future of humanity. A socially awkward teenage math prodigy finds new confidence and new friendships when he lands a spot on the British squad at the International Mathematics Olympiad. A San Francisco spoken word artist returns to New Mexico to be with his dying father, only to find he loses his "voice" as he is sucked back in to the dysfunctional life of drugs and violence he left behind. What happens when the only son of a typical Nigerian family meets the girl of his dreams and she happens to be an English rose? All hell breaks loose. A young amateur fighter makes an enemy with a hardened thug when he gets in-between his next-door neighbor and her abusive ex- boyfriend. As his personal life becomes threatened, he realizes he must finish the fight that he started, but this time they'll settle it in the ring for the championship. Having thought that monogamy was never possible, a commitment-phobic career woman may have to face her fears when she meets a good guy. Victor Sluzhkin signs on as a teacher of geography in a secondary school in his native Perm (in the Urals) and gets lost in a haze of hard vodka, desperate love for a nymphet-like student and the stress of educating teenagers. Geographer, as the students immediately dub Sluzhkin, attempts to escape from the grueling, dull, stultifying reality of Russia's provincial life in a rafting tour to the Urals. Accompanied by wild, adventure-seeking adolescents, faced with the numerous grim surprises of the nature, Geographer is poised to find himself and his own truth. Director Franco Zeffirelli's beloved version of one of the most well-known love stories in the English language. Romeo Montague and Juliet Capulet fall in love against the wishes of their feuding families. Driven by their passion, the young lovers defy their destiny and elope, only to suffer the ultimate tragedy. Two swim-team members, a hairless boy and a hirsute girl, discover the pangs and tangles of first love. Layla, a 15-year-old living in Brixton, London, becomes involved with a gang and must set up a boy to be killed. A young Russian heiress of fortune is going to Armenia in order to finish the procedure of an arranged marriage she desperately needs. During a terrible storm, a jaded couple gets stuck in a house with a charismatic woman who threatens their relationship, and their sex-crazed male best friend. Through this ineluctable isolation, their true humanity surfaces. A group of friends at a Jerusalem retirement home build a machine for self-euthanasia in order to help their terminally ill friend. When rumors of the machine begin to spread, more and more people ask for their help, and the friends are faced with an emotional dilemma  Can two serial cheaters get a second chance at love? After a one-night stand in college, New Yorkers Lainey and Jake meet by chance twelve years later and discover they each have the same problem: because of their monogamy-challenged ways, neither can maintain a relationship. Determined to stay friends despite their mutual attraction, they make a pact to keep it platonic, a deal that proves easier said than done. Miriam, Derek, Ian, and Jenny are overachieving high school students doing everything by the book. Straight A's, sports, yearbook, band, and - when coursework allows - planning and executing elaborate murders. The video documents an intervention undertaken by Hiwa K and group of local activists on April 25th 2011 in Sarai Azadi Square- Slemani/ Nother Iraq, after two months of the civil protest. The international media have never properly covered the protest, which was finally brutally smashed by actual armed force and numerous threats by the local government. Moma is a hobo and suffers from depression. Ema is a hobo and had been treated for alcoholism. Moma lives in the abandoned factory premises. Ema lives in the shaft. Moma liked Ema at first sight. Ema liked Moma at second sight. The Falls: Testament of Love is a continuation of the story of RJ Smith and Chris Merrill, two Mormon missionaries that fell in love during their mission in a small town in Oregon. The boys haven't spoken in five years, but when an unexpected tragedy compells them back to the Oregon town where they served, they find themselves, once again, thrust into one another's lives. As old feelings begin to surface they find themselves again facing difficult choices. If they pursue their desire to be together, RJ and Chris risk hurting the ones they care about as they embark on a spiritual journey to discover love, freedom, and happiness. A blue-collar construction worker is left alone to care for his infant daughter after his wife dies. An aspiring singer dreams of making it big in the music industry. Hartenstraat is set in the Nine Streets district of Amsterdam. It is a village in a big town and everyone seems to be looking for love. As the womanizer Bas, seniors Bep and Aart and the couple Rein and Jacob. The only one who is not looking for love is Daan. He lives here with his daughter Saar in Hartenstraat, where he has his own business as a caterer. Then Katje appears in his life. The pretty fashion designer opens a fashion boutique next door to Daan. When her catering unexpectedly cancels just before opening her shop Katje must appeal to Daan. That is asking for trouble since the two opposite each other in everything. Yet Katje also secretly has an eye on her neighbor, especially now that her current relationship with Thomas is not going strong. Minnie Goetze is a 15-year-old aspiring comic-book artist, coming of age in the haze of the 1970s in San Francisco. Insatiably curious about the world around her, Minnie is a pretty typical teenage girl. Oh, except that she's sleeping with her mother's boyfriend. A 13-year-old girl living in a Buenos Aires shantytown falls for a 17-year-old boy who earns a living juggling in a Spiderman costume. IT'S NOT A DATE tells the story of Carly and Milo, a couple in their twenties on their first date. Although "It's not a date" but more of a casual meet at a local club; it begins as a classic girl meets boy saga with casual conversation that escalates to a night of passion. It evolves, NOT into a romantic partnership or a parting nod, to "bad chemistry" but instead with Carly. Frustrated with a life full of bad dates and believing that Milo is the worse of them she takes Milo on a detour into insanity so extreme he wishes "It's not a date." On the eve of Nikhil and Karishma's engagement, Karishma's wealthy father, Devesh Solanki, expresses his disapproval, believing Nikhil to be a lackadaisical young man. With one week to prove himself worthy to marry Karishma, Nikhil and Karishma's sister, Meeta, grow closer to each other. A man who wants to become a barrister falls for an architect, while another man heads up north to pursue a dream of starting a coffee plantation, where he meets a woman who shares his passion. Four stories of "stupid love" make up this romantic comedy.  A young man cannot forget his first love even though she's left him to study abroad and then comes back a married woman.  An office woman has a crush on a good looking guy whom everyone suspects is gay.  A university senior believes that love is trivial until she falls for a man who's been hitting on her friend.  Lastly, a high school boy fancies his close friend, who turns out to be a lesbian. A lifelong Carolina farm girl, now in her early 20's, Grace has dreamed all her life of the day when "Mr. Right" slips a Princess Cut diamond on her finger and swears to love her forever. Tonight may be that night as Stewart has something special planned after 15 months together! But when things don't go as planned, and romance crashes down around her, it launches her on a quest, aided by her father, to understand what it means to truly love another person. Will Grace finally discover love or ruin her chances for happiness forever? Two students are arrested for painting revolutionary graffiti on the university walls. They escape from the camp and flee with two American girls, disguised as rich young men who are showing Spain to two tourists. A romantic comedy loosely based on Jane Austen's 1815 novel Emma. Emma is now a pop culture loving, rom com obsessed, Zen seeking Wiccan lesbian living in New York City and working in a magic shop called Enchantments. In this re-telling of Jane Austen's classic we see bi-racial families and relationships and lgbtq relationships and realize that love is love. It doesn't matter how one loves, as long as it's true. It's a shiny, happy, campy love story like you've never seen before. Due to climate change a new race of flesh eating predators arise, who invade and eat everything living on earth. In a residential neighbourhood in a Danish suburb nightmare like scenes are being experienced first hand through the eyes of two teenage brothers, who can't stand each other, but are now suddenly forced to barricade themselves in the basement together, to avoid getting eaten. From one day to another, without parents and without electricity, food, water and contact to other people, the brothers have to learn to live together in their vital protection bunker, while monsters move past the basement windows and heavy, sharp claws can be heard moving around upstairs on the wooden floors. An ordinary guy delves deep into counterculture, conspiracy theories and the like as he tries to discern the structure of society. Madalena is 30 years old and is abandoned by the love of her life a mysterious Spaniard named Ricardo. With the support of her best friends she tries to forget him, and find true love. A recently dumped divorcee in his late-twenties sets out to plan a wedding-sized divorced party in an attempt to get his life back on track.  In the mid-1960s, wealthy debutant Edie Sedgwick meets artist Andy Warhol. She joins Warhol's famous Factory and becomes his muse. Although she seems to have it all, Edie cannot have the love she craves from Andy, and she has an affair with a charismatic musician, who pushes her to seek independence from the artist and the milieu. Set between the two World Wars and based on true historical events, Bitter Harvest conveys the untold story of the Holodomor, the genocidal famine engineered by the tyrant Joseph Stalin. The film displays a powerful tale of love, honour, rebellion and survival at a time when Ukraine was forced to adjust to the horrifying territorial ambitions of the burgeoning Soviet Union. Ella lives in a magical world in which each child, at the moment of their birth, is given a virtuous "gift" from a fairy godmother. Ella's so-called gift, however, is obedience. This birthright proves itself to be quite the curse once Ella finds herself in the hands of several unscrupulous characters whom she quite literally cannot disobey. Determined to gain control of her life and decisions, Ella sets off on a journey to find her fairy godmother who she hopes will lift the curse. The path, however, isn't easy -- Ella must outwit a slew of unpleasant obstacles including ogres, giants, wicked stepsisters, elves and Prince Charmont's evil uncle, who wants to take over the crown and rule the kingdom. Film starring Srinagar Kitty, Bhama and Indrakumar One man does all he can to veil his Asian heritage; the other takes great pains to hide his sexual orientation. Both of these things begin to change when Ryan is hired to prepare film star Ning for a fashion shoot, and the men develop a bond. A German businesswoman falls for an American pro wrestler she meets at the dog park, testing her lifelong obedience to her CEO/father. Strangers in their own birthplace,  a camp 16-year-old, lollipop-sucking Dany and his 18-year-old brother Odysseus cross the entire country (along with pet rabbit Dido ) in search of their Greek father, who they only know as "The Nameless", after the death of their Albanian mother.  They hope to get Greek passports and citizenship but on the journey they encounter racism and prejudice. An Ape from Space spreads terror into a small towns camp grounds. The lazy sheriff, and dumb deputy don't know what to do about it. Heartbreak affects us all. Oscar-nominated director Christian Frei teams with famed anthropologist Helen Fisher to examine the power and resilience of love despite it all. When a young married professional quits his job to pursue a career in photography, he gradually reveals the emptiness of his relationship with his wife as he begins to deeply connect with a German student. Maricel Soriano and Eugene Domingo co-star with Billy Crawford and Andi Eigenmann as lovers set to get married.  However, theres one stumbling block: Their mothers (that is, Maricel and Eugene) are against it. The two moms are revealed to be mortal enemies because in their younger years they fell in love with the same man.  The young lovers hatch a plan to reconcile their feuding moms. The tragedy: The mothers get lost in a remote island where they are forced to work together and settle their issues if they have to survive. They do become friends again.  What they dont know is that their children are on the brink of separation. A young man tries to escape a surreal dystopia where everyone wears ginormous metal stilts Spain, 1953. Kilian is a young man from the mountains of Huesca who travels with his brother to the island of Fernando Poo, a province of the Spanish Guinea in Africa, to work in his father's cocoa plantation. Once there, he embarks on a journey of twenty years towards maturity and knowledge, although he will also have to deal with pain and loss. Thirty-year-old Ben is about to marry Juliette. His quiet, ordered life will fall to pieces when he meets up again with the person he secretly wants to see the most: Vanessa, the high school bombshell who never so much as looked in his direction.  She's back in Paris, and the only person she now knows is him... When Mary's boyfriend Ted invites her out to a fancy restaurant, she's convinced he's going to pop the question. But instead of getting hitched, Mary gets dumped. To cheer her up, Mary's friends take her to see a psychic who casts a spell to reconnect Mary with her ex-boyfriend. The only problem is... Mary didn't say which one. She bumps into her college boyfriend Patrick, and despite feeling he's completely wrong for her, she slowly falls for him again. Ted soon realizes his mistake and wants Mary back. Mary is torn between her two exes: Mr. Right on paper, and Mr. Right for her. A boy and a girl who are deeply in love with each other struggle to stay together when they discover they have been afflicted by polio. A caretaker helps the couple stay strong and together. Rachel is an intelligent, modern-day woman constantly on the move. Primarily focused on her career as a diplomatic consul for the U.S. embassy, she's literally lived her life on the move, globe-trotting from city to city. Currently working in Mexico City and set to leave for London, Rachel's world turns upside down on the eve of her own goodbye party when she gets drunk and passes out on the street. Saved by Alejandro, a handsome Mariachi singer and single father, Rachel wakes up in his apartment with no recollection of how she got there. Nor does she remember that she rejected his visa the day before, which he desperately needs for his daughter. Romance unexpectedly blossoms between the two, but either sparks or fists will fly after she finds out his secret. John (Arya) and Regina (Nayanthara) are forced into wedlock against their wishes. Both undergo a rough patch initially in their marriage as they are not able to get over their past romances.  Prior to their marriage, Regina was in love with Surya (Jai), while John romanced Keerthana (Nazriya). What leads to the Arya-Nayanthara wedding? How they forget their romantic past and finally come together forms the rest of the story. Arnaud, facing an uncertain future and a dearth of choices in a small French coastal town, meets and falls for the apocalyptic-minded Madeleine, who joins an army boot camp to learn military and survival skills to prepare for the upcoming environmental collapse. Intrigued and excited by Madeleine's wild ideas, Arnaud signs up for the boot camp himself. They soon realize that the boot camp is harder than they'd imagined, but the experience nonetheless cements them together as the couple continues to explore their young love. Marcus and Cynthia are young middle school teachers who begin an interracial relationship that threatens to tear apart their family and friends. While the lines of color become blurred when combined with careers and deception, they experience the rollercoaster ride of life. What emerges is a deeply honest portrait of the challenges and obstacles that affect true love in this heartfelt drama.  Directed by Amit Goren. Director Franco Zeffirelli's beloved version of one of the most well-known love stories in the English language. Romeo Montague and Juliet Capulet fall in love against the wishes of their feuding families. Driven by their passion, the young lovers defy their destiny and elope, only to suffer the ultimate tragedy. Follows the journey of a 90-year-old atheist and the quirky characters that inhabit his off-the-map desert town. He finds himself at the precipice of life, thrust into a journey of self-exploration.  Shiva, a dubbing artiste lending voice to English films, has an aversion towards the idea of marriage and hates being in a commitment. However, his life takes unexpected turns when his mother blackmails him to meet a girl of her choice, Anjali. But Shiva has plans of his own to rule out the idea of marriage with Anjali. When 50-year-old Milena finds out about the terrible past of her seemingly ideal husband, while simultaneously learning of her own cancer diagnosis, she begins an awakening from the suburban paradise she has been living in. A sensitive portrait of Sabine Bonnaire, the autistic sister of the french actress Sandrine Bonnaire. A woman enlists the help of a carefree photographer to document her cross country trip to propose to her boyfriend. Things don't awry when they lose their bus and must make the rest of the way by any means they can. Adapted from Rabindranath Tagore's famous romantic novella, Shesher Kobita, Picnic tells the timeless story of three people from different worlds who come together at a resort. Picnic is the journey of two of these people who find each other, discover romance and come together to experience love beyond love. Successful at work, Fernanda is an example of women of the third millennium, free to make their choices and independent. Yet in her personal life she finds herself struggling to find a husband. Like other women of her generation, Fernanda put her personal life on hold to devote herself to her career and now suddenly feels her love life situation has become an emergency.  Being single at 39 is quite different from being single at 29, after all "the fertile egg has an expiration date"! Haani is a romantic saga spanning two different generations of a family. It tells the story of love, friendship and honor immortalized by commitment. The film simultaneously narrates 2 plots. Ranjit (Harbhajan) and Jagga (Sarabjit) are best friends in 1964 where Ranjit falls for Sukhaan (Mahreen) and loves her to death. Other plot involves Harman (Anuj) and Preet's (Sonia) love story in 2013 and Tony (Rupan Bal) who has similar role to Jagga in the movie. Somehow fate connects these love stories together. In his youth, Vijay is pressured into going to a brothel with schoolmates. An older woman humiliates him, setting up fear of women and years of nightmares. His widowed father hopes to ease his pain by hiring another woman to break down his walls. Upon discovering her fiance cheated, Claire, a witty, driven fashion columnist, jilts her husband-to-be at the altar and goes on a retaliatory dating streak to avenge the city's women and give men their comeuppance! But when she runs into her first love, will he ignite the fire or put out the flames? Four diverse gay men navigate art, sex and love in one sublime night. A story about Rain, a man in his thirties, in quest of happiness, love and the purpose of his life and all incident that occurred. About the people he met and places he went to that shaped his destiny. Three friends compete for the attention of a beautiful woman. Things couldn't be going better for Harry and Grace, a young New York City couple in love, until Grace's mother turns Harry's world upside down. In a twist on the classic Beauty and the Beast tale, Isabelle is all beauty--on the outside. A glamour-queen socialite, she spends her days spoiling herself and spending money like it's going out of style. When Isabelle injures herself and gets lost in an isolated winter land, she stumbles on the solitude of Jeremy, a man hiding from both the world and his past. He's the first person to put Isabelle in her place, and Isabelle realizes she might be more beast than she wants to admit. Through Jeremy's influence, she begins to change--and fall in love. But will she revert to the beast and give up her chance at real love when she returns home? Lincoln Loud is an eleven-year-old boy who lives with ten sisters. With the help of his right-hand man Clyde, Lincoln finds new ways to survive in such a large family every day. An obsessive prowler Jack (Jarratt)  breaks into the home of his victim Emily (Fairfax). Finding himself wounded then tied to a chair, Jack soon realises he underestimated his intended prey as the two engage in a night long tete-a-tete. Set in a village in Tamil Nadu called Silukkuvarpatti, VVS talks about the love between Bose Pandi  and Latha Pandi. While Bose is a carefree but spirited young man who doubles up as the leader of a local 'Sangam', Latha is the daughter of the village's head honcho, Sivanandi. Sivanandi and Bose don't exactly see eye to eye and added to this, Sivanandi is dead against his three daughters falling in love as he sees it as an insult to his status and standing in the village. A superhit hilarious comedy entertainer. Tricked by a fraudster, Ajay and Anjali are forced to stay in the same flat. They gradually warm up to each other and start getting romantic notions but the arrival of Deepak, Anjali's fiance, puts them in a dilemma. Kathir (Udhayanidhi) a Madurai lad goes to Coimbatore with a purpose and very soon flips for the charms of a beautiful Pavithra (Nayanthara) who is their neighbor. But Pavithra is already in love with her friend Gautham (Sundar) who is 'not a nice guy'. Kathir who was looking out for his friend at college Mayil (Santhanam) bumps into suddenly and he turns love advisor for Kathir. Gowtham (Jiiva) has a troubled childhood once his mother goes astray. He develops a dislike towards women in general and would often been seen in a pensive mood. Things change for the better when he bonds with Sri (Vinay) and Baby (Santhanam) at school. They make a pact that they would never marry in life. When circumstances force Sri and Baby to deviate from this, the bonding of the trio breaks and Gowtham comes to understanding how his perceived misconceptions about life is so untrue. Drifting through his gap year with its internships and travel plans, Jack has always suspected there was more to life than this. A chance encounter with the beautiful and ethereal Evelyn swerves his life radically off course. When Spencer Koll, a United States Marine, returns home from a horrific wartime experience, his mundane reality leads him to gravitate towards a new and mysterious woman on her own determined journey. Together, they enter into a magical but destructive new relationship which ultimately exposes their essential truths. Michel, a murderous womanizer, meets introverted Gloria online and treats her to a whirlwind one-night-stand. Offering herself as an accomplice in his seductive crimes, the unhinged lovers embark on a deadly odyssey amplified by wild sex, unbridled jealousy, and passionate forays into the dark arts. This smart and gory shocker breathes new life into the lovesick horror genre to serve up a chilling tale of white-hot desperation and terrifying devotion. Eastern and Western cultures collide. A musician and her martial artist fight to save the life of his mother back in China. WWW: Work Weather Wife Chinna Vandu (Dhanush), the youngest of three brothers, falls in love with Vana Roja (Nazriya) when she visits her grandmother, coinciding with the village carnival. After a few hiccups, their romance becomes mutual. Chinna Vandu has to then handle his family members, particularly his lovesick elder brothers, and also a dreaded goon who sets his eagle eyes on Roja. A videogame obsessive competes for the love of his life. A love triangle is unraveled when a young painter is approached by an admirer who eases him into making sense of his relationship with his wife. Pete Sandich is a reckless fire-fighting pilot who is killed in what was to have been his final mission. Ascending to Heaven, Pete is introduced to business-like angel who instructs the spectral Pete to pass on his aviation knowledge to his young successor. While doing so, Pete also smoothes the course of romance for his earthly girlfriend who, after several months of grieving, finally falls in love with another man. A teenager from an abusive household falls in love with a free-spirited runaway that leads him into the fast-lane lifestyle of drugs and addiction which threatens to destroy him. Nothing happens until two people fall in love -- and then the whole world changes. When romantic Howard learns that the first love of his life has had a world of sexual experience before him, he decides there is only one way to truly understand her: host a gathering of all her former lovers. A group of archaeological students become trapped in the past when they go there to retrieve their professor. The group must survive in 14th century France long enough to be rescued. In rural Indiana, Noah and his impoverished family wrestle with the mysterious return of his now mute sister, Lauren, who was kidnapped and held captive for over a decade. Orissa is the story of a girl called Suneyi, played by Sanika Nambiar.The film says a story based on a malayali constable Christhudas loving this girl. The firste ever Lahore made film. Anwari Begum and Rafiq Ghaznavi - the grand parent of Salma Agha - played title roles in this memorable film. Rafiq Ghaznavi was a famous musician in the 30s and 40s and Anwari Begum appeared in many films, one of them was Anmol Ghari. In Lisbon, Marcelo writes a novel, using the life of his own wife, Beatriz, as the main inspiration to the story. The creative process of the book takes a dangerous path, ultimately compromising the love they feel for each other. A beautiful and emotionally damaged bartender plans her death until she takes in a homeless neighbor. Two good friends find themselves in a predicament when their emotions get in the way of their friendship. A cop(Jarrod Crooks)is demoted to watch his boss'(Greg Kuper)daughter(Katrina Simyab)while she is on vacation with a friend(Shannon McDonough) A cafe in Chicago, 1942. On a rainy night, veteran reporter Homer Howard tells an increasing audience the story of Roxie Hart and the crime she was judged for in 1927. According to legend, the mansion's "blue room" is cursed--everyone who has ever spent the night in that room has met with an untimely end. The three suitors of the heroine (Gloria Stuart) wager that each can survive a night in the forbidding blue room. Taking place during the full-moon night of traditional dances in August and set on the Japanese island of Amami-Oshima, the drama centers on a 14-year-old boy who finds a dead body floating in the sea. The young man enlists the help of his girlfriend to solve the mystery. The pair "will learn to become adults by experiencing the interwoven cycles of life, death and love. A successful, attractive, intelligent and brilliant advertising executive is longing to finally find emotional stability in his life, and decides to propose to his girlfriend. After she refuses his proposal, his life takes a turn when a new young lady enters his life. The tragedy and comedy in Carlo's life begins, grows and ends like the tragedy and comedy of Portugal. In the company of his close friend, Joao da Ega, allegedly a brilliant writer, Carlos, with his idle existence as an aristocratic doctor, spends his time to enjoying friends and lovers. Until he falls in love. She is a new character in this revolutionary novel. It's a vertiginous passion that goes beyond that past gloominess to reach a new and darker abyss, incest. Paris. Winter. One night, Antoine, a 22 year-old boy, decides to go to the seaside. All night long, dealing with drug and love, he will try to buy his train ticket, which will leave at the crack of dawn. Sinan is sent to Capadocia by his boss, Isfendiyar to write a screenplay. As he waits for inspiration, Sinan finds himself running first into Eylul, the daughter of Izzet, who owns the hotel where he's booked to stay, and then into soap opera star Faruk, his former good friend and present enemy. It isn't long before cabdriver Lokman, who declares himself Sinan's 'chauffeur' and Arif, a local farmer and horse breeder, are part of both Sinan's life and his screenplay. Although plentiful adventures among the magical fairy chimneys, colorful balloons and at the annual grape festival become like a movie for all involved, the happy ending awaited by the boss, Isfendiyar never happens. But the boss insists on his happy ending. And Sinan has to write that ending! Musty Suffer is invited to stay in a mansion; hilarity ensues. A young man and woman recover from separate tragedies. Unseen forces in the universe work to bring them together for a purpose far greater than themselves. Dante travels to Lagos de Moreno to see an old girlfriend who is about to marry. By chance he meets an Italian tourist named Domenica and they spend the night wandering through the city streets. Among memories of lost loves, Dante and Domenica eventually discover they are soul mates. Nine Blackmon's "Bluelight" chronicles, via an internet blog, one man's hilarious and harrowing search for "the true blue light of love" four years after the untimely death of his partner. Saucy, sensual and visually-rich, the film introduces to Elwynn, a college professor and the many men he meets in his quest to find love over lust. Female, 23 years old, seeks male for relationship without speaking. That's how the advert is worded by Dara, a girl in the west of Ireland. Before long, she meets a young man called Senan and together they embark on a kind of silent adventure. There's something about him she doesn't know, but he's not going to be chatty about it. A sudden loss disrupts Carol's orderly life, propelling her into the dating world for the first time in 20 years. Finally living in the present tense, she finds herself swept up in not one, but two unexpected relationships that challenge her assumptions about what it means to grow old. A husband feels bored in his 9 year marriage. To add spice to his marriage, the husband composes a love letter to his wife. He doesn't sign the letter, thinking his wife would know who sent the letter. Because of this anonymous letter, the couple encounters unhappiness. Former couple and pop music duo Averie and Jesse unexpectedly reunite at her inn during the holidays. As they spend time together, they rediscover long-buried feelings and must decide if they are meant to live their lives solo or in harmony together. A socially inept factory girl decides to try and fit in but Being Nice is never as simple as it sounds. Myles and Brody are best friends with two very different ways of finding love. Displeased with their current love lives, they make a pact to be together if neither finds love in ten year's time. Now two months shy of their deadline, both friends set off to do whatever it takes to avoid ending up as each other's last resort. A working woman, mother a three children, realizes that, when her youngest one is about to go to Canada to continue her education, she will end up out of her most precious goal, being a mother.. Minori Oyamada, a put-upon editor at a travel-guide publishing company, is asked by an old friend to plan her forthcoming wedding party in Hawaii. After persuading her boss that it will be a work trip, Minori departs for Hawaii with the intention to find and marry a rich man. But when Minori arrives, she encounters three different men who complicate her original goal... Notoriously hip Berlin based hairdresser Tom Herzner falls in love with beauty parlor owner Heidi, turning both of their worlds upside down. So far so good. Only one problem: Tom is gay. April and May are two young girls running away from the police. They have murdered, beheaded and eaten parts of their victims. A promotional short documentary on the making of the film American Beauty, directed by Sam Mendes and written by Alan Ball. Not in distribution. A married couple of 6 years invites an old friend and his new, free spirited girlfriend to their Hamptons Summer home for a long weekend. Emotions and desires are stirred but in ways none of them expected. A volatile young married couple moves from Los Angeles to Vermont in search of a geographical marriage fix. Manhattan explores how the life of a middle-aged television writer dating a teenage girl is further complicated when he falls in love with his best friend's mistress. A rich irresponsible boy shows a different feeling towards a fresher at the university. He suddenly vanishes taking money from the girl's bank. The girl goes in search of the boy to get her money. The film has a turning point which is surprising. A young vibrant couple battling inferiority and superiority complex witness an extraordinary scenario that changes their lives forever. The second film from Aaron Fernandez is a Spain-Mexico-France co-production already screened as part of Films in Progress at the 60th edition of the Festival. On the desolate coast of Veracruz, young Sebastian, 17, has to run his uncle's motel single-handed, renting rooms by the hour. That's how he meets Miranda, a regular customer who goes there to wait for a lover who often arrives late, sparking a fleeting game of seduction between the two. When thirty-something David isn't working as a photographer at a high-street photo studio he is stressing over his love-life. Torn between his rather-too-agreeable girlfriend Lisa and the exciting but tricky Nina, he has serious decision to make. When he gets it all wrong and loses them both he has to start all over again. Desperate to jar herself from the rich tedium of picture-perfect Beverly Hills, Sophie moves across town to another world: Echo Park. She quickly strikes up an unexpected connection with Alex, a handsome neighbor and British expat who is reluctantly selling his beloved home to move back to London. As the summer passes, a romance driven by uncertainty compels them to reassess where each belongs.  Father, author and relationship expert, Matthew Taylor is on a whirlwind book tour promoting his new best seller, The Bounce Back. He's got it all figured out until he meets the acerbic Kristin Peralta, a talk show circuit therapist who's convinced he's nothing but a charlatan. Matthew's life is turned upside down when he inadvertently falls for Kristin and has to face painful truth of his past relationship. Two sisters from the island of Andros, dubbed Little England because of its affluence, are both in love with the same man. Set in the Greek Civil War period and ending in the 1950s, the movie is based on the homonymous novel by Ioanna Karystiani. Narrated by cult teen star Fairuza Balk, Beyond Clueless is a dizzying journey into the mind, body and soul of the teen movie, as seen through the eyes of over 200 modern coming-of-age classics A story centered around a transitional point in the life of Ave Maria Mulligan, the heart of her community in the Appalachian Mountains of Virginia. Epic feature film that clocks in at four hours and fifteen minutes, born from a proposal at an actor training school. Three-part structure consists of an ensemble play by directors as they prepare for the stage, the play as it is actually performed before an audience, and short episodes. A story of a man who fakes his own death and assumes a new identity in order to escape his life, who then moves in with a woman who is also trying to leave her past behind. Driving all night, packed in one car, five high school friends avoid their final destination - home. Chiyoko's mother died when she was young. Since that time, Chiyoko has closed her heart to others. After her pet dies, Chiyoko feels loneliness. Her mother liked the Italian movie "La Strada." Due to movie study club senior, Masamune, Chiyoko is able to watch the Italian movie "La Strada," which her mother liked. Chiyoko soon acts in a movie directed by Masamune. Jane is left with a massive hit to her co-dependent nature when her live-in boyfriend Adam leaves for an acting gig in New Orleans. Her anxiety worsens when a headache in the form of Laura, Adam's childhood friend, arrives to record an album with the absentee actor. Spurred by Jane's need to get out of the house and Laura's spontaneous nature, the two pack up the car and hit the road towards New Orleans. As they struggle to deal with the roadblocks and strange occurrences along the way, the two form an unexpected friendship. Karthi (Dulquer Salman) and Riya (Malavika Mohanan) elope one early morning to Ooty, fearing that the elders in the family will not accept their inter-religious relationship. They return to their respective homes after a couple of days after having a fight. They convince their loved ones that they hate each other and vow never to see each other again. The film would then trace the eventual course of their lives. Four lovers find themselves caught in a tangle of intersecting relationships in this engaging, New York-set romantic drama that explores the ripple effects of love and obsession. A young Russian boy, Thomas Minton, travels to New York as a passenger on a Russian freighter. Close to Ellis Island he gets off and thus starts his journey to America the same way as all immigrants in former times. Thomas is searching for the family of one of his ancestors, who had emigrated decades ago, but once sent a letter home together with a sample of his new profession: 3D-Photography. The boy follows his relative's traces by counter-checking the old 3D-Photographs of New York (using an antique viewer) with the same places and how they look today. This way, the audience gets to see the Big Apple in former times as well as today. After meeting a man online, Aya is kidnapped by human traffickers. Mickey, a free-spirited New York cabbie, and Francis, a materialistic Wall Street stockbroker, are extremely competitive and confused about women as a result of their father's influence. Though they disagree about everything, they have one thing in common: Mickey's ex-fiance Heather is Francis's secret love. Though both brothers have beautiful wives, Heather triggers their longtime sibling rivalry Following his release from prison, an ex-fighter meets a woman who helps him put his life back together. Teenager Kazuki Miyaichi has always felt unloved by her mother due the circumstances surrounding her birth. Because she harbors anxiety and perceives herself as being worthless to others, she engages in acts of juvenile delinquency. One day, a transfer student from Yokohama named Eri introduces her to Hiroshi Haruyama, a reckless youth who's a member of the "Nights" motorcycle gang. Kazuki finds herself increasingly drawn to Hiroshi over time, but he soon becomes leader of the Nights and gets caught up in a conflict with a rival gang. Two estranged friends travel across the country to attend their college reunion, and face their complicated past along the road. Plus sized and 30 years old, LEXIE IVY is a feisty Bed and Breakfast owner who desperately needs a date to her sisters wedding. In small town Nova Scotia, thats no easy task, especially when the most eligible bachelor is JOSS, the rough handyman fixing her roof. When ADRIAN, a handsome and charming guest, arrives and seems to take an interest in Lexie, she thinks all her problems are solved. But she misreads the situation and is soon reeling, believing her romantic dream has slipped away, maybe forever. After a series of hilarious mishaps and a reality check or two, Lexie opens her heart and eyes to see that love may be a lot closer than she thought. Mickey's film is having a premiere, and all the stars turn out at the Chinese Theatre. Among those shown: Laurel and Hardy, the Marx Brothers, Jimmy Durante, Clark Gable, Sid Grauman, Mae West. The picture, Galloping Romance (Pegleg Pete kidnaps Minnie, and Mickey gives chase on a variety of animals), starts, and everyone in the audience sways along to the music, then rolls in the aisles with laughter. After, everyone comes on stage to congratulate Mickey; Garbo smothers him with kisses. After losing her dream job at a fashion magazine -- and her boyfriend, Danielle heads home to Romania. With the help of her colorful family, she rediscovers herself and her love of fashion. Born into a wealthy family, Xiao-wei lives a carefree life with his loving mother's care. He enjoys reading picture books written by his favorite author Kauff, especially those works about mermaids. One day, he accidentally takes the wrong bus, arrives at the seacoast and meets a mermaid, Blue. He believes Blue is the embodiment of the character in those picture books. Since then, Xiao-wei's "normal life," has become not "normal." A millenary language agonizes: Its last two speakers, Evaristo and Isauro (70's) had a quarrel 50 years ago and haven't spoken to each other since. Martin, a linguist, will undertake the challenge of bringing the two old friends back together and convince them to talk again in order for him to be able to obtain a record of the language. Yet, hidden in the past, in the core of the jungle, lies a secret hidden in the language that makes it difficult to believe that the heart of Zikril will beat again -  and a forbidden gay love story. The romantic ensemble piece revolves around a filmmaker who wants to stop cheating on his girlfriends, a fan who continues to pine for an idol, and a former idol who goes to meet him, while also contemplating the true meaning of 'proper love.' A lonely artist brings a young, drifter woman back to his tiny apartment to live with him. Between his obsessive tendencies and her non-stop drinking, something strange happens. They start to care for each other. After serving time in a New Hampshire jail, a freed inmate faces the pull of addiction. A married couple's life is turned upside down when the wife is accused of a murder. Lara Brennan is arrested for murdering her boss with whom she had an argument. It seems she was seen leaving the scene of the crime and her fingerprints were on the murder weapon. Her husband, John would spend the next few years trying to get her released, but there's no evidence that negates the evidence against her. And when the strain of being separated from her family, especially her son, gets to her, John decides to break her out. So he does a lot of research to find a way. This present day psychological thriller is about a couple named Barry and Rachel McAlister. As they struggle to balance their family and careers, their lives quickly unravel into temptation and deceit when they are faced with their son's struggles in school. Infidelity, obsession and murder result from this strained marriage. Who will survive this twisted game of survival and desperation? Her body is paralyzed and she doesn't believe in love, but Tova, the Matchmaker, tirelessly strives to find love for everybody else... A coming of age story about self-revelation.  Sylvia, a struggling artist in New York, is fired from her job and flees back to her Texas hometown for a friend's wedding. At the pre-wedding party, she meets an enigmatic stranger, Esteban. On the eve of the big day, he dares her to join him on a road trip through the jewel cities of the Deep South. The bonds between Naomi and Ely are tested when they fall for the same guy.  A charming romance develops between a boy with one eye and an overweight girl, though when she loses weight after going to college, their relationship is tested in devastating ways they never dreamed would happen. The story of a young mother who loses her husband in Afghanistan and struggles to raise their young daughter in his absence. A story of a high school boy as he processes the loss of his first love and learns to experience high school over again. For 3 years of high school, JU Ran has silently had a love for a young girl in his class. At the end of his senior year, as the college entrance examination looms overhead, JU Ran's situation changes, and he is given the chance to repeat his senior year. Through this year, he studies again for the examination, and has a second chance at his high school experience. JU Ran's tale is that of growing up, and a caution to take joy in every moment, because even second chances are not perfect. Global panic ensues when it is revealed that a mysterious UFO is actually a giant turkey-like bird that flies at supersonic speed and has no regard for life or architecture. A woman and young daughter escape her abusive husband by faking their deaths. Eight years later she is happily living in the upscale Palm Springs with her now-17-year-old daughter. When her husband discovers they are still alive, he tracks them down and spies on them to learn all about the new life they've created until he can exact his revenge. Jenny Farrell is getting married. But how will her straight-laced family react when they find out that the woman they thought was their daughter's roommate is actually her fiancee? As the old-fashioned Farrells attempt to come to terms with the prospect of a surprise daughter-in-law, they face a difficult choice: either adapt with the times or risk being left behind. A futuristic love story set in a world where emotions have been eradicated. Kiss is a romantic comedy entertainer about two strangers coming together in San Francisco. The entire story transpires in 24 hours. Close relatives, Suri (Raj) and Uma Devi (Avika) grow up together living next door to each other. They are made for each other but Suri takes a while to figure that out.  Loving wife &amp; mother Sarah is abducted by intelligent and forensically aware psychopath Nigel. The family and the police are subjected to a manipulation of the reality that surrounds them. Relating to the darkest side of the human character Flowerman also connects with both a spiritual aspect and a basic drive for survival. Taped on two nights in a London theatre, I Wish You Love is a live concert with Marlene Dietrich performing songs from her film and music career. Chiang is a humble, law-abiding man who drives his rickshaw, making a meager yet honest living.  Then trouble comes forward in the form of money, women and crime. He reacts in the only way he knows how. Chiang is a kung fu expert who explodes when pushed too far!  Nothing fancy about his technique. He bashes and smashes all who stand in front of him. See Chiang rip an army of gangsters to pieces in the roughest kung fu action ever! When his dream girl returns to school a hopeless romantic teen tries to win her heart, until he hits rock bottom and realizes his true love has been there all along. The epic emotional journey of a suburban African-American family -- led by a well-intentioned but domineering father -- as they navigate love, forgiveness and coming together in the aftermath of a loss. The film tells the story of two fashionable girls born in the 1990s who get to know each other through renting an apartment together. Their relationship transforms from that of enemies to best friends. The movie is about two people who are the exact opposite. Art know what he wants to achieve in life. He wants fame as an artist but doesn't have the confidence that he has the talent to get him there. On the other hand, Foon is more logical and follows a linear path to get to her goals. Jina, a midwife, is a dream come true for seven-month pregnant Sara until secrets unfold and Jina may want more than only delivering the baby. Four years into his first stable relationship, a man finds out that he is pregnant with his partner's baby. Ema shares with her two best friends the find in her fortune cookie - three fortunes in one and they all read the same - "your path to finding eternal love begins now". She reflects on being in love and believes it's just around the corner. Days go by and she becomes disenchanted as her luck in love isn't panning out. Then one day a certain someone mysteriously appears. Gitaz Bindrakhia &amp; Priyal Gor Movie Matias suffers from annoying nightmares, which don't let him move on with his life. Meanwhile, he passes his days between Eugenia, his wife, and Silvana, his lover. An inspirational story of redemption, Hell of a View tells the tale of a young chef, Sam Rama. After the destruction of his family's well-established Atlantic City restaurant during Hurricane Sandy, Sam must grow up quickly, taking the biggest risks of his life, both in business and love. When Sam comes to the aid of a wealthy patron and then falls for the newly separated Sarah Bell, a chain of unexpected events unfolds for all of them, as they discover the only way to achieve their dreams may be to acknowledge what they owe to others, and realize that the greatest investments take more than cash. After a traumatic divorce, Ricardo Adler sets out to discover how to achieve a fulfilling and lasting marriage. His search takes him to Rabbi Manis Friedman, who introduces him to Kabbalah's ancient secrets to attain the highest form of intimacy. The film portrays the dramatic transformation of Ricardo's new marriage, and the reactions of other couples to this revolutionary way to sexual connection. THE LOST KEY reveals forgotten wisdom that could inspire society to rediscover intimacy, one bedroom at a time. Life-long business partners Santiago and Eugenio care for each other, and need each other. When Eugenio suddenly vanishes, Santiago and Eugenio's wife, join forces to look for him. What they discover is not what they set out to find, and their shared journey becomes a surprising and lighthearted meditation on friendship, love, and loyalty. A young woman with Asperger's tries to find her first boyfriend with a little help from her older sister. Set in Shanghai, the film revolves around a series of funny stories following a policeman named Liu Meili as he infiltrates a group of gangsters. An easy-going man ensures that the spark in his marriage stays strong by always apologizing and opting for the path of least conflict in his relationship. When his wife becomes pregnant and wishes to have the baby, he does not offer resistance, but is also not ready to be a father. How will their relationship evolve? Jack Willis is a handsome roadtrain driver with a secret - he has just become a top-selling romance novelist. However, being a 'man's man' in the Australian outlook, to avoid embarrassment, he needs a name, a woman's name - and he chooses that of his best friend, Ruby Vale. He must do some fancy footwork to continue the charade when the glamorous city publisher, Ziggy, arrives in dusty outback Lucktown to sign 'Ruby Vale' to a major book deal. Ruby agrees to help Jack though it's for her own gain as well - the publisher will pay for her coming wedding (with Hamish, Jack's buddy). Accompanied by Jack, Ruby goes to Sydney to meet the media, appear on TV and cocktail parties, etc. Gradually, Jack realizes that he has fallen in love with Ruby, while Ruby is also touched by Jack's novel. However, Hamish arrives in Sydney a few days later and asks both of them to stop all these foolish things Jang-bu was an ordinary boy except his special talent; To see every moving thing like a slow motion video. As friends teased him by calling 'monster eyes', he decided to stick at home and not to go out. Television has been his only friend. Time passes by, and now grown-up Jang-bu works at the CCTV control center which is the best job for him. When he sees people's life through camera, he feels he's sharing their ordinary life that he's never had. This new job opens his heart to the world and Jang-bu starts to make some friends out of the control center. With his dear friends he receives sense of himself and finally decides to propose a girl that he loved for long from CCTV... Told in eight parts, Islands tells the story of Finn, Jake, BMO  and Susan Strong leaving Ooo and traveling across the ocean to solve the mystery of Finn's past. During their trip, they unlock secrets, encounter various creatures, make new friends, and explore a variety of mysterious islands. John Hall is a drifter who wanders into a small town in Maine. He needs a job and decides to seek employment at the community's top business: a large textile mill. He is hired to work the "graveyard shift" -- from around midnight to dawn -- and, along with a few others, he is charged with cleaning out the basement. This task strikes the workers as simple enough, but then, as they proceed deeper underground, they encounter an unspeakable monstrosity intent on devouring them all. A small town stud dreams of hitting the big time and making some big money. He tries out various schemes until he hits the jackpot as a gigolo, living a sort of double life that he keeps hidden from his wife. Klaus Muller, a battle-hardened veteran, finds himself fighting for his life on the Russian front. Surrounded by overwhelming numbers of Russian tanks and planes, he and his men are doomed until famed German tank ace, Michael Wittmann, shows up in his Tiger Tank and saves the day. Once wounded, Klaus is transferred to Normandy to serve under Field Marshal Rommel just days before the Allied invasion. Much to his surprise, he finds that his beloved Klaudia is also stationed nearby as a field nurse. Unfortunately, so is her father, who is working with the French resistance and now finds himself pursued by the ruthless Gestapo officer Brahms, whose search leads him to Klaus and Klaudia attempting a rescue. They are caught and imprisoned. As D-Day begins and the Allies attack from the beaches and the sky, they escape from the prison, fighting the Gestapo in the middle of the biggest invasion in world history... Written by tino struckmann Genevieve and Adrian, two young friends, are individually seduced by the same young man. As the love triangle develops, the boundaries of their friendship come into question. The worlds of a depressed psychologist and an emotionally disturbed homeless woman collide. While trying to rescue her they fall in love, and each gets a second chance at a new life. A woman is forced to spend a few days in a remote Swedish cabin with a man ten years younger. As investigative reporter Ward Jansen and his partner Yardley Acheman chase a sensational, career-making story with the help of Ward's younger brother Jack and sultry death-row groupie Charlotte Bless, the pair tries to prove violent swamp-dweller Hillary Van Wetter was framed for the murder of a corrupt local sheriff. Lili tries to reconnect with a past love after being institutionalized, but will he help her regain her strength or will she be on her own to heal? A beautiful Webgirl travels to a small New England town away from her husband who is exploiting her for sex and a million dollar payday. The movie is inspired by the 1979 classic sexy-comedy film Salawahan directed by Ishmael Bernal whom originally stars Rita Gomez, Mat Ranillo, Jay Ilagan, Rio Locsin, Sandy Andolong, and Bonching Miraflor. From the outside it may look like fun and games, but this provocative documentary reveals that stand-up comedy is one of the most grueling and merciless careers paths one can choose. Popular comedian Rayzor hosts this insider's look at the urban comedy circuit, featuring candid interviews with Sheryl Underwood, Donnell Rawlings and other top funnymen and women who tell it like it is. This program also includes selected comedy routines.  In 1992, a young man who works at a video store takes shelter in it (along with his friends and family) during a "possible" zombie invasion. Experienced New York Police Detective John Harris is sent to London to help a local task force investigate a series of gangster killings organized by a new player in town, an American.With the help of a young teen wronged by gangsters, Harris navigates London's seedy, drug-fueled underworld in order to take down its new criminal empire. Three women artists from Berlin collaborate on an exhibition sponsored by a biotech firm and end up being the first people to experience the fascinating symptoms of an evolutionary leap.  Mitch must confront the haunting memories of his mother's tragic death and overcome his alcohol abuse, or lose all that is most precious to him. Mato Grosso do Sul, Brazil, the present. When a young Guarani-Kaiowa woman commits suicide, Nadio leads his community to form a protest camp on the borders of a local farm that sits on their ancestral burial ground. Exposure follows a rookie Detroit African-American female cop who stumbles upon corrupt officers who are murdering a drug dealer, an incident captured by her body cam. They pursue her through the night in an attempt to destroy the footage, but to make matters worse, they've tipped off a criminal gang that she's responsible for the dealer's death. The vitality of the African city has provided local filmmakers with a rich array of stories for their films. African Metropolis presents six short films that examine the complexity of urban life in Abidjan, Cairo, Dakar, Johannesburg, Lagos and Nairobi. They run the gamut of genres, but in all the central character is the city itself. A Jewish pensioner lives alone in a Johannesburg apartment, the last resident of an ever-changing city. In a Nairobi of the future, one man searches for the girl of his dreams. Dakar is the backdrop to an intimate conversation between two women. Abidjan once played host to the American artist Jean-Michel Basquiat. In Cairo a musician sees the gap between rich and poor expand. And a final film confronts the perils of the poverty trap. Businessman Lucky Loc has finally gained a respectable position in society. However, his winning streak comes to a sudden halt when he pays with "funny money" to an unsuspecting salesgirl, Quyen. Believing it to be his lucky charm, he's convinced giving away the bill caused his misfortune. At the same time, Quyen's fortune plummets and she blames the cursed "funny money" for it. When Lucky tries to retrieve the bill and Queyen holds it for ransom, Lucky must do his best to survive this increasingly materialistic world, while keeping his soul and sanity intact. The economy has collapsed. In a universe of moral and economic impoverishment, we find Flavia, a spoiled teenager with artistic aspirations that are somewhat frustrated when she is not accepted at the University. Her neighbor Martin, a mature man with rigid routines, is her antipode. When Flavia meets Martin, there are sparks of friction at all times, and the situation is unlikely to get any better. When a female guard becomes a prisoner of his mind, a male inmate struggles to keep the truth from escaping. Hailey is a conceited, professional woman and self-proclaimed serial dater with no interest in marriage. She believes no one man can possess all five of her most coveted qualities until she meets Christopher, a handsome businessman who has sworn off women. When Christopher shows no interest in Hailey she does everything she can to pursue him. A psychological thriller about a man's obsession with finding his wife in a post-apocalyptic world. Set in early 2014, Poppy Wakefield works as a freelance journalist from her beautiful home in England. Her seemingly perfect, if predictable, life is shattered when she discovers her husband Stephen is having an affair.  In shock from betrayal, she finds comfort in a TV segment featuring George Clooney. George is everything her husband isn't - sophisticated, funny, charming - someone who cares about making a difference in the world and who Poppy believes is her ideal match!  When she receives a well timed invitation to visit her friend Justin in LA, Poppy decides to give fate a helping hand and takes off on a quest to cross paths with George - where she has no doubt they will fall in love at first sight! However a surprise announcement brings Poppy and her romantic fantasy crashing back down to earth.  Through a funny series of near misses, unrelated adventures and colorful characters, Poppy navigates her new life in LA, until one day fate throws her a very unexpected curveball... An Indian raised in the Philippines falls in love with a Filipina on business in Mumbai. She leaves unexpectedly, and he travels back to the Philippines to find her. Mosayile Kuthira Meenukal (English: Swordfishes of Big Tides), a Malayalam Adventure movie directed by Ajith Pillai. Asif Ali (Alex) is the scion of a large and rich Christian family, whose male members take pride in flaunting their virility. Due to his wayward life he lands up in prison. He makes attempts to flee from prison but in vain. A savior appears before him in the form of Sunny Wayne. He is from Lakshadweep, and circumstances make Asif Ali to follow him to the beautiful picturesque sea side town where he learns to amend his selfish ways. The narration forms the rest of the story. Jeetu and Dolly are in love and would like to get married. After seeking Dolly's dad's blessings, they do get married and move in together. They live harmoniously for quite some time, until misunderstandings occur, minor molehills soon become mountains, and they threaten to separate from each other. That done, each goes to their respective lawyers to negotiate a divorce. When Dolly's dad finds out about this, he decides to pay them a visit. Alarmed that he will disapprove of their move to separate, both pretend to live together and show him that they are still in love. But truth has the nasty habit of showing up uninvited, and it will not be long before acrimony breaks out in his presence Meeting the right person at the wrong time can be the best thing that ever happened to you. The story follows Jamie, a troubled young man with a birthmark on his face, which has left him feeling isolated and fearful, hiding from the world outside. He lives in the East End of London, an area notorious for its violent hooded gangs. According to news reports, the gangs are now wearing demon masks. But, one night, Jamie discovers the terrifying truth. The manager (Stephen McNally) of a rocket-fuel plant deals with a worker (Vic Morrow) threatening to blow himself up. Set in the mid-80s, when a reporter is sent to cover the Challenger Space Shuttle launch only to become mixed up in the lives of some local students. The year is 2030 and two scientists, Felix and Maxine, are about to release their latest creation, Veronica a fully functional pleasure android, out onto the market. Unfortunately, untimely interference from a colleague causes Veronica to be sent back to the year 1998. There she meets Harry Horner and becomes a lingerie model to help his ailing catalogue fetish business. Soon Camilla, Harry's competitor, learns of Veronica and steals her away to make Veronica work for her. Eventually, the two scientists locate Veronica and travel back to 1998 in a bid to rescue her. Harry and the scientists combine forces and rescue Veronica from Camilla's clutches. Veronica makes Harry's business a success and he is able to sell it to and interested buyer. Veronica and Harry have fallen in love and she decides to stay in 1998 along with the two scientists! Chandu, a swindler, falls in love with Shalini and tries to impress her uncle. When he manages to do so, she tells him that in order to win her over, he must mend his ways. A struggling musician enters into a chance affair with a married woman. The illicit encounters and resulting bond affect both in lasting and significant ways. It seemed like a great idea when all-around nice guy Max and his beautiful girlfriend, Evelyn moved in together. But when Evelyn turns out to be a controlling, manipulative nightmare, Max knows it's time to call it quits. There's just one problem: he's terrified of breaking up with her. Fate steps in when Evelyn is the victim of a fatal, freak accident, leaving Max single and ready to mingle. Just as Max is thinking about moving on with what could be his dream girl, Olivia - Evelyn has returned from the grave and is determined to get her boyfriend back...even if that means transforming him into one of the undead. After performing at the legendary Greenbelt Arts Festival in 1979, After The Fire return 25 years later marking their return with this live performance. Originally filmed as a private recording of the event, they decided to release the show on DVD.  Bentzi, Momo, and Yuda'leh are three teenage boys growing up in 1950's Israel, which is not much different from 1950's America if you believe what you see in the film. Of course they are obsessed with one thing - sex. Bentzi is interested in the beautiful Nili, but she prefers his friend Momo. A lonely video editor decides to try online dating while his girlfriend is away. He meets a neurotic newbie to the online romance scene who soon sends his life into a crazy tailspin of bad decisions. An Argentine travels to Spain to begin his studies. During the flight, he causes so much troubles to a flight attendant that she is fired. At home, the ex flight attendant discovers some dresses that belonged to her grandmother and decides to try her luck with an artist representative. There she will find the guy who caused his dismissal. Both fail to act in Barcelona,   but the boy's father attended the performance, being surprised, because he believed his son was studying in Madrid. After years of bailing each other out of bad dates by pretending to be married, best friends and longtime roommates Brendan & Melissa receive a court notice that they are now common law married. The hidden memoir of an elderly woman confined to a mental hospital reveals the history of her passionate yet tortured life, and of the religious and political upheavals in Ireland during the 1920s and 30s. The relationship of a couple who meet by chance in New York City is put to the test when they encounter a life or death circumstance. They are not wild and crazy anymore, or at least they think so. Now, thanks to an offer nobody can't refuse, they will try to recapture that old rock and roll magic and give themselves a second chance.  Rich Mr. Dashwood dies, leaving his second wife and her daughters poor by the rules of inheritance. Two daughters are the titular opposites. Sebastian, Mota and Valeria are three college students owners of "Oranch", one of the most popular "trolling" web sites on Chile. Things turn complicated for Sebastian when he mets and falls for Camila, a girl which happens to be the teen celebrity they've been mocking for months. In this cult film, Azure St. Clair, a neurotic vampiress who is deathly allergic to blood, must protect her only source of food, the VAMPIE (a vampire pie), from a dark vampiric order that wants to use the powers of this deadly pie to revive the dead and enslave the world. Bollywood 2013 More than half a century after independence, the Algerian question remains a taboo subject in France and arouses passions. Whatever the words, whatever the decisions, there will always be a side that feels aggrieved. Why does time fail to cure resentment? From the signing of the Evian agreements in 1962 to the skid of the candidate Macron, who was in February 2017 in opposition to the "Pieds Noirs" community for comparing the colonization of Algeria to a crime against humanity. The story is told through the experiences of exiles, activists, former soldiers and politicians, all involved in the events. Eleni is in love with a young and handsome Turk, Sedat (Tolgahan Sayisman), who also lives on Buyukada with his father, horse carriage driver Halil. These two have been sweethearts since their childhood, and now in college they have decided to further their relationship by tying the wedding knot. The only problem is that Eleni's father does not even know that these wild kids are hitched, since Eleni anticipated that the rich Stavro would never consent to her marrying a Turkish boy from a poor family. Sedat continuously pushes Eleni to tell Stavro of their plans, but the fragile girl can't summon up her courage.  Meanwhile, in the background, the relationship between the Greeks and Turks of Cyprus is getting tenser by the day, affecting the situation of the Greek population in Turkey. On March 16, 1964, Ismet Inonu and the Cabinet come to a decision that all Turkish citizens of Greek descent must migrate to Greece. The Pooles are unable to have a baby after years of trying. They apply to the Rock-A-Bye Adoption Agency, and are assigned Miss Novick as an investigator. Through a farfetched mis-communication she gets a very bad impression of Augie Poole and indicates her report will be unfavorable. Through even more far-fetched circumstances, Augie is able to change Miss Novick's mind, and later comes to believe the baby she is carrying is his. Rock-A-Bye does find the Pooles a baby, and Augie is convinced it is Miss Novick's, and that he is the real father...so much so that his wife comes to believe it, too. She threatens to leave him, but all the misunderstandings are finally cleared up for a happy ending. It was supposed to be just an ordinary holiday of the sunny Kos, but Toni has to rescue a beautiful local girl from the clutches of kidnappers of Adriana . When it appears that anyone else can be trusted, will Toni reluctantly rely on velipuoliensa assistance.  Son of the trio formed a peaceful holiday in the South of traditional package holidays to skyrocket wilder Extreme trip full of momentum, disguise, theft and dangerous situations. The legendary ancient landscapes of the archipelago, hot beaches, small mountain roads and the Mediterranean waves rush adventurers risked their lives threatening situation to another. A journey of love and hope, of courage and sacrifice, and one man's miraculous salvation through a life-saving liver transplant. FORCE OF DESTINY is a story of survival inspired by Paul Cox's personal experiences and his recent book Tales From the Cancer Ward. The film grapples with multiple issues, but primarily the changing nature of love and its impact on the twin institutions of marriage and family. A girl is always punctual,disciplined. Her husband love her but the fact is he is not a disciplined and totally reverse with her wife. A girl plans to break up with her boring loser boyfriend during a 3 days, 2 nights excursion in the forest. Eric feels his life falling apart until Fyodor Dostoevsky's naked (and hairless) reincarnation enters his apartment and helps him find true love. In "The Dream of Ivan" we will see for the first time in history a worldwide selection of soccer stars, a team that brings millions of people watching television, playing against a worldwide selection of ... children! Why? To raise funds to help victims of a terrible earthquake in Africa. This happens many times: that professional teams, or football stars, organize charity matches. What had never happened before is that the game is played by children. The proposal has been an initiative of UNICEF and FIFA. A story about a madman with a movie camera. He's a narcissist, nihilist, sexual sadist and killer of innocent women. His name is Charlie and WILD IN BLUE is his world: a place of evil, violence and perversion where only his camera tells the truth. He set out to make an honest film for you - no lies whatsoever - and after the madness and all the hate, you will love him. Is setting a loved one free the proof of your love or is controlling and caring about their every action love? Or is a loved one simply a habit who you take for granted? Mangalashtak Once More delves into this aspect with fun, emotion and sensitivity Doug (Douglas Rouillard) grew up thinking anything's possible if you want it bad enough. However, his dreams always seem to be just out of reach. Fresh out of college, with no real solid job, Doug moves to Hollywood to give acting a try. This hilarious film shows just how frustrating "making it" can be. What the film does not show you is, it's damn near impossible. Years of countless auditions and dead end jobs, not to mention meeting / losing the love of his life, Doug has just about given up when he has one last idea. With nothing to lose he decides to roll the dice. The only question is, will it work? - Written by: Douglas Rouillard - Produced by: DR Productions www.anythingspossiblethemovie.com www.drproductions.org The lives of two Hong Kong room-mates with an ice cream truck change when an attractive cousin from Taiwan moves in.  Cho is a slacker who spends his day selling ice cream with his best friend/roommate Beer. Even though his ice cream truck business is failing, he still has a roof over his head because his apartment belongs to his uncle. When his cousin Tina decides to return to Hong Kong, Cho and Beer are forced to share their home with her, creating an antagonistic relationship between the three. However, Cho and Tina begin to bond over time, though they won't admit to having feelings for each other. When Tina's charismatic boss Machi enters the picture, Cho realizes that he may already be too late. Ashok and Geetha fall in love and vow to get back together as adults when their parents force them apart. Years later, Ashok becomes engaged to Charu and the wedding plans go smoothly until Geetha suddenly returns to Ashok's life. Dudu is a shy boy who, in his senior year of high school, is still a virgin. This situation makes him the constant target of jokes from his inseparable friends. One day, at the end of the school year, he is invited by the gorgeous Professor Deborah to take extra lessons at her house. The situation soon causes Dudu and his friends to believe that she is flirting on the boy, who cares more than never about his sexual inexperience. A few summer days in the life of Madrilean photographer who is not doing so well lately. He is house-sitting for someone who is out of the country and decides to pass himself off as the owner of the house as a way to seduce female tourists. Once upon a time in North India, two killers - Dev and Tutu - roamed free. Abandoned when young and vulnerable, Bhaiyaji gave them shelter and... nurtured them to kill! All is normal in their lives until destiny throws free-spirited Disha into the mix. What follows is a game of defiance, deception and love. Raghu Viswanathan (Prasanna) and Meera Chandrasekaran (Lekha Washington) are both engineers belonging to typical Brahmin families.  Too busy with their respective careers, they decide to outsource the job of finding their life partners to their parents.  After carefully scrutinising the various matrimonial websites and taking into account the job profile, annual salary and family background, Meera's parents zero in on Raghu.  After the traditional 'bride seeing' ceremony, the families believe that Raghu and Meera would make an ideal match, and the couple gets engaged.  The wedding is eight months away and the beautiful period of courtship begins. High End Yaariyaan is a tale of 3 friends Ranjit Bawa, Jassie Gill, and Ninja who lives abroad. The story narrates how their friendship has evolved over a period of time and the struggles they each go through while living away from their homeland. After learning she only has three months to live, Morgan flips her conservative protected life upside down. That is where she meets Jordan, a purse snatching cross dresser artist, who takes her on adventure of a lifetime. It's a story about a woman who must figure out how to get out of an abusive relationship without losing her life. One evening, Hammer gives a ride to Christina, an attractive hitchhiker on a lonely country road, who has escaped from the nearby lunatic asylum. Thugs waylay them and force his car to crash. When Hammer returns to semi-consciousness, he hears Christina being tortured until she dies. Hammer, both for vengeance and in hopes that "something big" is behind it all, decides to pursue the case. The inspiring true story of Seretse Khama, the King of Bechuanaland (modern Botswana), and Ruth Williams, the London office worker he married in 1948 in the face of fierce opposition from their families and the British and South African governments. Seretse and Ruth defied family, Apartheid and empire - their love triumphed over every obstacle flung in their path and in so doing they transformed their nation and inspired the world. A private eye investigates the apparent suicide of a fading porn star in 1970s Los Angeles and uncovers a conspiracy. Alex, a fencing champion turned coach, falls in love with his first student, Anda. Mircea, Anda's lover, who is also a fencer at the same club, witnesses the bond between them growing Jorge is about to meet the man who will be his husband. But with so many guys to choose from, how will he know which one is his perfect match, and which ones are just practice? Meet Jorge in the fast-paced independent comedy with a huge heart. In 2257, a taxi driver is unintentionally given the task of saving a young girl who is part of the key that will ensure the survival of humanity. A young man in a personal tailspin flees the US to Italy, where he sparks up a romance with a woman harboring a dark, primordial secret. The film has two story-lines or "realities". The main characters are lovers, Maria and Vasin who discover they have access to an alternate reality wherein missed opportunities have become realities.  In the film's first act, subtitled "The Pilot", Maria finds that she is in love with Vasin again after rejecting his marriage proposal twenty years earlier, when he was a lieutenant in the Russian Air Force. Vasin also lives a life of regrets, and wishes he was able to pursue his unfulfilled dream of becoming a film director.  In the second act, "A Film Director", Maria is transported into a different reality. In this reality, she marries Vasin, and he becomes a film director. The plot questions whether they are truly happy with each other, despite having their wishes granted. The real-life story of Zeneida, a girl who moves to a farm with her mother and finds herself having an unusual connection with a forest spirit. Mitsuki (Tenka Hashimoto) and Yuya (Yukichi Kobayashi) become stepsister and stepbrother because of their parents' marriage. Mitsuki can't get along with her new family and Yuya doesn't know how to approach his new stepsister. One day, Mitsuki becomes possessed by the spirit of Hiyori (Mayu).  Hiyori likes Yuya and believes Yuya can help her get to heaven. Hiyori places a leather chastity belt upon on Mitsuki and a plan takes place to help send Hiyori to heaven. Set after the events of Continental Drift, Scrat's epic pursuit of his elusive acorn catapults him outside of Earth, where he accidentally sets off a series of cosmic events that transform and threaten the planet. To save themselves from peril, Manny, Sid, Diego, and the rest of the herd leave their home and embark on a quest full of thrills and spills, highs and lows, laughter and adventure while traveling to exotic new lands and encountering a host of colorful new characters. A Kabaddi player rescues a young woman from an unwanted marriage and hides her in his home. A young, modern single woman enters the world of online dating looking for an instant soul mate. On the one hand, Thomass, a young French student, is trying to figure out how to fix all of his life daily problems, and to seduce a girl named Elie. On the other hand, Ethan, a young French troublemaker, is trying to spice up his life as much as possible. Samba migrated to France 10 years ago from Senegal, and has since been plugging away at various lowly jobs. Alice is a senior executive who has recently undergone a burnout. Both struggle to get out of their dead-end lives. Samba's willing to do whatever it takes to get working papers, while Alice tries to get her life back on track until fate draws them together. Based on a What if? dialectic, women are taking the role and position of men in the society. We see the stories of some couples with the woman being patriarchal and in control. Under the new fictional situation, a lot is revealed about relationships. A carefree young man leading an aimless life falls in love with a cultured and simple woman, but she does not reciprocate his emotion. However, when circumstances force her to marry him, he embarks upon a journey to make his wife fall in love with him. Will he succeed in his mission? Bollywood 2013 Radmilo lawyer who spent years in love with Ljiljana. Although the most eligible bachelor in Palanka, his small town. He refused all offers of marriage, and wants to marry Ljiljana, who plans to marry Momchila. The film follows two brothers (Veerasimhan and Sasankan) who fight over ruling their father's kingdom and marrying the village dancer, Chandralekha. Michael plans a surprise marriage proposal for his girlfriend Kelly on her 30th birthday, but soon discovers that Kelly also has a shocking surprise for him that's going to turn his world upside down. Will Michael's surprise finally give Kelly what she wants or be the catalyst that destroys their relationship? The death of my seven-year-old brother when I was nine remains a painful and haunting memory. My parents did not know how to cope with the loss of their child and the entire family experienced indescribable pain. Phantom Limb uses this personal story as a point of departure. Whether it is a loss through death or divorce, the stages of grieving are the same. Individuals often go through denial, anger, bargaining, depression and, ultimately, some kind of acceptance, in order to heal. The film is loosely structured according to these stages. Interspersed throughout this poetic documentary are interviews with a cemetery owner, a phantom limb patient and an author of a book about evidence for life after death. Phantom Limb reminds viewers that while grief is painful and isolating, it is a reminder to each of us that life is impermanent. - Jay Rosenblatt Environmental activist Jeff Shepherd, a free-loving, tree-hugging hippie mysteriously disappears when he is mistakenly targeted by otherworldly visitors instead of super government agent Adam Goodchild who is late for the most important mission in history. Toru is a graduate student who runs a bar in Shinjuku Ni-chome, one of the biggest gay districts in the world. One day, he meets a Korean man named Yong and falls in love... Aesthetic is a deep look into why people think something isn't the same as everything else. Medieval erotic comedy in which a young man, played by Manolo Otero, comes to a town where he pretends to be tooth-puller and physician. This man is able to invent any potion to quench the sexual thirst of locals.  This short film illustrates some of the perceived problems a supervisor might face working with women, but ultimately demonstrates where the real problem lies. After a road trip gone wrong, two lovers live life in opposite extremes, leading them into separate lives of flight and fancy that hinge on that one moment in time.  Gabriel can't resist a beautiful woman. But his womanizing attitude is taking a toll on his career and social life. He decides to hire a life coach to help him. Two women searching for spiritual healing in the world of Venezuelan warlocks, shamans and soothsayers. Lots of black magic and even black humour An Indonesian love story of a young couple separated by indigenous traditions, the culture Minangkabau, Padang and Culture Bugis, Makassar in questions of wealth and social status to end in death. Based on a Bestseller Tenggelamnya Kapal Van Der Wijck By Prof. Dr. Hamka, 1939. The true story novel criticizes some native traditions that are not in accordance of the basic vogue nor the right state of mind. When Claire returns from Burkina Faso, she has changed completely. Her friends hardly recognize her. Cheryl finds out that her husband Martin is cheating on her. Again. She wants to divorce him. Anouk is also unlucky in love. She develops an eating disorder. Roelien accepts Evert's marriage proposal. The friends find themselves in the snowy mountains in Austria, due to a bizarre and disastrous accident. After the death of a friend, a writer recounts a boyhood journey to find the body of a missing boy.  Kiymet and Kadir are a couple in their mid-thirties, having problems with relationship. They decide to fix those by getting a cat. When his wife dies during childbirth, a man takes up her favorite sport, tennis, in an effort to hold onto her memory. He focuses on winning tournaments and neglects his newborn daughter. A family tug-of-war begins for control of his baby. The intertwined love story of four young people on Christmas night. A young man and his lookalike team up to fight injustice and settle their personal scores with the evildoers. Jatin, Harry and Rohan head to Manali for one last trip before Jatin gets married. In Manali, the group of friends meet Natasha and are set forward on a journey of rediscovery.  Young lovers defy their families, which are at odds with each other, and get married and migrate to the city. With no jobs and no one to support them, will there be a happily ever after? JK Enum Nanbanin Vaazhkai is an upcoming Tamil film written and directed by Cheran. Shin and Sara have been engaged for two years. They once had an argument and agree to have fun individually. Sara's best friend Jeana who always has a soft spot on Shin, she then tried every means to seduce him. In the meanwhile, Jeana's boyfriend Jacky is also getting close with Jolie who's fun and wild.  Lan Kwai Fong is as bustling as usual this weekend. The girls are all gathered to rock the clubs. Since Sara met the Korean hot guy Kim, the relationship between all of them started to change... Kevin McCallister's parents have split up. Now living with his mom, he decides to spend Christmas with his dad at the mansion of his father's rich girlfriend, Natalie. Meanwhile robber Marv Merchants, one of the villains from the first two movies, partners up with a new criminal named Vera to hit Natalie's mansion. Gabby's picture perfect marriage to Elliott is jeopardized when she meets Matt, a handsome younger man who ignites a fire and desire within her. Based on the New York Times best-selling novel of the same name. Jealousy, envy, gossip, and greed are testing Zona's and Mane's perfect marriage. Set in Sri Lanka, where old colonial laws permit the imprisonment of gay and lesbian people, 'Frangipani' tells the story of two young men and one woman entangled in a lustful - and incredibly dangerous - love triangle. An unflinching look at the how the battle over abortion rights has played out in the United States over the last 15 years Into the world of the Emperor Penguins, who find their soul mates through song, a penguin is born who cannot sing. But he can tap dance something fierce! A Swiss-German-Yugoslavian production. Some may dream of, some may be afraid of, some may look forward to, and some may want to avoid THE NIGHT BEFORE MARRIAGE! 4 different couples disclose 4 different stories all about marriage. Gerardo was never detached from his mother. So when he presented his first girlfriend, the gorgeous model Ana Veronica, the mother will do everything possible to get rid of her. The most prominent heads of state in the world begin gathering for a conference that could have a major impact on global politics. When MI-7 receives word that the Chinese premier has become the target of some high-powered killers, it falls on Johnny English to save the day. Armed with the latest high-tech weaponry and gadgets that would make even James Bond jealous, the once-disgraced agent uncovers evidence of a massive conspiracy involving some of the world's most powerful organisations, and vows to redeem his tarnished reputation by stopping the killers before they can strike. The penniless tourist, "Appetite Andy" (Paul Parrott) stops by at the Hollywood Cafateria (sic) where the gullible boss (Mark Jones) welcomes him in to sample many of the soups and delicacies available to customers.  After savoring many of the dishes, Andy refuses them all and attempts to leave, never intending to pay.  The boss is having none of it and drags him back inside and puts him to work in the kitchen.  The head chef (Charles Stevenson) is chopping food when the order comes in for chicken to be prepared.  He instructs the new employee to grab a chicken (from a crate in the corner) and "prepare" it. Hola Venky is a romantic comedy that follows Venky's quirky and amusing journey from his groin to his heart. Venky is an Indian Techie - middle aged, divorced and confused, and his journey takes him all the way from Matunga in Mumbai to the Bay Area in San Francisco. Thrown into a "situation" where he loses 2% of his "god", Venky is forced to go on an introspective journey that leads him straight into the world of the Mexicans and Mariachi music. Along the way, he is forced to question certain stereotypical notions of 'machismo' that he has grown up on.  Hola Venky is a 88 minute indie film that has wowed the audience around the world by screening in alternative spaces under the concept of "The Great Indian Traveling Cinema". The director of the film literally traveled with the film to various alternative spaces with his Projector and screened the movie for his audience. The film is Sandeep Mohan's second feature film after his well-received debut film "Love, Wrinkle-free". After a man's family dies in what appears to be a murder, he gets a phone call from one of the dead, his niece. He's not sure if she's a ghost or if he's going mad - but as it turns out, he's not. Instead, her calls help him rewrite history. When Cupid strikes the very first time it sees no class or caste barrier. And though the path to reunite with a loved one seems arduous and almost impossible, it's this love which makes a person do good things. Love doesn't remain a Time Pass anymore. Gaby mustn't be left alone at night. Yet that's exactly what her boyfriend Vincent does, to test her love for him. She struggles against her natural instincts and quickly exhausts the patience of the local guys. But Gaby decides to turn to castle warden Nicolas, an expert in loneliness, for help.  On a rainy London night in 1946, novelist Maurice Bendrix has a chance meeting with Henry Miles, husband of his ex-mistress Sarah, who abruptly ended their affair two years before. Bendrix's obsession with Sarah is rekindled; he succumbs to his own jealousy and arranges to have her followed. The film is romance comedy about two best friends, Roshan Prince & Jassi Gill who got their hearts broken at the age of 13 in school and then vow to never fall in love again but instead make girls fall in love with them and break their hearts, however now 10 years later they both end up meeting the same girl Simran Kaur Mundi and compete to see who can make her fall in love with them, whoever gets her wins their game but instead both of them fall madly in love with her and then everything changes. When Chan comes to Vancouver to be with his wife, he finds her sleeping with a local cop, as well as discovering that the deed to his house has been sold. Devastated, he wanders the streets, and is eventually helped by a no-nonsense woman who is the sister of Chan's high-school friend. The two start an odd romance, which is periodically interrupted by the ghost of Chan's friend. Chris crashes into a carload of other young people, and the group of stranded motorists is soon lost in the woods of West Virginia, where they're hunted by three cannibalistic mountain men who are grossly disfigured by generations of inbreeding. Zander Raines, a dazzling and tempestuous young choreographer, gives the break of a lifetime to two hopeful artists when he casts a stunning contemporary dancer, Barlow, and innovative pianist, Charlie, in New York's most-anticipated new Broadway show: Free Dance. But the move throws off the show's delicate creative balance when Charlie falls hard for Barlow while Zander embraces her as his muse. Follows the lives of different couples in dealing with their love lives in various loosely interrelated tales all set during a frantic few days before Christmas in Frankfurt, Germany. It is a story of youths and their struggle against the time, seasons, hearts and feelings that are trying their best to not remain the same. Just because a journey leads you somewhere you didn't expect, doesn't mean you ended up in the wrong place. When Sebastian meets Andreas for the first time, he knows they belong together. While Sebastian defies gender norms -- flouting convention in his androgynous fluidity -- straight-identifying Andreas becomes unable to accept his attraction to another man, as their relationship progresses. Struggling with his identity, Sebastian becomes increasingly determined to become "Ellie," even if it means walking away from Andreas. Something Must Break brims with raw electricity as it explores questions of gender and sexuality with refreshing candor. John is a successful businessman, at least on the surface. He's really suffering from a deep depression after the death of his loved one. He decides to take his life but on the way he meets Alex, a young girl who decides to stop him. Three young men attempt to win the heart of a career-oriented woman by being the first to help her travel abroad. Heer and Hero is the story of three lovers with a girl. The girl is very career-oriented and tells these men that if one of them helps her to go to a foreign country for her dream project, she will choose him as her partner. The story goes on with the journey to reach the destination with these men. While Tom is out of town screening 'Sydney' at film festivals, the real Sydney decides to stay home and destroy the image Tom has of her. Determined to capture some truth or insight into his girlfriend Sydney, Tom decides to film her everyday life. Although Sydney goes along with this, thinking that it's an interesting exercise and mostly humoring Tom, the film screenings that come later start to cause problems between them. She Lives Her Life is a modern day retelling of Jean-Luc Godard's 1962 film Vivre Sa Vie. The movie is told in 12 chapters as we follow Betsy through a series of relationships and encounters, by day she works at a pawn shop, by night she lives her life.  Love is Now is the intriguing and mysterious drama chronicling a summer of love for experienced photographer Audrey (Van Der Boom) and aspiring snapper Dean (Farren). Propelled by new love and Audrey's free spirit, the couple embarks on a formative country adventure following the NSW Harvest Trail where they discover significantly more than they ever expected along the way. Peter Parker is an outcast high schooler abandoned by his parents as a boy, leaving him to be raised by his Uncle Ben and Aunt May. Like most teenagers, Peter is trying to figure out who he is and how he got to be the person he is today. As Peter discovers a mysterious briefcase that belonged to his father, he begins a quest to understand his parents' disappearance - leading him directly to Oscorp and the lab of Dr. Curt Connors, his father's former partner. As Spider-Man is set on a collision course with Connors' alter ego, The Lizard, Peter will make life-altering choices to use his powers and shape his destiny to become a hero. In a dystopian near future, single people, according to the laws of The City, are taken to The Hotel, where they are obliged to find a romantic partner in forty-five days or are transformed into beasts and sent off into The Woods. After moving to Palm Springs, a young married couple puts their love to the test when they discover that their neighbors are swingers. Karle Pyaar Karle is an adrenaline gushing, action packed, edgy love story of two rebels, Kabir &amp; Preet, playing the game of life. A mysterious illness declared as dumb flu spreads in a quaint hill station forcing the town's residents from speaking. Will the problems in the place increase due to this or will it lead to better communication? Director Franco Zeffirelli's beloved version of one of the most well-known love stories in the English language. Romeo Montague and Juliet Capulet fall in love against the wishes of their feuding families. Driven by their passion, the young lovers defy their destiny and elope, only to suffer the ultimate tragedy. Wei Tian, a teenage boy in junior college, prepares to leave Singapore and his childhood behind, as he accepts an offer to return to Australia for his studies. Salim Shaheen film from Afghanistan In every generation, a torch passes from father to son. And that timeless dynamic is the beating heart of Tommy's Honor - an intimate, powerfully moving tale of the real-life founders of the modern game of golf. While travelling through Hong Kong, Bob Mitchell accidentally stumbles into the middle of criminal negotiations between a mean gang, the Five Golden Dragons and the local mobsters. On the eve of his 25th birthday, the day he's set to receive money from his trust fund, Rocco (Xian Lim) parties, gets drunk and loses all his money on a poker match. His dilemma: He has to produce the amount, otherwise he will lose the client he needs to defeat his father's TV commercial production company.  Meanwhile, Rocky (Kim Chiu) also needs money to pay the rent, otherwise her family will be homeless.  There's only one way for Rocco to be able to get money from his trust fund: Fulfill the conditions set by his grandmother and that is to get married.  Rocky agrees to act as Rocco's pseudo wife in exchange for a "talent fee." They seal the deal.  As they live like a married couple, Rocco and Rocky face one problem after another, forcing them with no alternative but to reconcile their differences and work with each other. Complication arises when they start to feel for each other, with their bond getting closer. Helena, a young woman on a deep space mission, has been alone for 20 years. Her parents abandoned ship after a technical malfunction made it impossible for all three of them to reach their intended destination. Alex, an isolated engineer, is about to enter her life and turn her world upside down. The Great Depression hits home for nine year old Kit Kittredge when her dad loses his business and leaves to find work. Oscar nominee Abigail Breslin stars as Kit, leading a splendid cast in the first ever "American Girl" theatrical movie. In order to keep their home, Kit and her mother must take in boarders - paying house - guests who turn out to be full of fascinating stories. When mother's lockbox containing all their money is stolen, Kit's new hobo friend Will is the prime suspect. Kit refuses to believe that Will would steal, and her efforts to sniff out the real story get her and friends into big trouble. The police say the robbery was an inside job, committed by someone they know. So if it wasn't Will, then who did it. Maggie's plan to have a baby on her own is derailed when she falls in love with John, a married man, destroying his volatile marriage to the brilliant and impossible Georgette. But one daughter and three years later, Maggie is out of love and in a quandary: what do you do when you suspect your man and his ex wife are actually perfect for each other? Based on the hit Korean television series "I'm Sorry I Love You", Larry Yang's Chinese film remake "Sorry I Love You" displays the skills of an upcoming director and actors, including model Vivian Dawson stepping up to earnestly play the male leading character. With only six months to live, due to a bullet in his head which could not have been surgically taken out, Walker decided to leave Vancouver, where he grew up, and go back to China to look for his biological parents and twin sister(Jule). Walker knew that he probably did not have enough time to find any one of them, but everything changed when he ran into the girl(Encai) who he'd saved from a few street thugs several months back in Vancouver. When Walker finally found out the identity of his birth mother(Hui) and stood in front of her giant luxurious mansion, he suddenly felt that his whole life had been a punch line of a practical joke...... A Korean immigrant falls in love with her best friend while navigating her way through the challenges of living in a new country. Bhanumathi (Swathi) works in the sales department of an energy drinks company. She is in need of money and her lecherous boss (Harshavardhan) tries to take advantage of her position. Fed up with everything, Bhanumathi conspires with Vamsi (Navdeep), who works as a sound technician cum electrician in the mall, and plans the robbery of a truck containing some gold coins belonging to her company. As their plan unfolds, their fate becomes unexpectedly connected to the lives of a pizza delivery boy as well as a rich landlord from Bhimavaram. Can Bhanumathi and Vamsi pull off the heist? That is the story of 'Bangaru Kodipetta' As a privileged teenager living in an affluent suburb of Rio de Janeiro, Jean has little to worry about beyond games, grades and girls. But as his overbearing father drags the family into debt, Jean is forced into a change of lifestyle which opens his eyes to the world beyond his 'casa grande' - not least that of the feisty, mixed-race firecracker Luiza. Cultures, classes and generations collide in this engrossing coming-of-age drama from Brazil. The Wicked Queen is dead but her brother, Lord Maliss, seeks for revenge. Using the Magic Mirror to locate Snow White and the Prince, he transforms into a dragon and attacks. Maliss takes the Prince to the Realm of Doom. Snow White, with the aid of the Seven Dwarfesses, cousins of the Sevens Dwarves, must embark on a quest to save her true love. Born to rich parents, Majeed falls in love with his not-so-affluent neighbor Suhra. After her father's death, when Suhra struggles to make both ends meet, Majeed pleads with his father to sponsor her education. Refused, he wanders off to distant lands. The passionate love between a former boxer and a beautiful blind woman. David and Brenda are perfect for each other, and everyone knows it except David and Brenda. After a break-up, they each experience their own rough patch. For David, a self-destructive artistic endeavor and a relationship with an immature beauty--for Brenda, a failing acting career, an eviction notice, and a boyfriend who just doesn't do it for her. A chance encounter brings them together on the streets of New York at a particularly bad time. David invites Brenda to the opening of his first photography exhibit and the stage is set for a night of drinking and flirting which leads to an untraditional proposal of how they can be together without getting back together. A sharply observed, un-romantic comedy by writer/director Mel Rodriguez III, IN STEREO is a stylish and striking first feature that offers an unflinching look at the complexity of modern relationships. Now that we're all living longer and "40 is the new 30," why can't 60 be the new 40? That's what Louise and Frans think when they embark on bold new life adventures. Louise is a molecular biologist who decides to make a withdrawal from the sperm bank and have a baby. Meanwhile, gallery owner Frans decides to re-boot his career by finding the hottest new talent on the art scene. While attempting to recapture their lost youth and avoid total ridicule, Louise and Frans accidentally cross paths. Comedy star Lupino Lane is shipwrecked on a desert island. Tae-Il lives a fast life as low level thug. He then learns that he has a terminal illness and not much time left to live. Then, for the first time in his life, he falls in love. Jade, 20 years old, hangs with a vampy schadenfreude and is met with startling intimacy and a tragic discovery in which she'll have to do the only thing she's been afraid of: grow up. A young seminary student seeking self-knowledge inadvertently finds himself attending a sex addiction support group. It is there that he meets Hilary, an unhappy young mother taken to meeting strangers via Craigslist. Over the course of the afternoon, the two develop an affectionate yet complex relationship, helping each other wade through their mutual storm of love, sex, religion and the weight of the past. Hamari Adhuri Kahani (English: Our Incomplete Story) is a 2015 Indian romantic drama directed by Mohit Suri and produced by Mahesh Bhatt under the banner Vishesh Films and Fox Star Studios. The film stars Emraan Hashmi, Vidya Balan, and Rajkummar Rao. It is based on the love story of Bhatt's parents, Nanabhai Bhatt, Shirin Mohammad Ali and his stepmother. A middle-class corporate couple doesn't worry about money and living expenses until the recession drains their finances. Zoe has suffered with Leukemia her whole life. When her condition worsens, she's given months to live. One day, a Young Astronaut crash lands near her home. Zoe spends her last days showing the Astronaut the wonders of Planet Earth. A teenaged boy transforms from a 'fashion terrorist' to a 'fashion king' in order to win the heart of the prettiest girl in school. The story is about high school boy Ki-myung, who has a crush on the prettiest girl in his class and opens his eyes to fashion in order to become the best dressed person in the world. Cal Weaver is living the American dream. He has a good job, a beautiful house, great children and a beautiful wife, named Emily. Cal's seemingly perfect life unravels, however, when he learns that Emily has been unfaithful and wants a divorce. Over 40 and suddenly single, Cal is adrift in the fickle world of dating. Enter, Jacob Palmer, a self-styled player who takes Cal under his wing and teaches him how to be a hit with the ladies. Clement, a young philosophy teacher, is sent to Arras for a year. He meets Jennifer, a pretty hair stylist, and the two freely share their hearts and bodies as they try to overcome the cultural and social divide between them.  Trapped near the summit of K2, the world's second-highest mountain, Annie Garrett radios to base camp for help. Brother Peter hears Annie's message and assembles a team to save her and her group before they succumb to K2's unforgiving elements. But, as Annie lays injured in an icy cavern, the rescuers face several terrifying events that could end the rescue attempt -- and their lives. Anabel Bolio is a beautiful and young workingwoman; Oskar Pratz is a brilliant and handsome entrepreneur. A spark of mutual attraction is inevitable and a torrid romance ensues. But what seams to be the prefect love story quickly decay and spiral downward into dangerous sexual games that lead to tragedy. A slim uneducated guy is pressured into an arranged marriage with an overweight college girl. The mismatched couple is challenged to compete in the annual wife-carrying race. Hurricane Bianca is a revenge comedy about a New York teacher who moves to a small town in Texas, gets fired for being gay, and returns disguised in drag to get revenge on the people who were nasty to him. SHE AND SHE tells stories about 4 young people who used to be best friends but also had some unimaginable secrets. In a series of accidents,everything changed in their lives. In the name of love,they did something over the line unintentionally.Blinded by love,they made the others step into dangerous unconsciously...They were so desperate to be loved by the others,but sometimes they forgot to love themselves.Love makes the beloved breathless...Then,someone died,someone was missing,someone was in trouble.Finally,they saved each others by understandings and forgiveness.It seemed everything was back to the right way,but in fact something even darker just started... When white settlers start to move in on their sacred grounds, a tribe of female Indians vow to do anything they can to stop them. A driven, overworked and sleep deprived TV News woman's life is derailed when she inherits a house and dog in a small quirky town. Jay is a former daytime TV star whose life has hit rock bottom until he meets his dream girl. Hannah is bright, beautiful and hates modern life. There's just one problem. How does Jay tell Hannah about the leaked sex tape which made him an internet sensation? A skeptical, small town doctor is forced to confront his personal demons in order to save the life of a teenage girl who has become possessed in his family's old house. Adam unexpectedly visits his family house at Christmas after a few years of working abroad. No family member knows about his secret plans and the real reasons of his visit. The storyline revolves around a group of schoolboys who suspect two of their number are in love with each other. They come up with ways to prove the secret love affair, but things get more complicated when a girl comes into play. Eddy and Stuart share two-thirds of a dormitory suite. Due to bureaucratic error, a woman named Alex is added to their room. At first, relations among the three are tense. Soon, however, Alex falls for Eddy, and Stuart lusts after Alex. It follows the story of two lonely teachers, a male (Song) and a female (Ann). They were assigned at the same rural school in the Chiang Mai area, but a year apart. The girl being assigned first, attempted to write her thoughts in a diary, being stuck out in boonies. One day she has to be transferred to another school and left the diary. The male teacher came by as a substitute and saw the diary, thus, falling in love with the unacquainted writer. He also wrote his thoughts in it. The guy also left and the lady returned and saw that there are added articles in the diary. She also fell in love with him but now having a hard time looking for the boy. Will the two ever meet? A Punjabi college student tries to regain his sense of purpose after disappointing his parents and losing the love of his life due to his carefree attitude. Oru Indian Pranayakatha is about the life of a young political leader and his association with a woman who comes unexpectedly into his life. A ferocious serial killer in a palace of students. One private detective from Valencia investigate to find him. Television scriptwriter Hung is the boyfriend of TV host Rose , a domineering woman who talks on the phone with somebody else while having sex with him.  Sean has a physique that gets him likened to Kung Fu Panda and the Hamburglar, and is generally a loser in the game of love. Then there's Shing, a lothario who attracts more than his fair share of women, but whose heart is set on an unattainable woman with a past in the form of nightclub hostess Miss Poon.  The three men meet at the funeral of Wong Chun-chun, a woman all of them have been involved with at different points in her life. Various assorted incidents lead to their becoming friends who can be called upon to help sort out each other's increasingly complex relationship woes. Fearing for his comatose girlfriend's life, Patrick creates a way to enter her world to bring her back to reality. A cross-generational look at how denizens of China's largest city deal with romance and commitment. An anthology feature film that will honestly explore the ups and downs and intricacies of love and romance within the L.G.B.T. community, a drama that will make you laugh, and a comedy that will bring tears to your eyes. It's a film that will prove no matter what community you belong to; life and love are always confusing. Casper (Gijs Blom) has never met his father and lives alone with his mother Marit (Birgit Schuurman). He likes to spend his free time playing the piano, so he is thrilled when he is chosen to become a pianist in a youth orchestra - and especially when he makes friends with Anouk (Susan Radder). She knows what Casper is going through when he learns that his mother is seriously ill: Marit has cancer. Scared of what might happen to her, Casper and his best friend Pim (Massimo Pesik) decide to find his father... Mike Leigh's much praised 2010 tragicomical drama. During a year, a very content couple approaching retirement are visited by friends and family less happy with their lives. Just when his time under house arrest is about to end, Scott Lang once again puts his freedom at risk to help Hope van Dyne and Dr. Hank Pym dive into the quantum realm and try to accomplish, against time and any chance of success, a very dangerous rescue mission. Jim Harvey is hired to guard a small wagon train as it makes its way west. The train is attacked by Indians and Harvey, hoping to persuade Aguila, the chief, to call off the attack due to Harvey's having saved his son's life, leaves the train to negotiate. He is captured and the rest of the train is wiped out except for two sisters. Escaping and showing up in town later, Harvey is nearly hanged as a deserter, but gets away. Eventually caught by the sheriff and his posse, they are attacked by Indians. This time the Indians are defeated and Aguila, captured and dying, reveals the identity of the white man who engineered the initial attack on the wagon train, just as the perpetrator rides up behind them. Dil Deewana depicts two love stories simultaneously. Suraj and Sri Lakshmi have been in love with each other for 5 years. But Suraj keeps postponing their marriage since he has some financial issues and this makes Sri Lakshmi part ways with him. The other story has Santosh, an aspiring filmmaker who falls in love with Divya, who is a costume designer, and even this couple part ways because of their differences. How will the two stories end? Will they end up overcoming their problems and be together in the end? Five years after an ominous unseen presence drives most of society to suicide, a survivor and her two children make a desperate bid to reach safety. The best women of British acting go to an audition for a dream role, primed to take on the role of a lifetime: that complex woman, the strong woman, a woman for today. In 1918, when New York City hired its first scientifically trained medical examiner Charles Norris. Over the course of a decade and a half, Norris and his extraordinarily driven and talented chief toxicologist, Alexander Gettler, would turn forensic chemistry into a formidable science, sending many a murderer to the electric chair and setting the standards that the rest of the country would ultimately adopt. A perpetually miserable man finds happiness when he starts dating a manic pixie dream girl, to the befuddlement of his cynical best friend. Claimed as a 'dependent' by his successful bread-winning girlfriend Alice, Cam struggles to prove himself as he stumbles through different jobs and life's obstacles in the hopes to live out his Hollywood dream and finally rise to the occasion. Recorded before 65,000 fans, World's On Fire is the debut live film documenting The Prodigy's Warrior's Dance festival from The National Bowl at Milton Keynes on July 24th, 2010. Two strangers participate in an experiment designed to make them fall in love by asking each another 36 increasingly personal questions. A typical Indian melodrama about misunderstanding and consequent suffering, Lajwanti looks at the misfortunes of a married woman and her daughter. The woman decides to have a friend of the family, an artist, paint her portrait as a gift to her husband. But her husband, in a rush to judgment, deduces that she is having an affair with the man and throws her and their daughter out of the house. As the years go by, the woman and daughter manage to survive and then the husband finally realizes what he has done. His attempts to win back his wife are all the more difficult because his daughter has very much turned against him. As in most Indian films, the action and melodrama are highlighted by multiple song and dance numbers. If you like your comedy served up raw, tasty and wicked-funny, D.L. Hughley is your kind of stand-up guy. One of the most popular comedians of film, TV and radio unleashes a hilarious display of stand-up comedy genius in this uncut Showtime special taped before a wildly enthusiastic live New Jersey audience. It's comedy that'll re-boot your entire sense of humor: D.L. HUGHLEY: RESET! Sebastian is an undisciplined mathematics genius who works in the "cipher bureau" of the British Intelligence. While cracking enemy codes, Sebastian finds time to romance co-worker Rebecca Howard. A romance blooms between a young Iranian working in a Teheran factory and the daughter of an Afghan worker. Following his release from a brutal stretch in prison for crimes he didn't commit, Mo is struggling to adapt to life on the outside. When his world collides with Doris, a mysterious woman with a violent past, he decides to risk his newfound freedom to keep her in his life. Pooja Mathew, a spirited young girl, wants to have a love marriage in her life. Thus, she stops at nothing to impress Giri, who saved her once from a group of unruly men. Following the death of their estranged father, Joni and Wes Carver travel to Arkansas to deal with their inheritance: a rundown house in a rural town, arriving just in time for Decoration Week-end - wherein former residents return to celebrate their ancestors. It is here, in a sea of strangers living and dead, that Joni and Wes finally find their place in the story of their own lives. When New Orleans Police Detective Danny Fisher stops a brilliant thief from getting away with a multimillion-dollar heist, the thief's girlfriend is accidentally killed. After escaping from prison, the criminal mastermind enacts his revenge, taunting Danny with 12 rounds of near-impossible puzzles and tasks that he must somehow complete to save the life of the woman he loves. A man just released from a mental institution gets involved in a gold mine scheme while trying to avoid the cops, a wrathful drug dealer, and a sultry femme fatale. Priyathama Neevachata Kusalama (Telugu: priytmaa niivctt kushlmaa, English: Darling, are you fine there) is a 2013 Telugu film directed by Trinadha Rao Nakkina starring Varun Sandesh, and Komal Jha in the Lead Roles. J. Samba Siva Rao produced this film and Sai Karthik provided the music. With their university graduation nearing, a group of young students grapple with the inevitable fact that they must now become young "adults". A small group of survivors are left behind after millions of people suddenly vanish during the rapture and the world is plunged into chaos and destruction. A technology-obsessed couple is forced to examine their relationship during a blackout When Greg meets Niamh, everything seems to be fantastic. She's exciting, fun, charming- everything Greg wishes he could be. But he hits a bump in the road when he realises that Niamh doesn't exist. Five young men convene on a mansion to meet the mysterious AMINA, who has lured them there to become her new consort in the immortal life of a vampire.  Womanizing workaholic Neil returns to Michigan to reunite with his brother after their father dies. As they try to sell the family home, their interactions are as chilly as the frost-covered February landscape. But Neil's facade thaws under the glow of his brother's charismatic fiancee. Chicago writer-director Patrick Underwood crafts a big-hearted romantic melodrama about rebuilding. A cunning and resourceful housewife vows revenge on her husband when he begins an affair with a wealthy romance novelist. Larry Burrows is unhappy and feels powerless over his life. He believes his entire life could have turned out differently had he not missed that shot in a baseball game when was a kid. One night he meets this mysterious man, who could change his fate by offering him that alternative life he always dreamed of. But as Burrows embarks on this journey of self discovery he realises that even this new life has its problems and drawbacks.. A middle-class family living in Calais deal with a series of setbacks while paying little attention to the grim conditions in the refugee camps within a few miles of their home. Adrien's life collapses when his wife and daughter die in a car accident. Unable to work, keeping away from his friends, Adrien will finally meet his brother he hasn't seen in years... His new found passion for astronomy - his wife's passion - puts him on the path to recovery... Pensioners, lawyers, married couples and teenagers are all customers at the Angel Love Hotel in Osaka Japan. With unprecedented access into one of the most private and anonymous spaces in Japanese society, this film follows the love hotel's struggling manager and staff as the try to keep their hotel running, as well as revealing the intimate and private lives of the customers who visit. Wan Zhen (Janine Chang) is an editor of a fashion magazine where she is competent that she can do her job successfully but was very clueless in real life. Since her boyfriend Hao Jie (Peter Ho) works from home, he looks after her so well that they adopted a golden retriever (Li La) which drastically changed Wan Zhen's life that she begins to woke up early and cook for Li La. Wan Zhen is soon promoted and begins to devote more to her work but as her career soars, her time become hectic. Will Wan Zhen choose the job she loves or Li La who has become family to her? When a young coffee shop owner is threatened with repossession she must take a chance with life and love as she fights to save her business. Sachiko Suzuki (Naoho Ichihashi) is a female high school student. She claims that she is an alien and her mission on Earth is to conceive a child with a human man. Sachicko seduces her class teacher Mr. Fukuda (Yukichi Kobayashi). After their intimate encounter, Mr. Fukuda becomes becomes convinced that Sachiko is not a human.  Meanwhile, female student Kobato Hagimoto (Yumi Ishikawa) knows that Mr. Murata (Toshiya Sakai) has a crush on some male students. Because of this, Mr. Murata is treated as a pig by Kobata until he can't bear the situation anymore. Woody has always been confident about his place in the world and that his priority is taking care of his kid, whether that's Andy or Bonnie. But when Bonnie adds a reluctant new toy called "Forky" to her room, a road trip adventure alongside old and new friends will show Woody how big the world can be for a toy. Filmmaker Robert Fenz returned to the locations of three classic films made by the pioneering American ethnographic filmmaker Robert Gardner. Dead Birds (1964) was filmed in West Papua, Rivers of Sand (1974) in Ethiopia and Forest of Bliss (1986) in Varanasi, India. Correspondence is an elegy for a kind of imagemaking that is in the process of disappearing.  Rulia, a local hood who finds Ishq-e-Khuda , after he is 'privileged' by the prayer of a Sufi Dervish. In a parallel unconnected arc Ashan Khan - playing Ahsan, an engineer from Karachi - falls for Iqra, while Kulsoom, Iqra's best childhood-bud, falls for Ahsan. A beautiful sexy DJ is forced to run when she stumbles on a stash of cash. Can she keep the money, conquer her demons, AND get the girl? In the glamorous world of New York City, Rebecca Bloomwood is a fun-loving girl who is really good at shopping-a little too good, perhaps. She dreams of working for her favorite fashion magazine, but can't quite get her foot in the door-until ironically, she snags a job as an advice columnist for a financial magazine published by the same company. Three friends comedically compete for the same woman. The Major, aided by three other military commandos, undertakes a mission to bring to justice an evil arms dealer and drugs smuggler. While recovering from a suicide attempt, Ben Layton accidentally falls in love with a girl who was very nearly, almost his sister - and then things start to get weird. Olaf is on a mission to harness the best holiday traditions for Anna, Elsa, and Kristoff. Street dancer Skyler comes out of the shadow of her trained dancer sister, Tosha, & joins a dance competition with the Honey dance studio; the prize is a college scholarship. A romantic drama which aims to allure the urban crowd, stars Nithiin Reddy and Adah Sharma. With a tagline `I need one hour kiss to burn 300 calories` - that suggests the film is high on romantic quotient Gerda meets Little Robber Girl in the Berlin subway. There's only ten, twelve hours until they'll part ways. The mutual interest turns into love affair and all that ends in the morning. But still there's a sea of the city to float by night. A couple of thirty-somethings struggling with life, marriage, work, a kid and a new bought house outside the city. Benny, a college freshman at the University of Akron, Ohio meets and falls for fellow freshman Christopher at a football game. With the support of their families and friends they embark on a new relationship. But a tragic event in the past involving their mothers soon comes to light and threatens to tear them apart. There is just one week until Kate Mercer's 45th wedding anniversary and the planning for the party is going well. But then a letter arrives for her husband. The body of his first love has been discovered, frozen and preserved in the icy glaciers of the Swiss Alps. By the time the party is upon them, five days later, there may not be a marriage left to celebrate. From Writer/Director Marina Rice Bader (Executive Producer Elena Undone, A Perfect Ending) comes this film within a film that explores love in all its painful and messy glory.  Six months ago Zoe and Mal fell for each other while filming a love scene, which led to an intense, whirlwind affair, followed by a devastating breakup. Soon after their split, things get complicated when the two have to meet on set once more to re-shoot that fateful sequence. Physical attractions appear to be the obvious explanation for two people to become a pair. But are they really the reflection of something sublime, everlasting or dare we say, spiritual? Do relationships start in the bedroom or in the heart? In this male love story, the bliss described by Joseph Campbell and sages throughout the millennia is a practical option for finding happiness. As the camera delves into the character's minds and actions we find fulfillment on both a physical and spiritual level. Dan signs on to travel with a mysterious stranger named Jane, laying cryptic tiles in the roads of cities across America. As they argue over what the tiles mean, they come to realize that it's up to each of us to answer the questions that haunt us. An animated, faux nature "documentary" following the modern mating rituals of the female nine-banded armadillo. The frankest of films from within a shelter for homeless women. Their stories usually combine domestic violence or acrimonious divorce, with mental fragility. Sonja is trying to make contact with her estranged children. Rula, is unsuccessfully trying to build a home with a new husband. This doc offers a unique window into their world. An evocative reminder of the fragility of human existence, and the value of a stable psyche. Three actors learn that their respective performances in the film "Home for Purim," a drama set in the mid-1940s American South, are generating award-season buzz. Forest City depends entirely on the Aikens Christmas decoration factory. Local economics graduate Judith 'Noelle' Dunn returned there to finish her thesis by analyzing the plant. A freak near-accident matches her with adventurous drifter Justin Allen, whom she gets a menial job in the factory. Alas the late founder discretely footed systematical losses. His haughty granddaughter Ashley Aikens arrives to check if the firm can be made profitable. Noelle is jealous when Ashley keeps contacting Justin, who swears only to have eyes for her. It turns out he is key to more secrets, but will they work for good or bad? Sanju (Sanjay Dutt) a con-man and petty thief, gets in the bad books of Jogia Seth (Paresh Rawal) and ends up owing him money, which he does not have. In order to get money, Sanju decides to pose as a member of the Shastri family, so that he can gain their confidence and help himself to their wealth. But fate has something else in store for Sanju. A beautiful woman and her boyfriend are trying to escape from sadistic serial killers. Gautham and Nithya become friends after their respective partners ditch them to get married. Friendship turns to love for Gautham but things turn complicated when Nithya gets engaged to Raja. She calls off the engagement but now, he is in a rebound relationship with Kavya. Will the two express their love for each other?  So Boring, a nobody who has no love from everyone except from childhood sweetheart Bobo, receives a weird text message one day, saying: Ever thought of deleting those you dislike? In the early years of the reign of Hassan II, Houcine, a fan of the new king, is the director of a popular orchestra and the proud father of Mimou. This is a very particular troupe, male musicians who are sometimes forced to pretend that they are blind in order to play at parties reserved for women in conservative Moroccan families. But then young Minou runs into Chama, the neighbor's new maid a film by Francis Posadas. A fledgling serial killer falls in love with a suicidal girl who, unbeknown to him, is only hanging around because she wants him to bump her off.  In the wastelands of post-apocalyptic England, two young brothers turn to cannibalism to survive, only to fall for their prey, a teenage girl... and possibly the last female left alive. While James More is held captive by terrorists in Somalia, thousands of miles away on the Greenland Sea, his lover Danny Flinders prepares to dive herself in a submersible into the deep bottom of the ocean, tormented by the memories of their brief encounter in France and her inability to know his whereabouts. Closing night at a rural bar gets complicated when a blizzard traps a motley crew of misfits overnight. In a small village in the hinterland, three stories of love and desire are changing the emotional landscape of its residents. Characters of a romanesque world in which their conceptions of life are limited on one side by human instincts, on the other by a blind and fatalist fate. In 1883, the Apache Indians lead by Geronimo reluctantly surrender to the attacks of American and Mexican troops, in exchange for a territory and food for their warriors. Soon though, Geronimo escapes the camps and declares war against the Americans. A boy's life is affected when his mother neglects him and shows all her affection to his elder brother.  Desika made his directorial debut with the film, after having apprenticed under Thambi Ramaiah, Sairamani and Sakthi Chidambaram for fifteen years. He approached real estate businessman Jaya Ilavarasan with the script and succeeded in convincing him to make his first film. The team began filming scenes across Chennai in September 2012 under the title of Vaalu. During production, the film faced a legal tussle over the title with the makers of the Silambarasan starrer Vaalu. The Producers Council concluded that Desika's team had not registered the title and subsequently the film used Rettai Vaalu instead.  The music for the film was composed by V. Selvaganesh and the lyrics were written by Vairamuthu. In June 2013, the team held an audio launch function where the first CD was released by Vairamuthu and received by producers R. B. Choudary and Keyar. Based on the comic by Masahiro Itosugi Based on the comic by Masahiro Itosugi A suspicious affair ruins an almost perfect marriage as husband and wife take a wild goose chase into the world of sex, lies and betrayal, risking everything in one of the craziest love triangles ever. Former prom king and college freshman Scott returns home for Thanksgiving break and gets dumped by his long-term girlfriend. With his world turned upside down, Scott strikes an unlikely friendship with former classmate Tori, an ugly duckling who blossomed in her first semester of college, and they embark on an outrageous adventure through their hometown. But when Scott and Tori start falling in love, they realize that a few months away may have changed them more than they realized. Two students from neighboring colleges in upstate New York are swept up in a tragic romantic interlude calling for a maturity of vision beyond their experience of capabilities. Pookie Adams - a kooky, lonely misfit with no family and no place to go, insists on calling all those who won't participate in her world, "weirdos," clings to a quiet studious Jerry, who has the ability to make a choice of living in Pookie's private little world or be accepted by the society that Pookie rejects. Unwittingly, it is through their awkward relationship that Pookie actually prepares Jerry for the world of "weirdos" that she doesn't fit into or wish to be apart of. A director changes the perception of love for a group of youngsters by narrating how he reclaimed his life because of his now-married lover and her understanding husband. Japan around 1860: popular courtesan Asagiri will be freed soon from her service, yet she cannot imagine any other existence. Until one day at a local festival, Asagiri meets the young artisan Hanjiro by chance - an encounter that changes her destiny. With a strong performance by leading actress Yumi ADACHI and exquisite camerawork and production design, A COURTESAN WITH FLOWERED SKIN succeeds in recalling the golden age of Japanese erotic film. Ayyappan Nair is very fond of elephants.His profession is being as a Elephant Care taker. His daughter is Karthika and wife madhavi.He takes a bank Loan to have an Elephant.But he didn't get an Elephant for that money.Finaly he gets a Elephant from a circus crew.He takes that Elephant home.He realizes that it's a Hindi Elephant and he learns hindi from Jayachandran.Jayachandran & Karthika fells into love. 'Beti and Amare' is a historical science-fiction film set in 1936 Ethiopia. Beti, a young Ethiopian girl has escaped Mussolini's troops and found refuge in the peaceful south of Ethiopia. As the Italians march ever closer Beti has to battle hunger, thirst, and the unwelcome sexual advances of the local militia. When the situation threatens to escalate towards the unthinkable, a spaceship cracks through the clouds... its cargo... love. Written by Roel Mondelaers and Hans Van Nuffel, Plan Bart is a romantic comedy about competing desires -- sacrificing one's childhood dreams for the responsibilities of adulthood, air guitar championships for diapers and bottles, 'having sex' with 'making love.' Psychiatrist Sam Foster has a new patient, Henry Letham, who claims to be suicidal. In trying to diagnose him, Sam visits Henry's prior therapist and also finds Henry's mother -- even though Henry has said that he murdered both of his parents. As reality starts to contradict fact, Sam spirals into an unstable mental state. Then he finds a clue as to how and when Henry may try to kill himself, and races to try to stop him. Maverick cop Orin Boyd always brings down the domestic terrorists he tracks, but he ruffles feathers with his unorthodox techniques -- and soon finds himself reassigned to the toughest district in Detroit. When he discovers a group of detectives secretly operating a drug ring, Boyd joins forces with an unlikely ally -- gangster Latrell Walker -- to bring down the rotten cops. Olivia, a fashion executive, and Jose, a photographer, gets together in Paris, having casual sex and talking a little about relationships. And, in some days, they meet again in another city. And another one. And another... Latitudes is a trip around the world, the love and the poem of living. A post-modern romantic comedy about luck and timing in relationships, missed opportunities, unrequited love and how the grass always appears to be greener on the other side. Dojo and May are a loving couple. Because Dojo has a brain tumor and needs 1 million baht for the operation, they decide to rob a money exchange store. Unluckily, the couple with 10 unfortunate patrons of the money exchange center are held hostages by 3 professional robbers on the same day. It is a robbery inside another robbery as well as some secrets among these people will be revealed. What could possibly happen when these people are trapped in the store with no way to escape? Two strangers, both at the end of their rope, suddenly meet in the middle of the unpredictable waters of Lake Michigan. Marcus is a successful advertising executive who woos and beds women almost at will. After a company merger he finds that his new boss, the ravishing Jacqueline, is treating him in exactly the same way. Completely traumatised by this, his work goes badly downhill. During an imaginary tour of David Bisbal, a young woman happens to take refuge in his caravan. That unexpected encounter brings about some emotional consequences that will mark the artist's life forever. Chi-yi is a veteran cop, who values his own safety more than anything else and is therefore infamous for his cowardice and poor efficiency at work. Yi-ping, on the other hand, is just graduated from the police academy and is more than ready to prove herself regardless of any risks. Daughter of the head of the National Policy Agency, Yi-ping is secretly kept away from danger by being appointed to team up with Chi-yi. Starting from a seemingly pointless case of a puppy's accidental death, from eating chocolate, the essentially incompatible pair unexpectedly digs up the clues to a series of mysterious deaths.  A police rom-com with fully-fledged fantasy is sure to blow your mind! Ally Craig has been fostering retired military dog, Sunshine, as she recovers from a broken engagement. But sparks fly again when Sunshine's military partner, Jake Terry, returns to claim the dog. Je-Chil is a lawyer that does well financially, but he has never dated a woman in his life. He can't even make eye contact with women. His severe shyness effects his job. In court, he can't make eye contact with women and becomes brain frozen. Because of this, he loses case after case. Je-Chil has held a secret crush on Soo-Hyun for over 10 years. Je-Chil's life then changes. On a rainy evening, Je-Chil finds a beautiful woman unconscious on the ground. He brings her home. This is the story of the night Matt and Dave met Amy and Syd. All feeling a bit fed up with their jobs and Los Angeles, luck would have it that they decide to go to the same bar on the same night. Thankful to meet anyone who isn't painfully self absorbed, the drinks pile up as the four twenty-somethings find unexpected friendships, and maybe something more Two young artists use love as a safety net against the fear and pain in their lives in order to propel them deeper into their art. The story of Chinese legendary anti-hero Zhong Kui, a young man endowed with mysterious powers who is forced into a battle among the realms of Heaven, Earth and Hell in the course of his attempt to save his countrymen and the woman he loves. Robert Morgan is the last man on earth, as far as he can tell. A plague killed everyone else on the planet several years ago. He was immune to it, and can only guess why. Vampires that were formerly human attack Morgan's home every night Every youth's imagination of love that relates the story of Adam & Eve, known since ages and shot very first time in the Hindi Language in India. Natures own creation Adam and Eve believed to be in heaven, were incited by a python to eat a fruit. Eve ate the fruit and then fed it to Adam. They were forbidden to have it and on eating it were exiled from Heaven. A painter, Karan, who is getting blur images of a girl is trying to produce it on canvas, he writes at the bottom of all the portraits 'Kahin Hai Mera Pyar' as a sign of his belief that his love exists somewhere! A businessman buys all portraits this provokes Karan's feeling and he opts to search for his love more vigorously as the story unfolds further. Do you play music during having sex? Do you remember the tunes? With the nerd-techno unit Mikeneko Homeless's music, this movie makes you laugh and cry, and give you an erection! Two dowdy men make music for their threesome sex with Kaguya, a girl from the moon. This is the real "Tale of Princess Kaguya", her crime and sex! In the worst serial killer crime spree in years, the 'Dragon' is hunting young Asian men as his victims. FBI Agent Robbie Taylor has been assigned to use his skills as a psychic to help solve the case and find out the identity of the madman. Los Angeles Police Officer Dave Harris, a rookie cop meets up with the FBI agent on one of the gruesome crime scenes. The two are immediately attracted to each other and begin a secret affair that keeps them sane in the middle of all the madness. As the corpses keep piling up, their passion and love grow. Will they outwit the Dragon? Or will he get away with murder? "Every man is surrounded by a neighborhood of voluntary spies."" - George Washington  Spying has always claimed the highest position in the hierarchy of human behavior. And thus it forms the crux of the film 'Nino Live'. Based in the modern age, the film shows how an entire life can go public in this era of wires and networks.  The film revolves around the journey of a child from adolescence to early manhood, all caught on celluloid. Charlie Kenton is a washed-up fighter who retired from the ring when robots took over the sport. After his robot is trashed, he reluctantly teams up with his estranged son to rebuild and train an unlikely contender. Documentary about two heroin addicts living in Moscow.  Isabel and Miguel meet for the first time in a driving lesson. They start hanging out and wind up spending the summer together. In autumn, he travels to visit his family, while she stays and takes care of his dog. When he returns the love for each other will be tested. Emma Woodhouse is a congenial young lady who delights in meddling in other people's affairs. She is perpetually trying to unite men and women who are utterly wrong for each other. Despite her interest in romance, Emma is clueless about her own feelings, and her relationship with gentle Mr. Knightly. A China-Taiwan cross-cultural rom-com with an excellent, unforced chemistry between its leads, Apolitical Romance follows Mainland girl (Huang Lu) as she visits Taiwan and gets involved with a local guy (Bryan Chang) who helps her track down her grandmother's first love from 60-odd years ago. En route to a camping trip, a newly married cop's family is caught in a gas station robbery, where the wife is seriously injured. Cal Weaver is living the American dream. He has a good job, a beautiful house, great children and a beautiful wife, named Emily. Cal's seemingly perfect life unravels, however, when he learns that Emily has been unfaithful and wants a divorce. Over 40 and suddenly single, Cal is adrift in the fickle world of dating. Enter, Jacob Palmer, a self-styled player who takes Cal under his wing and teaches him how to be a hit with the ladies. Estranged from his father, college student Jake is lured home to New York for Christmas with the promise of receiving a classic Porsche as a gift. When the bullying football team dumps him in the desert in a Santa suit, Jake is left without identification or money to help him make the journey. Meanwhile, his girlfriend, Allie, does not know where he is, and accepts a cross-country ride from Jake's rival, Eddie. Karthik is left heartbroken when his girlfriend, Subha, breaks up with him. Thankfully, his grief is short-lived as he chances upon Anusha, his student, who could be THE girl for him.  A hipster couple reunites in Vienna and travel to Morocco. After a one night stand Deb wakes up in the middle of a zombie apocalypse. The movie deals with the trials and tribulations of multiple disconnected characters trying to find meaning in the spiritual and super natural experiences they have. The intertwining story threads include a baker (Kunchako) going to meet his pregnant wife (Bhama), a moneylender (Manoj K Jayan) with an imaginary friend (Saiju Kurup), an atheist policeman (Kalabhavan Mani) who is unfaithful to his wife, an old man (Janardhanan) whose daughter (Anju Aravind) gets into a road accident, a photographer (Joy Mathew) and a college girl (Sarayu) trying to prank her room mates. The story follows a married couple, apart for a night while the husband takes a business trip with a colleague to whom he's attracted. While he's resisting temptation, his wife encounters her past love. It's graduation day at Huntington Hills High, and you know what that means - time to party. And not just any party, either. This one will be a night to remember, as the nerds become studs, the jocks are humiliated, and freshman crushes blossom into grown-up romance. 2016 marks the 500th anniversary of the death of Hieronymus Bosch. It is almost the only information about the artist of The Garden of Earthly Delights that we can put a precise date to. Bosch, the garden of dreams is a film about his most important painting and one of the most iconic paintings in the world: The Garden of Earthly Delights. About Hope, a young wife plagued with amnesia and Andrew, her duty obsessed husband who must help her fall in love with him all over as he comes to terms with his own destiny. Matt, a young glaciologist, soars across the vast, silent, icebound immensities of the South Pole as he recalls his love affair with Lisa. They meet at a mobbed rock concert in a vast music hall - London's Brixton Academy. They are in bed at night's end. Together, over a period of several months, they pursue a mutual sexual passion whose inevitable stages unfold in counterpoint to nine live-concert songs. A young woman is about to achieve her dreams, until everything is put into a halt when she is diagnosed of tuberculosis. The movie revolves around two common boys who travel from India to Thailand for success and money. How they cheat dons in Thailand and rob. The movie is a fast paced thriller showing the fun filled bromance between Rambo and Ranjha. It will surely take you on a thrill ride full of fun and joy. A doctor only has one chance to deliver bad news... or does he? When a sorority girl falls in love with a zombie, it's only a matter of time before a zombie apocalypse is unleashed on campus. The sorority girl discovers that weed is the cure. Now, she must smoke out the whole school before it's too late. Chronicles a single day in the summer of 1989 when the future president of the United States, Barack Obama, wooed his future First Lady on an epic first date across Chicago's South Side. My Life Partner deals with the deep and intricate emotional relationship between two men. The movie narrates the story of two friends-turned-lovers, Richard and Kiran, who were both born and brought up in different cultural backgrounds. Issues crop up when they plan to add a baby to their lives, reinforcing their mutual bond as the Indian law does not allow a man to adopt a child on his own. To find a way around this, Richard, who is a bisexual, marries an orphan, Pavithra. Their life goes topsy-turvy, when Pavithra discovers Richard and Kiran's relationship. A struggling writer meets death and falls in love. He must decide if his true love is in this world or the next, and if his dreams of success are worth dying for. A narrative feature film inspired by the events known as the Beltway sniper attacks. Three families compete for a camping spot during a busy Fourth of July holiday weekend. Film adaptation of the same-titled comic popular for its extraordinary premise. Up-and-coming Yoshida Kota, known for his humorous yet sensual style in films like Usotsuki Paradox, creates a unique coming-of-age drama about love between two girls, with elements of sports and perseverance sprinkled throughout.  The "Torture Club" is an official afterschool activity at the private school Saint Honesty Gakuen. Yuzuki (Kijima Noriko) has no idea about the club when she enrolls, and gets abducted by the club members and hauled off the clubroom. There, she finds out that upperclass student Aoi (Yoshizumi Haruna), her secret idol, is in the club, and decides to join, but... Struggling to rebuild their lives, a former tennis star and a recent divorcee decide to isolate themselves from the world in a quest for true "oneness"; as their affair descends into savagery, his father must fight to save them before they disappear completely into madness. Hollywood in my Huis is 'n coming-of-age romantic comedy set against the backdrop of 2004's matric dance in South Africa. The story focuses on an ordinary teenage girl - Jana van Tonder - who lives in an impoverished railway neighborhood with her dysfunctional parents. When she witnesses Charlize Theron's iconic Oscar win, Jana is inspired to transform her upcoming matric dance into her very own Hollywood Red Carpet mooment. Meanwhile, Jana's secret cursh, Brandon, the school's tennis champ, breaks off his relationship with Angelique, the school's most popular girl. But just as Jana needs to scrape together the courage to ask Brandon to the dance, her best friend and boy-next-door, Frikkie, reveals his true feelings for her. With the matric dance less than a month away, Jana has to make the difficult decision between her closest friend and her dream date. A documentary film by Robert Allen Schnitzer, documenting the 1969 occupation of Stony Brook University by Students for a Democratic Society - the largest anti-war student activist organisation in the US at the time. Preetham, a chef and a compulsive liar goes on a secretive, fun trip to Goa after getting engaged to his rich employer's only daughter. David's turning 50 and having a Mid-life Crisis! He isn't sure his "perfect husband" loves him, and if he's chosen the right career. Aging is something he never thought about, but now he is faced with making the rest of his life count and hopes his close friends can help. Realizing that he may only have about 35 years left, he must figure out his life to ensure happiness and fulfillment. Fate changes everything when he meets a 15-year younger man who shows him that age does not matter, and that maybe his future happiness is right in front of him. Film starring Tanushree Chatterji, Monalisa and Shahid Shams A twin takes her deceased sister's place as wife of the man they both love. Ariane, a young French violinist, accepts the marriage proposal of Christen, an irresistible conductor. Only problem: she's a little bit ... married! Separated for two years with Nino, an Italian teacher with a strong character, she manages to convince him to follow her to Paris to divorce in 8 days flat. But their trip in the city of love looks much more eventful than expected... Twenty-two year old David has it all - he's young, hot, and he's just got into the prestigious dance school of his dreams. But he has a secret: for two years he's been sleeping with his sister's husband, Jules. After an argument between the two lovers, David throws himself into a one-night stand with Sam, a casual encounter which fast becomes something much stronger. The tensions that arise when a newlywed has her new husband move into the home of her oppressive mother. After the events in the previous film, Secret Service agent Mike Banning finds himself framed for an assassination attempt on the President. Pursued by his own agency and the FBI, Banning races to clear his name and uncover the real terrorist threat which has set its sights on Air Force One. Amaia after breaking up with Rafa, falls in love with a Catalonian. Koldo, her father, goes to Sevilla to persuade Rafa to go to Catalonia and take Amaia's heart back. A Montreal taxi driver falls for a client with a mysterious past. BUSCHOW is the story about a relationship. It's an ideal relationship, that's shit. Two people in their mid-twenties are on vacation in a summer cottage in the woods. They don't understand each other's feelings, so they try to speak, about models of loving, about themselves, about love. Yet their different languages don't really allow them to meet, it's only through play that they can come together. Garden, house, and forest are the playground for their fairytale. Still reeling from a heartbreaking family event and his parents' subsequent divorce, Tyler Hawkins discovers a fresh lease on life when he meets Ally Craig, a gregarious beauty who witnessed her mother's death. But as the couple draws closer, the fallout from their separate tragedies jeopardizes their love. A drama shot in 5 hours and 17 minutes, exactly the time it takes to travel by rail from Malmo to Stockholm. It's mid-winter. On a train a man and a woman end up in the same compartment. They have a typical conversation between strangers until they discover they are going to the same wedding. It's unimportant whether they got an invitation or are going uninvited. The important thing is that both have plenty of reasons to stop the wedding... It soon turns out that they share not only the same goal but also painful memories and romantic disappointments. This brings them closer together. Mizuho recently took over an eatery in Nago, Okinawa, which was left to her by her grandmother. She single-handedly runs "Gajimaru Diner" named after the large, deeply-rooted Gajimaru (banyan) tree in the area. Eventually, circumstances lead to her being brought together with an unknown traveler names Hayato, her ex-boyfriend Shota who had lived in Tokyo for the past seven years, and a beautiful woman named Riko. A perfect typical LA couple find their happily-ever-after life broken when Zach confronts his long-repressed attraction for other men. In 1942, an intelligence officer in North Africa encounters a female French Resistance fighter on a deadly mission behind enemy lines. When they reunite in London, their relationship is tested by the pressures of war. A young woman takes a job as a personal maid for a rich young man. The pair do not get along, but soon due to their classmates' games of love, their relationship grows more complicated than before. Australian experimental, observational comedy about young people in Sydney struggling to get ahead in love and their careers. Late sixteenth century. A Tameme Indian man and a noble Spanish woman flee through the forests of the New World in search of freedom. Their frantic journey softens the tension between them and dissolves their longstanding differences and creates intimate bonds that threaten their very survival.  Class 12 students Jeeva and Karthika are in love but her parents are against their romance. Jeeva's aggressive streak only complicates matters. Will there be a happy ending for these youngsters? An accident in Malta leaves ghostwriter Alice with memory loss. Suffering from writer's block, she returns to the island to recover when she meets the sensual Sara. As they bond, a shady stranger begins to taint the stay with mystery. One day, you fell from the sky.  I never knew loving somebody could bring so much happiness.  I see the world differently because of you.  I am a different person because you live in my heart. Pierre and Manon are poor. They make documentaries with nothing and they live by doing odd jobs.  Pierre meets a young intern, Elisabeth, and she becomes his mistress. But Pierre will not leave Manon for Elisabeth; he wants to keep both. The romantic and coming-of-age misadventures of a 13-year-old American living in Germany. Parankimala is a 2014 Malayalam film directed by Sennan Pallassery. The film features Beyon and Vinutha Lal in the lead roles. The film was produced by Vijin and Thomas Kokkat. The film is based on a novel by Kakkanadan by the same name and is a remake of the film by the same name in 1981 which was directed by Bharathan.  It focuses on the life of Thanka, played by Vinutha Lal, who sacrifices her life for her lover. In the 1981 movie, the role was played by Soorya. Biyon is the male lead in the film. Jagadeesh, Indrans and Kalabhavan Mani plays supporting roles in the movie. One single thread weaves the story of the past and present lives of two people. Two people born on the opposite sides of the world, destined to meet, and realize karmic conditions and their consequences. On the surface, it is a typical boy-meets-girl theme, but only on the surface. Due to financial needs, undergraduate Tiffany took up compensated dating, regarding it as a personal choice that has nothing to do with ethics. Though at first, she's feeling a bit uneasy, but soon she became indifferent. After one unpleasant experience serving a group of Japanese clients, she wanted to quit. But her agent Hazelnut convinced her to take up a long term sponsor Cheung. In the course of serving Cheung, a subtle feeling nourished between the two. On the other hand, she came across Rex, a young guy of integrity and passion. After one incident, she decided to quit Cheung and took up a new life with Rex. But just when she thought she could start over anew, something unexpected turned up making her realized that she had to pay for what she had chosen before... A sweet-natured charity worker finds his life turned upside down, when he falls in love with a mysterious woman. In Marseilles (France), skilled pizza delivery boy Daniel who drives a scooter finally has his dreams come true. He gets a taxi license. Caught by the police for a huge speed infraction, he will help Emilien, a loser inspector who can't drive, on the track of German bank robbers, so he doesn't lose his license and his dream job. Another first for South Africa's fast growing film industry - A multiple story line ensemble romantic comedy capturing the essence of what love looks like in all it's different shapes and sizes. Mooirivier is a film about relationships, about how we can't live without them, about how love always wins, even if it doesn't look, or turn out, the way you thought it would.  Romantic intrigue and hilarity ensues as six friends take their annual trip to their summer cabin. Three brothers are confronted with an imposing father who avail them the heritage, identity and emotional intelligence: seven weeks is the deadline for each of them find the respect and love of a woman. Allen and his friends find new light in their music career when a company is interested to help his band release an EP. Allen also falls in love with Yujie, and meets his old lover somewhere down the road. Then, Yi Le (Allen's friend) has a love interest towards Yujie. A fun roller coaster ride about three young people, Aju, Divya and Kuttan who are cousins, reach Bangalore to dream, discover & explore! A brief encounter with a beautiful woman causes a middle-age man to question not only his love-less marriage, but the pre-defined life society expects of him. His search for fulfillment leads him into Chicago's exciting but often dangerous night life of dance clubs, known as 'Steppin' clubs. A drama teacher's taboo relationship with an unstable student strikes a nerve in her jealous classmate, sparking a vengeful chain of events within their suburban high school that draws parallels to 'The Crucible'. Based on the life and hardships faced by a journalist JD. He faced rape charges from his fellow journalist. Film also shows how politician use media for their own benefit. In the 1970s, a young Australian boy, Timothy, finds himself confused. He falls for the captain of the football team. What follows shows all aspects of a relationship, regardless of gender or sexual preference. Conflict, temptation, and a huge burden which will affect every aspect of their lives. Three stories from three porches reveal a neighborhood in transition. Ring Master follows the relation between a canine film star and its trainer. Aimo and Milla are living together at Milla's alcoholics-turned-zombies parents' place. They save money to move out of the house. Due to his lack of self confidence, Aimo wastes their savings to turbo-boost his muscles. As conventional body building is not quite satisfactory, Aimo tunes himself up into a robot. Milla doesn't like the new Aimo-Robot and leaves him. Aimo's heartache leads him to extreme measures as he also changes his heart into a metal one, one that doesn't hurt. Milla decides to steal Aimo heart: after all, a woman needs to have a man's heart. Lovemilla is an anarchistic comedy trip, a comedy about love, a story about love, robots and bodybuilding. A former college student writes essays for cash until a client becomes her lover. A film about the power and the beauty of architecture and about a middle-aged Nordic architect who, after loosing all in his life, wants once again to be a real architect and begins to create a Dream House for rest of the life, but not only for himself but also for a German woman whom he has met only once in his life, 50 years ago in their childhood. Rex is a loner, and when he's told he doesn't have long to live, he embarks on an epic drive through the Australian outback from Broken Hill to Darwin to die on his own terms; but his journey reveals to him that before you can end your life, you have to live it, and to live it, you've got to share it. When high-brow author PC Molloy is forced to write for April Devereaux's gossip magazine Poison Pen, he is not only caught up in a world of stars and their secrets he is also in danger of becoming a celebrity himself. Soon the spotlight is turning on Molloy and he struggles to keep his own secrets off the front page. But when he finds himself falling for his boss will he be able to find the right words? Gopi, a photographer, and Azhagu, his assistant, get stuck in Mundasupatti, a village where having photographs taken is bad omen. And, Gopi falls for Kalaivani, the village headman's daughter who is about to get married. School... there is the popular crowd. Teachers favor some students over others. Because of this, Violet decides to start a school paper, which exposes many embarrassing secrets of popular kids who think they run the campus. Katya and her fiance Andrey - successful young banker fly to Malta on holiday.  At the diving center they accidentally meet Max - professional diver, secretly engaged in black archaeology and Katya's ex boyfriend so the adventures start... A young married woman from Montreal's Orthodox Jewish community finds freedom from the strictures of her faith through her relationship with a young man who is mourning the death of his estranged father. She could do the responsible thing. Or she could go to Ibiza with her best friends to chase down a hot DJ. Easy choice. London Bridge, London, England, 1888: Jack the Ripper dies in the Thames river. London Bridge, Lake Havasu, Arizona, 1985: the last original stone used to rebuild London Bridge is laid and all the city is happy...but then some strange murders start happening. Policeman Don Gregory has some suspects, but when he develops a theory that Jack the Ripper has been resurrected, no one believes him. Vicky Venkatesh ( Puneeth Rajkumar) is an adventure enthusiast based in New York. He's tried everything from sky diving to rock climbing. Pramila (Erica Fernandes) comes to New York in ... Valeria has just moved to Madrid after her parent's separation. What at first seems a bad start for her new life becomes the beginning of an amazing life experience. New friendships, a city full of possibilities, first love... Global disasters begin to occur after archaeologists unearth a 2,000-year-old astrology artifact. A rogue scientist is the key to deciphering the artifact to avert the end of the world. When linguistics professor Henry Higgins boasts that he can pass off Cockney flower girl Eliza Doolittle as a princess with only six months' training, Colonel George Pickering takes him up on the bet. Eliza moves into Higgins's home and begins her rigorous training after the professor comes to a financial agreement with her dustman father, Alfred. But the plucky young woman is not the only one undergoing a transformation. A fragile young artist (LILY), fresh out of University, meets an attractive young man in a club (FINN). Lily invites Finn to come and stay with her at her house while her parents vacation in Italy for the summer. When Lily's jealous younger brother (JAMIE) finds out that Finn is not who he claims to be, Jamie decides to play a sinister game to get rid of him. A smart high school student falls in love with her English teacher after she receives one-on-one tutoring from him. Laura Randolph is on a quest to find her true love: Dracula.  The product of an abusive father, Laura spurns mortal men,  desiring a darker, more sophisticated undead tryst.  A Little Bit Of BLOOD Creates Eternal LOVE. The World Title is the ultimate prize for Bobby Stevens. Getting to the final was his big chance but for some reason he froze against Ray Carter and the match was almost a whitewash as Bobby could not pot another ball! A few years later he's performing trick-shots wearing a mask in small clubs and trying to move on but whatever stopped him potting in the final before has resurfaced. Through his struggles, he meets a young girl and her mother who help him tread the right path. Does this lead to victory in the Jimmy White Invitational Tournament? Will he also find love along the way? "Catch Me" is about Lee Ho-tae (Joo Won) who meets the first love of his dreams, Yoon Jin-sook (Kim Ah-joong) for the first time in ten years but is shocked to find out she's a hit-and-runner. A man returns to his hometown and resumes a dangerous old affair... This thrilling documentary compiles many of the greatest moments in the history of the Subway Series, with appearances by baseball legends Don Larsen, Cookie Lavagetto and Bobby Thomson. From 1947 to 1957, Major League Baseball's World Series featured at least one New York team -- the Yankees, the Giants or the Dodgers -- every year, with seven of the 11 Fall Classics featuring two NYC teams vying for the title. The Plan Man is about a man who lives everything according to plan until he meets a woman who wasn't a part of it. No overview found. After doing 13 years in prison for the murder of his wife, mechanic Harry Graham is out on parole and looking to rebuild his life in a small seaside community. He settles into a trailer park and finds both a job and a girlfriend. But things get difficult for Harry when his estranged son, Jimmy, shows up. He witnessed his mother's murder as a child and, after years spent in foster homes, has come looking for revenge. A couple with sexual fetishes find themselves kidnapped by a pair of dimwitted gangsters. In this sparkling romance, Ruby, a Chinese American toy designer from LA, visits Hong Kong for the first time on business. Finding herself stranded, she meets Josh, an American expat who shows her the city. With his marriage to Audrey almost at an end, Ben begins a torrid affair with Mercedes, a young French student in his writing class. The affair soon spins out of control, their emotions and Ben and Audrey's family hanging in the balance. Lucy, a privileged North American in contemporary Berlin, living a life of post Punk hedonism, roams the streets with her best friend, Derek. Together they use the city like a playground, a stage, and a never ending party. Into their lives enters Galia, a young Israeli woman carrying the promise of a better, cleaner way of living. A tribute to Punk underground films turns into a melodrama in "Saturn Returns", mirroring Lucy and Galia's modulating states of mind. Our and their look into each other's life and culture, becomes an investigation of empty facades. The film was constructed by both improvised and pre-scripted scenes, as required by the nature of each scene. It's a story about a woman who must figure out how to get out of an abusive relationship without losing her life. After his older brother passes away, Lee Chandler is forced to return home to care for his 16-year-old nephew. There he is compelled to deal with a tragic past that separated him from his family and the community where he was born and raised. Fran, the assistant to university professor Paddy, is about to turn 30. She is having an affair with a married minister's aide, Stephen. She returns home to the country town she grew up in and has a fling with an old flame, Alan. She also begins sleeping with Paddy. The film's story revolves around Asakusa-born-and-raised Gen, who helps out at his family's strip club. With his friends Makoto, Jimmy, and Mattsun, the four get into fights together, as well as help out with watching out for Gen's family. One night, Gen is told by his father to pick up a woman at the train station. There, he finds the beautiful Chocho (lit. butterfly), and falls in love with her at first sight. However, he finds out that she is the #1 strip girl in Osaka, and Gen gets eccentric when he finds out that she'll be living in "England Theater," the strip club his father runs. Etsinnassa (Searching for You) is a story about Joni, a young man in his twenties, who returns to his hometown for summer vacation from university. While on his vacation, Joni tries to find himself and happiness. On a night of April 1957, Albertine, a brillant and rebel 19-year-old girl, jumps from the wall of the prison where she's serving a sentence for a holdup. In her fall, a bone from her ankle breaks: the astragal. She is rescued by Julien, a justice fugitive, and so is born a burning passion between them. He takes her to Paris and hides her. But while he leads his gangster life here and there, the young woman struggles for her freedom and against the wounds inflicted by Julien's absence, and writes poetry. A twenty-something gal realizes that she picked the wrong guy in high school, and travels back to her small town to make things right. To her surprise, Bobby is engaged to a lovely gal, Blake. Determined to rekindle the old flame and hide the fact that her life is in shambles, Maddie announces that she's getting married too! Immediately all her friends, including Bobby and Blake, help her prepare for a wedding that will never be... The controversial true story of a gay activist who rejects his homosexuality and becomes a Christian pastor. Backstage at a Broadway show. Aspiring New York City artist, John Hollar returns to his Middle America hometown on the eve of his mother's brain surgery. Joined by his girlfriend, eight months pregnant with their first child, John is forced to navigate the crazy world he left behind. Tom is an American who moves to Tokyo on what he thinks is to be a temporary situation. He struggles to fit into the Japanese culture and hides behind the Internet. He meets Saki, a free-spirited Japanese woman who changes the way he views the world. A pair of broken-hearted people meet and begin a relationship, but their painful pasts hang over their romance. Set in uber cool South Mumbai, we follow the lives of DINOO (Armaan Jain) and KARISHMA (Deeksha Seth), their lifestyle and attitude... Young & restless who want to live life on their own terms! They are constantly frolicking around the city and painting the town red with their friends. When their exciting lives gets jolted with the pressure Karishma's family is piling on to getting her hitched, she and her rebellious best friend, Dino, realize that its THEY who are in fact 'made for each other'. Being the rulers of their destiny, they elope to forge a lifetime of love, fun and freedom. But they are yet to learn that life isn't that simple. And sometimes who you love the most... can become the biggest problem. LHDD follows a year in the young and passionate lives of Dino and Karishma who go through friendship, disillusionment, shame, conflict and heartbreak until they realize true love. But they question is - will they make the same mistake...again??! When Martin and Suzanne drive into the big city for an abortion, fate conspires to strand them there for 24 hours. What began as an awkward errand, blossoms into a romantic adventure and two messed-up kids get a little closer to finding their way. Ellen Carson is a real estate agent who inadvertently cuts off a delivery truck driver while changing lanes on the freeway to hurry home. The truck driver turns out to be a disturbed man named Eddie Madden, who proceeds to chase after Ellen in an effort to run her off the road. Ellen in fear calls the 1-800 number on the back of his truck and lodges a complaint, which causes Eddie to lose his job, and he (being a grieving husband and father who earlier lost his family to a car accident) sets out to destroy Ellen's family and soon becomes fixated on Ellen and her teenage stepdaughter Cynthia and plots to have them as replacement family, by removing the head of the house, Ellen's husband and Cynthia's father Jim Carson. It tells the story of Beto, a well-respected man in his community, who married a former prostitute named Suzana. After their wedding, wanting to forget Suzana's past, they move to a small town in the country to rebuild their lives. Soon enough, however a number of events happen that bring Suzana's past to the surface to torment them, revealing many scars and wounds to be healed which drives Suzana back to the underworld of prostitution. Beto is required to seek to regain an injured person that is socially marked as unworthy of love. A rich brat (Alicia Silverstone) fakes her own kidnapping, but in the process ends up locked in the trunk of a car that gets stolen.  Maria is 30 years old, she is a peculiar person and has one goal: become a normal person. But first of all she must discover what is exactly this. Which kind of person is she? Is she a normal person? What does exactly means? That question goes deeper into her mind. After she lists every requirements, she proposes to reach them. In that journey she will find her brother's help, Alex, a 25 years old boy who is mentally challenged and achieves every list requirements. She meets Borja as well, a boy obsessed with diets and lose weight. They will make a curious pact: she helps him to live an active and healthy live, and he helps her to meet her goal: become a normal person. Told from the female perspective, the story of a couple trying to reclaim the life and love they once knew and pick up the pieces of a past that may be too far gone. Four married friends buy a condo to share as a bachelor pad, a place to bring their mistresses, until the wives and girlfriends bust the cheating spouses. A romantic comedy with action and suspense. Two sophisticated jewel thieves join forces to steal $30 million in uncut jewels. Despite a continuous exchange of quips they eventually become romantically involved. A teenage girl with nothing to lose joins a traveling magazine sales crew, and gets caught up in a whirlwind of hard partying, law bending and young love as she criss-crosses the Midwest with a band of misfits. Canadian folk artist Maud Lewis falls in love with a fishmonger while working for him as a live-in housekeeper. Cosmo (Reese Scholtz), a South African pianist falls in love with Sakeena (Reena Anjali), a British Muslim ballerina, who is being forced into an arranged marriage by her abusive radicalized Uncle Jehandar (Umit Ulgen). Anna is a Salvadorian girl who has lived in the USA and come backs to her home country where she stars searching for the love of her life with the help of her cousin and his friend. A black doctor ex-convict returns to the all-white town he knows as home and discovers a deadly disease threatening the citizens. He must fight prejudice and time if he is to save the town. A story of adoption told without glamour and hypocrisy that usually accompanies this topic.Anna is a top model, who was adopted by a French couple as a child. She returns to her hometown with a charity mission from France.A story of an orphan turned princess becomes a legend in her native provincial town. Anna gets treated like royal person and everyone expects miracles from herAnna is confused and cannot understand what all these people want from her. She is used to a calm and logical western lifestyle. Her home is France, in Russia she is a guest. Horrified, she watches her photographer boyfriend Michelle, admire incomprehensible Russian mentality Talia and her spouse, Gavry, Lives in an isolated village next to a forest. Talia takes care of the wounded woodland creatures and sets them free. But in this pastoral atmosphere are hidden the violence and tension in the relationship and Talia must choose- whether to remain in the current situation or take action.  When the romantic secrets of his family members become public, the career and community standing of a respected bishop are threatened. A New York couple's relationship is tested after the loss of their child. This film is the wide-released combination of the original two :him and :her volumes that premiered at the Cannes Film Festival. A young boy (Jay) and a girl (Vedika) happen to meet in the tourist town of Goa. They spend some time together and realise that they are perfect for each other. However life has other plans. Many years later, in Mumbai, they cross each other. But the memory of their time together is so distant, it takes a while for Jay to recollect. By the time he remembers, she is lost in the crowd. What happens when two strangers meet for some time and realise they are perfect for each other? What if life has other plans? Would you wait for your destined perfect other, or would you move on? This story tells about the romance between Andika and Puteri. Andika is a Chief Editor of a magazine, while Puteri works as Andika's personal assistant. The story begins when Andika received a call from his former girlfriend, SARA, who invited him to her wedding. He brought Puteri as his date and after spending some time with her, he felt different.. he became a changed man. Happier than he has ever been. A young man struggling with the death of his parents meets an extroverted girl who joins him on his sailing trip. While spending time together, the dark secrets they are both running away from start to show.  Sandra, a small town country girl, returns home after college to take over the family business, her father's beloved bed and breakfast. Facing an unfaithful husband and dysfunctional relationship with her mother, she finds herself at a difficult crossroads. Everything changes, however, when Terrance (Steven Sutton), a young, handsome lawyer checks in and opens her eyes to an entirely different life filled with happiness. Bruce (Rod Taylor), the owner of a aerospace company, is infatuated with Jennifer (Doris Day) and hires her to be his biographer so that he can be near her and win her affections. Is she actually a Russian spy trying to obtain aerospace secrets? The life of Tao, and those close to her, is explored in three different time periods: 1999, 2014, and 2025. A young woman cycles through seven relationships, each one depicted in a distinct cinematic style. As she adapts all-too-seamlessly to the world of each new partner, she begins to ask herself the question: who am I when I'm not in love? Smart, crude, and in-your-face, Australian comic/actor/equal-opportunity-offender Jim Jefferies is not for the faint of heart. Whether he is lampooning gun control, auditioning disabled actors, or over-sharing sexual experiences, the FXX "Legit" star proves nothing is out of bounds and even less, off limits. Filmed during the Boston run of his recent stand up tour. Vladimir doesn't know what he is. He has all the money he wants, he is afraid of becoming schizophrenic; he is a vampire, an extraterrestrial, an eccentric millionaire, or all three at the same time. There is no doubt that he is a lady's man who plays soccer perfectly, who can study the movements of a cabdriver and seduce the most beautiful and intelligent woman he meets. A Thriller/Romance/Comedy - A mysterious man is sent to protect a woman against her sister's attempts to have her killed. In the process, the man and woman fall in love. A  small desert town in western Australia is the scene of several love affairs in this romantic drama. Forty-year-old Stella (Wendy Hughes) works at her father's hotel and bar. She receives annual New Year's marriage proposals from rodeo rider Andy Ford (John Hargreaves), who talks himself into asking her one more time. Stella's father Billy (Norman Kaye) is a former cricket star whose career ended early when he was involved in a sex scandal. She spends the night with vacationing Arthur (Michael Siberry) when his car breaks down. Andy elects not to pop the question to Stella in lieu of her one-night stand with the stranger. When Billy elects to marry June Thompson (Julie Nihill), the local gossipmongers have a field day recalling the woman's promiscuous past.  The wife of a pastor who preaches against homosexuality embarks on an affair with a female writer. Two childhood friends who are now a couple find their relationship threatened by the mysterious workings of memory and the foibles of familiarity. A romantic comedy about the adventures of the two old friends, former classmates, Mira and Olga in today Moscow. Samantha and John Grey find themselves at a crossroads in their marriage. Samantha is considered the modern day 'Dear Abby' of talk radio and as a Doctor of Psychology; Samantha is meticulous to detail and advocates communication as the key to all successful marriages. Feeling her biological clock ticking, she's ready to start a family - if only she could convince her husband John. When a systems engineer blows the whistle on a dangerous technology, Charlie's Angels from across the globe are called into action, putting their lives on the line to protect society. Barney is back with a new generation of kid actors, a music video, and BJ in a tutu. Gone is the old treehouse; Barney and buddies now hang out in a hip refurbished caboose. First up is a lesson about reading in which books inspire the children to act out stories and write their own. In the second story, BJ doesn't want to dance ballet with his sister Baby Bop, until the kids explain that he can put his own spin on it--and take off the tutu. The reinvigorated dinosaur even mildly displays some urban flair when one girl dances to rap. With the incessant adult Barney-bashing of the past, his new owners had the stated purpose of getting parents on their side this time. In that respect, the good news is that both the setting and the child actors seem less artificial, and one of the girls even has a lovely singing voice.  Women from Kerala have a 'beautiful' reputation about their looks and the hero's father in Kerala Naatilam Pengaludanae played by Professor Gnanasambandham seems to be smitten by them with a reason to support his belief. A woman and three men. Nina, who's come to Paris to act and sleeps with any man at hand, meets Paulot, a young estate agent; he's smitten. She also meets Paulot's flatmate Quentin, a compulsive who stalks her. To Paulot's jealous dismay, she's willing to sleep with Quentin, and wants Paulot's friendship. After a desperate act by Quentin, Nina and Paulot share a flat, but she still won't take him as a lover; instead, her energy goes into a production of "Romeo and Juliet" directed by a detached, intense man who becomes her father figure. Quentin's ghost taunts her, Paulot wants to end all contact, and the director plans to return to London. The art of the theater may be her only refuge. An almost romantic comedy on the edge: Holocaust researcher Toto is having a major life crisis. Just when things at home and work could not get worse, he unwantedly gets a new assistent assigned to himself. Zazie is french, jewish, slightly germanophobe and supposed to help Toto to prepare a major congress. As the star of the congress suddenly wants to pull out, the problems are piling up and the two have to fix it. On his 25th birthday, Tom is blindfolded and must choose his mate, from other women who were born on the same day, solely on the sound of her voice. After his selection, he forms a mental image of what she must look like. But this mental image is different from the women he actually chose. He then splits his time, eyes open with his official choice, and eyes closed with his mental choice. If this sounds like a major relationship dilemma, it is. An astounding, original take on a love story. A malay classic film produce in 1951 with star name such as P Ramlee, Kasma Booty, Neng Yatimah. Directed by B.S. Rajhans A story of forbidden love between a former member of the mafia named Amir and Aisyah, an art student. Amir wants to start a new life as a street musician, and one day, he meets Aisyah, who also happens to come from a wealthy family. Aisyah's parents have already arranged for her to marry Boy, a son of a wealthy businessman, hoping that their marriage will allow both families' businesses to flourish. Will Aisyah go against her family's wishes to live happily with Amir or will she marry Boy and live a life without love? "Love, Supermoon" tells the story of three best friends Triz, Tiha and Nina, who like gossiping about Razak`s life. Razak is a doctor and was married to a flight attendant named Nora, but the marriage did not last long. Razak is good friends with Solomon, the adopted brother of Nina who later becomes his wife. Although the three best friends act crazy at times, they will never run away from the trials in their lives. The coming-of-age tale of 16-year-old Lina Vilkas who is deported to Siberia amid Stalin's reign of terror in the Baltic region during WWII. An aspiring artist, she secretly documents her harrowing journey with her drawings. The continuing adventures of the Portokalos family. A follow-up to the 2002 comedy, "My Big Fat Greek Wedding." College freshman Selena Sutter (Samantha Koerner) gets more than she bargains for when her new roommate Amy (Jess Chanliau) unwillingly drags her to a raucous frat party. Left to her own devices, Selena ends up shattered by a vicious attack and is left to finish her academic year with a crippling affliction and little hope. With the help of an intuitive science professor, she begins to heal and open her heart to an unexpected romance with a friendly teacher's assistant (Josiah Frampton), who may be hiding a secret from her. But struggling with a shaky past and the abrupt return of her assailant, Selena's new questionable affair may only contribute to her downfall. Near by Christmas, in an old and charming town in Transylvania, Sebastian and Aprilia start a beautiful love story. However, nothing is as simple as it would seem. Being influenced by three men with strong personalities, Aprilia needs to find the balance between adulthood and the choices of a young girl's heart. It's Christmas time and life holds for this talented beautiful girl only the presents that she is strong enough to grab. City of Warsaw, Poland, August 1, 1944. Citizens have experienced inhuman acts of terror and violence during five long years of Nazi occupation. As the Soviet Army relentlessly approaches, the youngest and bravest among them rise up as one and face tyranny fighting street by street, but the price to pay will be high and hard the way to freedom. Actress Mika Andrews and her filmmaker boyfriend, Louis Digman struggle through the stresses, hopes, desires and disappointments of the entertainment industry to succeed in 'Hollywood.' A self-help seminar inspires a sixty-something woman to romantically pursue her younger co-worker. A movie about a relationship...that's worse than yours. Seth (Stewart), a sitcom writer-producer, meets Chelsea (Wilson), an interior decorator, at his best friend's (Bellamy) wedding. He's immediately sexually attracted to her while she's instantly attracted to his single-ness. They both ditch their wedding dates and start their own date that same night. The two become a couple, appearing very happy until after a couple of years of postponing a marriage proposal. When Chelsea realizes that Seth wants to remain single and together, she becomes quite bitter. In the next hour of the movie, the two engage in behavior that makes the War of the Roses look like child's play. Clarise, an OFW mother in Japan, and her desire to have a husband and father for her children. One day, Clarise bumps into Henry, ridiculed and rejected. Then, they meet again in a plane going back to the Philippines. Here, an accident happens. Clarise wakes up and finds herself in an island with Henry, who now has amnesia. Clarise takes advantage of the situation and introduces herself as his wife. She makes him believe that they have been married in Japan and they are on their way to the Philippines to get married in church. After being saved, Clarise then introduces Henry to her family and friends. Will Henry learn to really love Clarise? Or, will Henry find the truth about Clarise's lies? What if Henry learns that Clarise is his "illegal wife?" A movie by Mannat Singh AKA Sukhi Pawar. This short documentary takes us to St. John's Cathedral Boys' School, at Selkirk, Manitoba, one of the most demanding outdoor schools in North America. As the school can't accommodate every student wishing to enroll, boys of 13 to 15 years old are put through an initiation tougher than they have ever faced. They paddle canoes through some 500 kilometers of wilderness in 2 weeks, portaging and camping all the way, thereby learning vital outdoor lore, cooperation and self-confidence. A Hawaiian teenage surfer shows off his skills when he takes to the snow slopes in Vermont. She's Dating the Gangster tells the heart-wrenching tale of 17-year-old Athena Dizon and campus bad boy Kenji de los Reyes, two teenagers who begin a pretend relationship that ultimately transforms into something deeper. This is a romantic comedy where Zeke finds out that Sex Ain't Love by going through a roller coaster ride of emotions with his old friend Regina. Zeke learns more about his heart than sex can ever teach him. A bittersweet autopsy of mental illness and lost love, Terrible Love tells the story of Rufus, a wounded veteran returning home from Iraq with post-traumatic stress disorder, and his devoted wife Amy. They promised themselves never to leave each other, but that promise is put to the ultimate test when Rufus' PTSD becomes violent.  Terrible Love dives head first into the heart-breaking effects of PTSD, the relationships it hurts, and the lives it threatens. A bunch of stock dialogue from notorious suicide cult-leader Jim Jones with some very grainy film stock thrown in. (IMDb) This short film can be found on TOPY's First Transmission tape (1982). Cal Weaver is living the American dream. He has a good job, a beautiful house, great children and a beautiful wife, named Emily. Cal's seemingly perfect life unravels, however, when he learns that Emily has been unfaithful and wants a divorce. Over 40 and suddenly single, Cal is adrift in the fickle world of dating. Enter, Jacob Palmer, a self-styled player who takes Cal under his wing and teaches him how to be a hit with the ladies. Kameleon 2 is a 2005 Dutch family film with as main characters identical twins Koen van der Donk (Hielke Klinkhamer) and Jos van der Donk (Sietse Klinkhamer), also identical twins, born 6 March 1988. It is a sequel of De Schippers van de Kameleon, with these same characters and actors. An exploration of the growing friendship between small-town girl Laura, who is persuaded onto a hiking trip by her friend Merit, and Joosep, a middle-aged guide. After Margaret, a divorcee living in Dublin, loses her teenage son, she develops an unorthodox relationship with Joe, a homeless youth. Their tentative trust is threatened by his involvement with a violent gang and the escalation of her ex-husband's grieving rage.  Krystal Parker's life fell apart when she discovered she couldn't have children. Everything she knew was gone, - but Letting Go Is Just The Beginning.  A brother does what he can to save his sister as a group of mercenaries try to take control of their space craft. Young Cole Carter dreams of hitting the big time as a Hollywood disc jockey, spending his days and nights hanging with buddies and working on the one track that will set the world on fire. Opportunity comes knocking when he meets James Reed, a charismatic DJ who takes the 23-year-old under his wing. Soon, his seemingly clear path to success gets complicated when he starts falling for his mentor's girlfriend, jeopardizing his new friendship and the future he seems destined to fulfill. Set in Italy in the contemporary world, the film deals with love, with trampled art, with prostitution, with transvestism and with the situation of the sculpture in Italy. Cass, a high-powered attorney and single mother of two, is on the hunt for a new nanny after her precocious kids ran off the last one. A lonely young man (Haruma Miura) happens to meet RuoLan who has an identical twin sister RuMei. They are older than him.  RuoLan tells him about her wound from a painful breakup and her troubles being a twin. While supporting RuoLan, the young man gets close to her. Desperate for a good story, a sex-addicted journalist throws himself into the world of high-class escorts when he starts following a Stanford-educated prostitute. An adaptation of Milena Agus' eponymous novel set after WWII, "Mal de Pierres" ("Mal di Pietre") spans 20 years, following the destiny of a passionate, free-spirited woman who is in a loveless marriage and falls for another man. On the anniversary of the massacre of a town, a homeless man decides once and for all to seek help. Heading to a homeless shelter, he has an encounter with the men behind the massacre. The life of a contestant on a 'Bachelorette' style reality show is thrown into turmoil when the sudden death of his father forces him to quit the series prematurely and reconnect with his estranged sister at the family cabin. Listless millennials muse over unrequited love on their way to self discovery in this character driven suburban neorealist story. Travis and Gabby first meet as neighbors in a small coastal town and wind up in a relationship that is tested by life's most defining events. Japanese writer Kyoko Murakai comes to in Paris with the purpose of meeting "mythic Parisian women" and uncover the secret of their fulfilling lifestyles, which, she hopes, will serve as an inspiration for the main character of her next novel. This literary and sentimental saga, is also for Kyoko an attempt to emancipate herself from a still misogynistic Japanese society. When teenager Elle's first kiss leads to a forbidden romance with the hottest boy in high school, she risks her relationship with her best friend. A young couple bound by a seemingly ideal love, begins to unravel as unexpected opportunities spin them down a volatile and violent path and threaten the future they had always imagined. Alice is a sailor. While her partner Felix waits for her on land, she sets off as second mechanic on the Fidelio, an old freighter. On board, she discovers not only that her predecessor has just died, but also that the skipper is none other than the first great love of her life. Alice finds a notebook in her cabin, apparently that of the former mechanic, and on reading its contents - accounts of mechanical problems, sexual conquests and lovelorn emotions - finds, oddly, that they mirror her own concerns. As they make stops at various ports, dealing with life aboard alongside an all-male crew and the swell and pitch of her romantic feelings, the young woman tries to stay on course. Brothers Tom and Niek are running the family's costume rental store. Former soap star Tom doesn't take his job and his relationships very seriously. Niek on the other hand, is a workaholic, which recently led to a separation from his wife Karin. When the brothers are preparing for the busy holiday season, attractive Julia walks through the door with an offer they can't refuse: participating in a bold ad campaign that will rock Dutch holiday traditions to their core. Soon enough, Tom and Niek find themselves in a whirlwind of family issues, national cultural matters and love, after which neither of them will ever be the same. Four woman, each with their own theory about love. Iga is married and lives in a happy relationship but deeply fantasies about extreme experiences. In her search she uncovers various shades of loves, like the modern femme fatale (Joanna) and a woman  (Agata) who is being cheated on. An attractive 30 year old (Roma) is searching for a man who will turn her life upside and desperate for this life changing moment. Set in modern Warsaw, where one night can change anybodies life. Eddy and Stuart share two-thirds of a dormitory suite. Due to bureaucratic error, a woman named Alex is added to their room. At first, relations among the three are tense. Soon, however, Alex falls for Eddy, and Stuart lusts after Alex. Eric Lazard is a heartbroken former college football star who gets involved in a dangerous Florentine sport and a local woman, Stephanie, while visiting his cousin Anna, who lives in Italy and teaches the Italian language to foreigners. WHAT ARE WE DOING HERE? is a controversial documentary about why after 50 years of Western involvement, billions of dollars in foreign assistance and countless promises, Africa is still so poor. The film tells the story of 3 brothers and a cousin who travel across Africa in an attempt to understand one of the great problems of our time, the failure to end poverty in Africa. Shot on location in 12 countries, WHAT ARE WE DOING HERE? transports you into the shocking and heart wrenching world of African poverty and the multi billion dollar aid and development industry dedicated to fighting it. Nicolas, a photographer, has suffered epilepsy since childhood and he is forced to take care of himself and sacrifice a lot, though he lives a normal life. On the other hand, Isabel is a woman who, apparently, has her whole life figured out although her mother is ill and she has no choice but to try to save her. Isabel and Nicolas fall in love in spite of themselves, their demons, their ghosts, and their weaknesses. Suddenly engaged in a relationship none of them would have even dared to imagine, they experience the love, passion, insecurity, fear, and allergy to commitment typical in people who are drifting away. Nee Jathaga Nenundali is a Telugu romantic musical drama film directed by Jaya Ravindra. It the official remake of the Bollywood blockbuster romantic film Aashiqui 2. Three best friends endure heartbreak, humiliation & hangovers to find a date to the wedding of a lifetime. A former industrial saboteur is lured back by her corporate employer for one last job, but her husband disapproves and may need to take action. Forty-year-old Paul-Andre is a timid, rather introverted man. Rich but alone, he is deeply bored and ends up concluding that what he needs is a family. Violette, a forty-year-old full of energy, is threatened with eviction and is afraid she'll lose custody of her two children. Paul-Andre then proposes a totally above the board contract to rent the family in exchange for him paying off Violette's debts. For better and for worse.. Leela actress depressed with her father and on other hand Krishna actor suffering from daily tensions accidentally get connected on mobile lot of things get messed up and due to this Krishna has to forcefully marry leela will they stay together or get divorced. A young Scottish singer, Rose-Lynn Harlan, dreams of making it as a country artist in Nashville after being released from prison. A young boy can transfer his body energy into ESP and heal sick people. While the subject of scientists' studies, he runs away to try to find out about his past and why he is the way he is. Philip looks like a man, who has it all: successful career and a beautiful girlfriend. However, he is still taking care of Victor, his sensitive brother, years after the death of their parents. Emma is slightly autistic, fallen out of time. At the night, she creates the model of a mystical garden in the back of her flower shop, where Victor works. Emma lives in spheres completely beyond Philip's reach. Through her garden, Philip realizes that he never felt so real until he met this otherworldly girl, he's falling in love with. His life is transforming - until Victor confesses that he, too, is in love with Emma. Torn between the love for his brother and for Emma, Philip feels the pain of loss for the first time.  Under the surface of this contemporary urban drama, there are hidden invisible worlds, where unexpected miracles happen.  "Perhaps the most tender Bulgarian film." Charlotte is cheating on Micha with Melodie. Not suspecting a thing, yet feeling neglected, Micha in turn cheats on Charlotte.  But also with Melodie. For Melodie, things are topsy-turvy. She lies to both of them. She is privy to each of their lies. And is in love with both of them at the same time. Alexander, the King of Macedonia, leads his legions against the giant Persian Empire. After defeating the Persians, he leads his army across the then known world, venturing farther than any westerner had ever gone, all the way to India. Bobby (Anthony Cillo) is a typical young man on the streets of Denver, Colorado. Even as an adult, he stays close to home with a core group of friends with whom he drinks and hangs around. He gets involved with a local girl (Hannah Richter) he met on the RTD Light Rail, and decides he wants to get married and settle down. As they get deeper into their relationship, he declines her offer to have sex because he thinks she is a virgin and he wants to wait. One day, the girl tells him that she was once raped by a former boyfriend. This crushes Bobby. He rejects her and attempts to return to his old life of immaturity with his friends. However, after a particularly wild party with friends, he realizes he still loves her and returns to her apartment one early morning. He awkwardly tells her that he forgives her and says that he will "marry her anyway." Upon hearing this, the girl tells him marriage would never work if her past weighs on him so much. A high school princess is cursed by the geek whose affections she toyed with. Amit Sahni (played by Vir Das) is a young and quirky investment banker, who is searching for the woman of his dreams, correction- the woman of his LIST. After a painful break-up during his teenage days, Amit has noted down all the traits that he is looking for in the perfect woman or Miss Right and every time he goes out on a date, he secretly checks to see if his date matches to the list. The interesting twists and turns that take place on account of the list and his quest for Miss Right make for an interesting comedy. Kittu / Krishna is a cab driver who saves his money with the cab owner. When the owner refuses to return his money back, Kittu kidnaps owner's daughter Nandu. Nandu who is fed up with her father's unilateral decision about her marriage is happy with the kidnapping. They fall in love with each other in the process. When they were about to accept the ransom money, she gets kidnapped by another kidnapper. The rest of the story is all about who kidnapped her and the kidnapper's connection with Kittu  Two mismatched personal trainers' lives are upended by the actions of a new, wealthy client. Mahboba Rawi, founder of Mahboba's Promise, is an Afghan-Australian woman dedicated to help Afghan orphans. Abdul, one of first orphans she saved, is in love with Fatemeh. They want to marry, but Fatemeh's father wants to give her to anyone who offers the largest dowry. Devastated, Abdul is hoping when Mahboba arrives in Kabul, she will help to make his marriage happen. But Fatemeh's father has unexpected demands. He wants 10,000 Australian dollars or a wife for his eldest son to replace Fatemeh in the household. The fate of the couple hangs on Mahboba's ability to negotiate. But she only has one month and limited resources. A cliff overhanging the sea. A teenager's silouhette between the rocks. He is watchng the entrance of a luxurious yatch in the bay. On board is a couple, they seem happy. They are dropping the anchor in the cove. The young woman is very beautiful. The teenager is spying on her as night is falling. An obvious emotion has grown in him. What will he do at night? He looks so powerless and envious. Sharon is a fast-rising PR executive from Singapore, searching for love in Hong Kong, who may have found her dream guy, but as she chases after him online and in person, Sharon quickly finds out the dangers of stalking a secret crush. The lives of three women change when a new beauty product arrives. Mercedes is a taxi dancer who wants to be an actress. She's involved with the married Harry, who considers himself a respected actor. Ernesto is in love with Mercedes, but he doesn't dance or have money. Stephan Ziller is an aspring actor who has lost his way and looks for his spiritual compass. He goes looking for answers in spiritual, religious and self-help groups across the city of Berlin. He eventually chances upon a romance with Simone Geissler, but soon grows weary of his spiritual pursuit. A period drama set in the year 1877 that narrates the love story of a revolutionary courtesan. Six men with mid-life anxiety set out for a weekend in the country in an attempt to reconnect with their masculinity. What they find is a catastrophe so horrible and bizarre that a mid-life crisis turns out to be exactly what they need to survive it... Director Franco Zeffirelli's beloved version of one of the most well-known love stories in the English language. Romeo Montague and Juliet Capulet fall in love against the wishes of their feuding families. Driven by their passion, the young lovers defy their destiny and elope, only to suffer the ultimate tragedy.  Caroline, a French architect in Vilnius, Lithuania, on business, has to spend an extra night in the city due to a delayed work meeting. At the bar of her hotel she meets Jaakko, a Finnish DJ who is in Vilnius for a gig. Caroline lets him understand that she doesn't speak English, and Jaakko doesn't speak French. Although they lack a common language, they find themselves enjoying each other's company... The relationship between two mismatched people who try to move past their baggage to make their love work.  IS THAT YOU? Is the story of RONNIE, 60 year old Israeli film projectionist, who has been fired from his job and is going now to the U.S. in a search for RACHEL, the love of his youth IS THAT YOU? Is a romantic, road trip journey to 'The Road Not Taken' in life created by Award Winning filmmaker Dani Menkin (HBO Cinemax-39 Pounds of Love, Je Taime, I Love You Terminal, Dolphin Boy). When the husband of a dying woman is approached by a corporation pioneering a new program to extend life through robotics, they get caught in a public debate over humans' relationship with technology. When a struggling writer meets a superstitious Portuguese beauty, he has no idea that his life and luck are both about to change. A romantic comedy about cross-cultural relationships.  A trio of opera singers are reunited by a wedding ten years after their stormy breakup. Oohalu Gusagusalade (English: Dreams Whispered) is a 2014 Telugu Romantic comedy written and directed by Telugu actor Srinivas Avasarala marking his debut as a director. The film, produced by Sai Korrapati and Rajani Korrapati on Vaaraahi Chalana Chitram banner, featured Naga Shourya, Rashi Khanna and Srinivas Avasarala himself playing the lead roles. The film was an adaptation of a 19th century French play named Cyrano de Bergerac and revolves around a young and selfish girl Prabhavati and two men Venky and Uday who love her. Drake gets into a betting game with his best friend which involves courting the unsuspecting Sophia. When Sophia finally falls for him Drake must tell her that everything was just a game, a bet. A woman's future self is nothing like she expected herself to be. Three unmarried aristocratic Christian sisters from Ramallah have shut themselves in their villa clinging desperately to their former glory, until their orphan niece, Badia, walks into their life and turns their world upside down. Biarritz. Sixteen-year-old George, the high school hottie, falls in love with Alex. To get his attention, she initiates a group game with Alex, Nikita, Laetitia and Gabriel. They will discover, test, and push the limits of their sexuality. Batman and Robin struggling to survive in a apocalyptic third world. Captain Jahan Bakshi rescues a Punjabi girl, Suhani. This starts a friendship that evolves into a passionate love affair.  Three loosely connected stories: The relationship between midwife Rosa and therapist Marcel is shaken to the core by a cancer diagnosis. Wandering aimlessly through life, waitress Motte is horrified to discover she's pregnant - by her best friend Neo, who's not even sure about his sexual orientation. Finally, cleaning lady Layla refuses to accept that her ex, Navid, has left her for a younger woman. Each situation escalates on one fateful night: A gun is fired, a woman dies, and a child is born. 'Without you' - an expression that can be formulated both negatively and positively: 'I can't live without you' also means 'life is much better with you'. Director Alexandre Powelz maximises this interpretation to its fullest potential. OHNE DICH is a film both about love and its bitter ingredients, and the equally sobering, yet comforting certainty that life goes on. In Candy Guard's debut film, an overweight woman with a bag on her head sits down and swears at everyone she sees. Steve Austin is Dan Barnes, a former heavyweight boxer who hangs up his gloves to escape his violent lifestyle. Dans life is quickly turned upside down when the resident boxing champion makes his presence felt by dominating all opponents who stand in his way. In order to put the title holder in his place, Dan prepares an unseasoned newcomer for the biggest challenge of his life. Steve (Farhaan Faasil) is a teenager college student, handsome and carefree. Having all the inquisitiveness and misdemeanours that's typical of a virile young man, he has an extraordinary air of innocence that makes him very likeable. Being the son of a DYSP, he stays in Police quarters, with its limited space and privacy that's irksome to a teenager. Anjali (Ahaana Krishna) is his childhood friend, staying in the same Police residential area, for whom Steve realizes he nurtures more than just friendly emotions. As life begins to look more colorful and promising, Steve encounters his destiny on the street, with little warning. His innocence that's fearless and unperturbed embarks on a journey into the brutal and the vicious domain that's so strongly active in today's society. Lara Jean's love life goes from imaginary to out of control when her secret letters to every boy she's ever fallen for are mysteriously mailed out. A Russian teenager, living in London, dies during childbirth but leaves clues to a midwife in her journal, that could tie her child to a rape involving a violent Russian mob family. A stalker tackles three women in London. First 23-year old likable schoolteacher Zoe Haratounian, who beats off a thief and gets declared a local heroine by the press, gets scary anonymous letters, but because she runs off from the police station when the desk officer cheerfully calls her 'our poster girl' to a colleague when recognizing her on a press cutting, it takes days before the police can even send over PC Andrew Stadden, a detective in training. She breaks up with her 'not sensitively supportive' hunky boyfriend, gardener Fred, who even gets investigated as a suspect and only has his soccer mates Maurice 'Moz' 'Hack' ...  How many rounds you do have to spin on the dance floor until all your dreams come true? Eugene, Gino, Christina and their friends are already past their prime. But that doesn't stop them to search for love and sex. They meet in Paris daily in dimly dance clubs where they express their desire for living a full life in togetherness through dancing. And if prince charming is reluctant to appear the well-heeled ladies spent some money for lessons with 'taxi boy' Michel. Michel dances with them for money - and behaves like a real gentleman. In search of love both - men and women - overcome nearly every obstacle, even if in many cases it doesn't bring them closer to their aim.  A women creates an alter ego in hopes of overcoming the trauma inflicted by men in her life Past conflicts and tensions arise when a group of late 20-something friends spend the weekend together to celebrate an upcoming wedding. On a business trip to Nashville, Brennan finds himself reunited with the "Girl" who had previously broken his heart. Now, for one weekend in the city's music scene, a past and present romance will be reborn and challenged. The Sea Inside is about Spaniard Ramon Sampedro, who fought a 30-year campaign to win the right to end his life with dignity. It is the story of Ramon's relationships with two women: Julia a lawyer who supports his cause, and Rosa, a local woman who wants to convince him that life is worth living. 'Plastic Love Story' presents Coming of Age of three girls in Japan.  Eri tries to remedy her anxiety and loneliness by being self-destructive. Rina relies on her relationship with boyfriend to compensate for her broken dream of being a ballerina. Kanae lost her brother when she was a child and seeks a solitary life in an abandoned hut by a seaside town.  The three girls encounter three men in their lives.  When they meet, their 'Plastic' love story begins. Croydon, 1977. A trio of punk teenagers goes to a party to meet girls, but they find that girls there are very different from what they expected. Desire Will Set You Free is a feature film that explores life in contemporary Berlin with an often critical and sometimes humorous eye. Based on a true story, the plot follows the relationship of an American writer of Israeli/Palestinian descent and a Russian aspiring artist working as a hustler, offering access to the city's vibrant queer and underground scenes while examining the differences between expatriate and refugee life. Our characters travel through Berlin's layered history and unique subcultural landscape; on their adventures they discover influences and remnants of the Weimar Republic, WWII, the Bowie years, and punk. New Zealand independent drama following a young Maori man who moves to the country to rebuild his life after facing prejudices around his sexual orientation. He takes on a job on a farm where he grows attached to the farmer's son. But when their relationship grows, the situation steers into darker territories... Lin Xiao, Gu Li, Nan Xiang, Tang Wanru - these four best friends, after waving goodbye to their school campus and entering the workforce, they are faced with various challenges in their life: friendship, love, and career. Together, they become lost in life, having long forgotten their past courage. On her son's birthday, 25-year-old single mother Kathi receives day release from prison and finds her three-year-old, who is living with Kathi's unstable mother, in terrible circumstances. Kathi is forced to find a way to enable a better future for her toddler, while she is confronted with her past- and time is against her, as she has to be back in prison by 6pm. A hapless brother and sister with a gift for pop-culture infused banter embark on an ill-conceived quest to get their own talk show, encountering romance and sabotage along the way. While back in his hometown, a suicidal former baseball player encounters the spirit of his deceased mother, who takes him on a sentimental tour meant to restore his love of life. An affair that begins one rainy evening on a lonely Calcutta street. And ends on yet another rainy evening in the Andaman Islands. A journey dotted by love, jealousy and destiny, it is loosely inspired by the works of William Shakespeare. Penny works at a supermarket and Phil is a gentle taxi-driver. Penny's love for Phil has run dry and they lead joyless lives with their two children, Rachel, a cleaner, and Rory, who is unemployed and aggressive. Set in 1970s when disco music was popular, Took Kae Rak Pang Mak (Chiang Khan Story) is a romantic comedy set in Chiang Khan district of Loei. Talented 18-year-old actor Jirayu La-Ongmanee (Kao) plays a movie lover from Chiang Khan named Took Kae. Took Kae has sweet boyhood memories of a girl named Pang, played by Chontida Asavahame (Pleng), 19. Took Kae later works with a movie crew in Bangkok on a film starring Pang, who has become an actress. Though Pang appears to be out of his league, Took Kae doesn't give up on his dreams of being with her. Die Spook van Uniondale tells the story of the legend of The Ghost of Uniondale. It is a charming romantic family comedy based on true rumours. The movie is filled with original characters such as the charming Cornelius played by Tobie Cronje and the sinister Jan-Dawid played by Andre Schwartz. The princess of the film Marie is portrayed by Tanya van Graan and her love interest Johan played by Ivan Zimmermann. This film is bedazzled with light hearted moments that will make you smile and gut wrenching scenes Written by Pierre Smith A sixty-something mother and her two adult sons cope and move onward following the death of their larger-than-life father/husband. Ninako Kinoshita has never been in love until an encounter with the school's most popular boy, Ren Ichinose, leads the two to befriending each other. Ren's patient and kind personality is a far cry from his unapproachable idol status at school, and soon Ninako falls in love with him. However, she must cope with the fact that he already has a long-time girlfriend. Comedy - A girl moves back to her home city and struggles to maintain an old friendship whilst a new &amp; exciting one emerges. -  Rain Fuller, Michael Edward Williams, Nathan Barillaro A romantic comedy set in the lush fields of Punjab and the beautiful city of Chandigarh - Aa Gaye Munde U.K. De is a sequel to the earlier blockbuster Munde U.K. De also Directed by the Doyen of Punjabi cinema - Manmohan Singh. This erotically charged drama from Japanese director Ryuichi Hiroki (Vibrator) traces the intersecting stories of a group of employees and visitors at a notorious "love hotel" in Tokyo's red-light district. This film uses stop motion animation of still photographs to convey images of politics and science in the nuclear era. The advancement of science allows man to do things he never would have been able to do without, for good or bad. Politicians are either behind the scenes manipulating those scientists or are using that science for their own goals, primarily in the space race. Everyday items and people are projected upwards - many in the form of rockets - followed by iconic structures, such as the Empire State Building, the US Capitol, the Washington Monument, the Eiffel Tower and the Kremlin, being rocketed skyward as visual representations of that race into space. A Japanophile young Belgian woman in Tokyo falls into a whirlwind romance with a Francophile Japanese student, in this charming and tender tale of young love and cultural discovery. Nobody Walks in LA is the story of two old friends who, faced with decisions that cannot wait, put their lives on pause for a day and do the unthinkable.... walk around Los Angeles. Putting aside a failing engagement on the one hand and a cross country move on the other - Miles and Becca rediscover not just the streets of Los Angeles, but one another. A man's mysterious encounter with divine intervention that leads him to discover his true destiny. In the present, in Spain, Miguel's mind, affected by a brain disease, seems cloistered in the past, in Argentina, in the seventies, when he risked his life for his ideals. He is obsessed with finding a woman named Diana. Mario, his son, who has been away from Miguel for a long time, now feels compelled to unravel the mystery of a name that, like a curse, pursues his father. Yokozawa meets a man (Kirishima) and his life is turned around. Kirishima starts to blackmail and tease Yokozawa, but Kirishima might actually be trying to help him recover from an emotional period of his life in the process. A young Indian man marries a stranger to remain in Canada after his request for residency is denied. Four funny flawed fierce females discover what they don't know: about themselves, their families and Western Civilization.  Lothario Martin has come to the realization that he needs to settle down. He strongly believes he can only do so by molding his behavior to the wishes of the woman he will eventually marry. However, he first must find her. He registers on an online dating site even though the answer to all of his troubles is right under his nose. Odessa is a beautiful girl addicted to the attention and money that being an adult film star brings. William, a lonely mechanic, has a crush on her, and she indulges his fantasy and leads him on. Thinking he can save her and help her find a normal life, he befriends her drug-fueled bodyguard, Angry Jack, to get close to her. A writer adrift in the icy slopes of Kashmir, discovers a woman with a strange and silent past. Stranded after a tragic plane crash, two strangers must forge a connection to survive the extreme elements of a remote snow covered mountain. When they realize help is not coming, they embark on a perilous journey across the wilderness. Priye and Tinuke had a few months of a blissful marriage until Priye suddenly starts exhibiting strings of uncharacteristic behaviour. Tinuke takes on drastic measures to help cope. Joao, a homosexual individual develops amnesia and forgets that he's homosexual. Recently cuckolded and reeling from a messy divorce, a hapless former singer hits the road - and the bar - with his all-too-helpful best bud, in this hilarious romantic comedy. Police in Pollywood is a Punjabi film directed by Sunita Dhir. Bold Sari enlists with Josh, a young man whom she barely met. They set from Metro Manila to Leyte to find the owner of a letter she found and see the fulfillment of its vow. They discover that the journey is just as relevant as their goal. Telling a tale of six months of sun, snow, and rain, over a dozen of skiing's most talented athletes, hundreds of thousands of miles traveled, tens of thousands of vertical feet hiked, hundreds of quarts of 2-stroke snowmobile oil, a dozen speeding tickets and at least as many missed connecting flights, this year's Level 1 film is indeed a VERY long story, short.Shot in high-definition across the frozen globe, from remote powder stashes of Hokkaido, Japan, to the bent metal and concrete of the East Coast of North America, and the fabled kicker zones of Austria, and everywhere in between. Level 1 furthers their innovative vision of skiing, continuing their tradition of captivating cinematography, inspired features and locations, and mindblowing skiing exploits in what will be THE story of the '06 ski season. Christmas, Again tells the story of Noel, a young man who travels from upstate NY every year to sell Christmas trees in New York City.  Returning without the help of his long-time girlfriend, this year Noel finds it impossible to do the one thing he knows so well---sell Christmas trees. As Noel begins to spiral downwards, alienating co-workers and customers in the process, it turns out this same community of people may be the only ones capable of saving Noel from self-destruction. In 1929 music teacher Paul Leinert receives an unexpected letter from his old friend Otto Schiffmann, a young and talented composer who has moved away from Berlin after a failed marriage. The letter is an invitation for Paul to come and visit Otto in his forest cabin - and to become familiar with his new work, a long-awaited symphony. Taking along his wife Anna together with his colleague Willi, the three find Otto's cabin but their host is nowhere to be seen. As they go looking for him, Paul notices something odd about the song of the local birds... When an explosion at a top-secret government lab injures an elderly janitor, no one could have expected the terrifying results. Exposure to mysterious chemicals causes him to undergo a bizarre transformation. He is slowly... incredibly... growing younger every day. Now, a ruthless CIA assassin will stop at nothing to take him prisoner and turn him into a government guinea pig. With his future on the line, the janitor goes on the run with his wife and a feisty female agent. All the while, he continues to transform... into a being with powers that are as deadly as they are unimaginable. Thirupathi Express' is a clean fun-filled family entertainer, starring Sumanth Shailendra and Kriti Kharbanda in the lead roles. . The film is a travel love story. The family of Sumanth is bound to Tirupathi, while on the journey he meets many characters, turning out to be a roller coaster ride of adventure. What happens when he misses the train, forms the crux of the story. Sam and Barbara have been together for eight years, but the key to their relationship is breaking up. Each time Barbara threatens to leave, Sam would give in and beg her to come back, giving her an increasing upper hand. After their 99th breakup, the couple finally decides to stick through with their relationship and not break up so easily. They plan a future together by running their own cafe. Ironically, the success of the cafe starts driving Sam and Barbara apart, and the 100th breakup between Sam and Barbara seems to be just around the corner. On Manhattan's gilded Upper East Side, a young gay painter is torn between an obsession with his infamous best friend and a promising new romance with an older foreign pianist. The comedy follows Jefferson, a ski-bum temp worker, whose singular joy comes from an annual excursion to the slopes with fellow slacker Curtis. But when Jefferson falls for Stephanie, an ambitious go-getter, he is forced to re-evaluate his priorities. In Raya Martin's thuggish fable of disengagement, a teenage girl grows distant from her parents before possibly vanishing altogether. But this is no angst drama. It's defiance against a kind of ordered existence, treating death like a game, living life in a soft-focus daze, ready to evaporate if pushed far enough. The girl and all the other faceless kids wander numbly in slow motion through the brush, through the parental jabber, only the electronic drone keeping them from losing their bearings.  Shima is an extremely shy young man who just started a new job. On his first day, he shares an elevator with a brash, hungover man named Togawa, who he soon learns is actually his boss. Over time, Shima becomes preoccupied with the Togawa as he tries to decide if it's worth perusing a romantic relationship after a string of disappointments in his love life. Journey into the mind of the undead, as a talking mummy guides us on grand tour of the timeless "battle of the sexes" between man and woman. A cult classic from Executive Producer Richard Gordon, BIZARRE is an offbeat anthology film that certainly defies description. An interesting mix of sex, horror and humor filmed in varied styles, this is certainly one of the strangest films you are ever likely to see. It is truly... BIZARRE! A year after his father's death in Mexico, Victor returns to Buenos Aires with a twofold mission. On the one hand, he brings with him a new project for his former theater company; on the other, he abandons his part as The Princess of France and takes up a new role in front of five actresses who know him all too well, but who don't know that time to work will soon become a time to think again about lost loves. (Rivera Maya Film Festival) A historical saga, based on personal stories and the history of Brda (a region near the border in the west of Slovenia), depicts a bloody history of Europe, full of wars, nationalisms and at the same time cohabitation, which is always personal and common to everyone. Four seasons to tell the fluctuating moods and mores of a small community that shares its daily chores and life experiences in the military base of Fort Buchanan.  In this imagined (perhaps dreamed?) location, peculiar habits respond to the needs of a peculiar environment. Roger, a fragile gay man, and his female companions, trying to cope with the absence of their husbands, go through their own brand of challenges for survival, with their own form of outdoor camaraderie, thought-occupying chat and DIY activities. Roger has a tough daughter who runs him ragged, but he has buddies willing to help: Justine, Denise, Pamela and Claudia-Joy. In the town of Cutter, most people keep to themselves. But when John comes home to find his girlfriend missing, he sneaks into his neighbor's house, finding his girlfriend and several other kidnapped people tied up in the basement. When the neighbor come home, John is forced to get out of the house alive and lead the group to safety. The parents of a soon-to-be married couple make the final preparations for the wedding ceremony. Written and directed by playwright Terry Johnson, the film tells the story of the working and personal relationship between the comedians Peter Cook and Dudley Moore, a hugely popular duo in the UK during the 1960s and 1970s.  Focusing primarily on Cook, the film traces the pair from their first meeting through their career as part of the Beyond the Fringe review, their television series Not Only... But Also (from which the film takes its title) and various other projects before their later estrangement as Moore became a successful Hollywood film star and Cook remained in the UK. Although some events are fictionalised and condensed, and the film was criticised in some quarters for an unsympathetic portrayal of many of Cook's faults, it was generally well-received critically. In the city of Sao Paulo, the routine of gravedigger apprentice Deodato changes when a new working girl arrives at the cemetery. Together, they must re-register the abandoned tombs, but strange events make the apprentice wonder about the consequences of messing with the dead. A few kilometers away from Rome, the sand dunes of Sabaudia, the Circeo marshes and Arpino's mountain waterfalls become the backdrops to fabulous transformations: Callisto is changed into a bear, Jupiter metamorphoses into Diane, Glaucus becomes a sea monster and the nymph Salamachis melds into the body of the young Hermaphrodite. But each of these transformations also plays on those of their performers, thus giving a new twist to Ovid's Metamorphoses, written before and during his exile from the Roman Empire, and questioning the role of gender and identity in our society. Dan and Lou. Martin and Doria. Four youngsters. Two couples who learn to love, to recover and break-up. YOUNG COUPLES talks about love. Of young love. Of crazy love. Passion, emotional crisis. The refusal of a declaration of 'non-love' and the rediscovery of one another. By combining moments of grace, sense of humor and cynicism, we follow the tribulations of these four characters in search of renewal, rebirth. The fate of these two couples, although essentially different, could be the story of a single couple caught up in a passion that is fading away. Played by charismatic personalities, real personalities, these lovers' romantic and passionate destinies wander in a sweltering Paris. Elaine, a beautiful young witch, is determined to find a man to love her. In her gothic Victorian apartment she makes spells and potions, and then picks up men and seduces them. However her spells work too well, and she ends up with a string of hapless victims. When she finally meets the man of her dreams, her desperation to be loved will drive her to the brink of insanity and murder. An ex-con battles it out in the cage to pay for the operation that would save the daughter of his victim. Along the way he finds fatherly love, and friendship, in the most unlikely of places. Part science fiction, part thriller and part cautionary fairytale, Worlds Apart encompasses the universal themes of innocence, friendship and the possible fate of humanity. Set in the not so distant future, Earth is visited by extra terrestrials on a peaceful mission to find sentient life. Landing near a central California farm home, they discover a desolate, polluted world where little life remains. As they search the abandoned farm home, they find a lone teddy bear that emits signs of life. With the aid of their futuristic technology, they extract the memories of the teddy bear and thus unravel the mystery of humanity's demise. Worlds Apart asks the questions, Is there hope for what remains of humanity? Megan Quinn, an aspiring architect, faces multiple tasks - developing her hometown lake into a commercialized entertainment center, forcing Mrs. Frances Figgins, her childhood mentor, out of her family's home, and helping out at her family cafe after her father breaks his leg, all while also dealing with the return of her childhood sweetheart, Joe, who broke her heart. A promise, a girl, and a gangster. A sarcastic loser gets help putting his life back together....against his will. In 1992, on a small island in Hong Kong, a boy fell for Yan crazily searched for her by dozens of unbelievable means. Although every 'Yan' he met turned out to be someone else, they did bring life-changing influences to each other. 22 years later, when the story is finally unveiled, middle-aged Yan is deeply moved. A dissatisfied 20-something seeks life and relationship advice from a retirement-home playboy, with mixed results. After the death of their mother, three foster sisters - the shrewd business woman, the free spirit, and the caregiver - find themselves fighting for their individual dreams and fighting each other in this tale of love, lust, and tragedy. A man who gave up on love. A woman trying to find love. Two strangers, one night. Three high school students experience the perks and pitfalls of love in director Leste Chen's sensitive tale of friendship and yearning. The man behind the legend and a knowing look at the 1950's Hollywood are revealed in this dynamic bioepic of the meteoric star whose troubled life echoed his gut-grabbing performances in East of Eden, Rebel Without A Cause and Giant. Three lighthouse keepers on an uninhabited island off the coast of Scotland discover something that isn't theirs to keep. A powerful and secretive corporation is conducting underground psychic experiments utilizing Digital Direct Drive, otherwise known as DDD. While under the influence of the drug ether, the human subjects are outfitted in rubber suits and bombarded with DDD with extremely intense sound. Though the experiments are successful in unleashing psychic powers in the test subjects, the results are usually fatal. As a result, the corporation attempts to shut down the experiments against the wishes of Motomiya and Hitotsubashi who are in charge of the research. In a desperate attempt to salvage their work, the two researchers take over the lab and hold an innocent secretary hostage while they transform their fellow researcher into an ether addict and use him as the final human guinea pig for their experiments. The result has to be seen to be believed as his psychic powers are unleashed in a wave of ferocity that will leave you breathless. The thing you need the most drives you to unbelievable depths... A millionaire and his wife are shipwrecked after a yachting accident with their former servant, Manuel. "Between Friends" is a stylish, funny ensemble piece set in an upmarket game lodge in South Africa. A group of college friends reunite after 7 years, keen to catch up and rekindle their friendships. But that was then, and this is now. Things get intense after old secrets are revealed and past issues threaten to disrupt present relationships. Vilde (12) wants to be the first female 'Halling' folk dance champion. A traditional dance for men only. Her greatest challenge isn't the competition - she's convinced that her strength and passion for dance and life are helping her beloved grandfather to win his fight against cancer. Multiple love stories unfold in Barcelona during Christmas's Eve. A young man struggles to access sublimated childhood memories. He finds a technique that allows him to travel back into the past, to occupy his childhood body and change history. However, he soon finds that every change he makes has unexpected consequences. A 17 year old finds out that his girlfriend is dying, so he sets out to give her an entire life, in the last year she has left. Film about a collegian woman and the three men who pine for her. In a city where greeting card writers are celebrated like movie stars, Romance writer Ray used to be the king. In trying to recapture the feelings that once made him the greatest, he gets entangled in a web of murder and deceit as writers vie to create the perfect card for a new holiday: Girlfriend's Day. Disarmingly realistic in its depiction of the realities of frontier life, Heartland is a strong antidote to the cliches of traditional Westerns. This semi-documentary slice of life is based on the diaries of Elmore Randall Stewart about her days on the Wyoming frontier in the early 20th century. It's a strongly feminist statement about a woman raising her small daughter alone and scrapping for a living by working for a shy Scottish rancher. Director Richard Pearce brings an endearing touch to a film that is helped greatly by the dazzling cinematography of Fred Murphy. Conchata Ferrell and Rip Torn star in this small film that substitutes veracity for a high-powered plot. TK is a handsome and charming womanizer who runs at the first mention of commitment. His life changes when he meets Skiets, the one woman immune to his charms. A lawyer who doubles up as a musician is looking for the perfect girl for his music video. The one he finds turns out to be perfect in every way. THE DIONTI FAMILY is a lyrical family drama, infused with magic realism, about a father and the two sons he is bringing up alone. It depicts a striking part of the Brazilian countryside, rarely seen in cinema and tells a universally engaging tale about first love, loss and personal transformation. A young man raised by scientists on Mars returns to Earth to find his father. Independent TV producer Shin-Hye (UHM Jung-Hwa), self-assured housewife Mi-Yeon (MOON So-Ri), and single mom Hae-Young (JO Min-Soo) are a tight-knit group of 40-something friends going through the ups and downs of their lives and loves in modern day Seoul. This racy comedy is the latest from director KWON Chil-in, known for his frank portrayals of relationships and women's sexuality. A chaotic Bridget Jones meets a snobbish lawyer, and he soon enters her world of imperfections. Ted is not a zombie. Just ask him. Sure, he picked up a "skin thing" on his vacay in The Caribbean, and he's hungering for brains, but who isn't? Anyway, things are bound to get better when Ted inherits his grandpa's fortune; all he's gotta do is wait for the old man to die. In the meantime, in case things weren't strange enough, Ted follows a hot vampire into group therapy where the patients all suffer disorders of the paranormal. Yep. Things just went from weird to wacky. Based on a true story, over 76 hours of a successful military operation conducted in the Piochar region of Swat district, Yalghaar goes up close to follow the lives of the young, passionate officers and soldiers whose patriotism is throbbing with every heartbeat for their country (Pakistan). Pauls a lonely man. Locked up in his desolate life he struggles to face reality. He's forced to change his views when it's too late. Dane Granger is a 25 year old lesbian from a small town in Indiana who has always dreamed big. She reaches for the stars and happened to fall hard for the hometown sweetheart Grace Harper. Grace has demons. Dane has demons. And their demons are hellbent on destroying each other. Dane slips into madness and heartbreak in this self discovery story. Falling in love can be the most painful experience in life.  When a thirty-something 'suit' breaks into a music festival to retrieve his stolen belongings, he ends up finding love and freedom instead. Everything seems normal at a hockey arena until the roof, straining under the weight of the ice and snow that has built up, finally gives way, collapsing on top of the fans and players below. Many are killed in the tragic accident, but a few survive, trapped under tons of snow and steel. Can they hold out long enough for the rescue teams to reach them? Kate, Anton, and Keith, three young artists in New York's art scene of the early 1980s. An intimate glimpse into the creative and emotional lives of the young and carefree. They party, photograph, paint, sing, and play their way through the clubs and lofts of Alphabet City. The party ends in 1984 when Anton and Keith contract a mysterious illness known as the "gay cancer." As her music career takes off, Kate tries to save her friends. Based on the award-winning play and popular Israeli short story, this poignant family drama follows Rivka, 19-years-old and strong-willed, who struggles to follow the conservative lifestyle of her ultra-orthodox parents in Jerusalem. Determined to break free from her parents' rigid worldview, she runs away to a secular farming community in the desert. The decision pushes the two generations to confront the chasm between their stringent views of tradition and modernity. Bishu got a phone call from Farid Chowdhury that a young man is coming to stop his daughter's marriage ceremony. Bishu is contracted to stop him coming to the marriage ceremony. In the summer of 1993, timid and shy Zhou Xiao Zhi meets her table partner. Sitting in the classroom's infamous back row is troublemaker Lin Yi. They go through junior high, high school, and college years together. Lin Yi said to Zhou Xiaozhi: "One day, I'll take you to a place that only belongs to us." Fast forward ten years... In the near future, where government regulations are so restrictive our most intimate acts are considered acts of rebellion, Nora tries to break out of a lifetime of strict thought and sexual repression before it's too late. A university professor gradually succumbing to blindness is entranced by an obsessive love, in this modern-day adaptation of a classic Korean fairy tale. Bollywood 2014 Benny Berdino, the owner of Europe's biggest circus, has a dream. To make sure that his dynasty will carry on, he hopes that his grandson, Patrick Berdino, and the award winning circus artist Merrylu Casselly will marry and one day carry on Circus Arena. With their looks and skills they would be the perfect match. Everything seems to be going according to plan, as Patrick and Merrylu has moved into their own Caravan. But his dream is threatened, because mixing love and business is difficult and the Casselly Family is offered a lucrative contract from the biggest circus in the world, Ringling Brothers, in USA. Dunno Y2 Life is a moment is a love story between two men, one from Pakistan and one from India, who meet in a gay sauna in Oslo. The film is based on the resources individuals bring up when the culture and traditions puts limits of what you can and can not choose in life. The film is about identity, choice, communication and movement - and the love as enormous driving force. A Coca-Cola bottle dropped from an airplane raises havoc among a normally peaceful tribe of African bushmen who believe it to be a utensil of the gods. This is the story of Angelica, a 17 year-old girl who's battling a rare kind of cancer called Myelodysplastic Syndrome, her struggles to try to live a normal life, and her hopes of finding her first true love before it's too late. A Defeated People is a 1946 British documentary short film made by the Crown Film Unit, directed by Humphrey Jennings and narrated by William Hartnell. The film depicts the shattered state of Germany, both physically and as a society, in the immediate aftermath of World War II. The narration explains what is being done - and what needs to be done - both by the occupying Allied forces and the German people themselves to build a better Germany from the ruins. Hans Wagner lives in a small apartment, taking pills and drinking whiskey to fight his anxiety disorders. When he runs out of both his drugs one day, he has no choice but travel to the supermarket sober. An unexpected adventure begins . Dolf is a regular guy from a modest background in Knysna. He is content with his normal small town existence, his group of friends and his eccentric grandparents. His life is thrown upside down when he falls for a beautiful stranger Stephanie, a somewhat wealthy visitor to the sleepy coastal resort. What she has not been honest about, is that she is engaged to the Prince of Lichtenstein, but has a cold feet, and is hiding out in Knysna. Stephanie is drawn to the simplicity of Dolf's life and yearns for her own to be as uncomplicated and away from the limelight. When the lie becomes apparent, Dolf is conflicted. He is in love with Stephanie, but also feels an inferiority complex come to the fore. She is just a girl wanting a guy to love her and for her to love him back. When they discover that they are pregnant, a young couple in Hanoi resort to desperate (and bizarre) measures to raise money for an abortion. A mysterious video falls into the hands of a troupe of reporters following an accident involving three thirty-something year olds - two men and a woman. The video chronicles the lives of the trio one week prior, during their road-trip through the French Riviera to shoot a commercial. Shot in the style of found footage - sometimes with an iPhone - this innovative film touts itself as the first "selfie" movie. But, this isn't a cheeky jab at today's culture of obsessive self-documentation. Director Lorenzo Corvino's debut film was born out of a desire to capture the spirit and frustrations of Generation X, the post baby boomers who inherited the economic crisis of the prior generation and who now struggle to compete with the increasingly tech-savvy younger generations. - Vivian Yuen Courageous Love follows Alex Shelby as he encounters romance and intrigue while trying to save the family business that he recently inherited. While working undercover at the New York City branch office he falls in love with an employee named Michelle. Alex must make a difficult decision to save his company from impending collapse or to follow his heart. Aanmodderfakker is a coming-of-age film, but 15 years too late. The film is about the 32-year old student Thijs who fils his life with beer, chicks and working in a large electronics store. But then something grows between Thijs and Lisa, the 16-year old baby-sitter at Thijs' sister.   Hee-Soo (Kim Sun-Young) is a popular songwriter with numerous hits, but she is going through a dry spell. She wonders if she lost her inspiration, because she is lonely. Hee-Soo then meets a boy (Byun Joon-Suk) in the elevator of an apartment building. She notices his stares. Hee-Soo feels a new song coming about.  On the pretext of giving the boy music lessons, Hee-Soo gives the boy a lesson in love. As time passes, the boy falls for her more and more and Hee-Soo's song is almost completed. At this time, Joon-Ho, who taught her about love and music, returns. A woman's schizophrenia affects her relationships with her husband and son. Sang-min is living in Hyung-min's house. One day, Hyung-min brings home his girlfriend So-mi and says she'll be living with her. So-mi looks younger than Sang-min and he witnesses his brother impose physical violence on her. Actually, Hyung-min had brought her home because she had nowhere else to go after the stocks crashed and he was paying off her debts. She'd put her hands on Bitcoin once again and he was only trying to persuade her out of it, but Sang-min had gotten the wrong idea. So-mi was sad and drunk and Sang-min ends up having sex with her. Hyung-min witnesses this, but pretends not to know. Sang-min slowly abandons his girlfriend, Jung-hyun, who comes to his house because she can't get a hold of him. Alone at home, Sang-min tells her about his relationship with So-mi and makes a secret suggestion. Balan, a columnist, falls in love with his schoolmate, Sheela. What happens when Balan comes to know that Sheela is in a relationship with Rahul? Dr. Lauren Slaughter, a research fellow at the Arab-Anglo Institute in London is utterly frustrated by her job. To supplement her income, she starts moonlighting at the Jasmine Escort Service, where she has more control over men and money than she does at the office. On one of her 'dates', Lauren meets the politician Lord Bulbeck who is trying to mediate a peace accord between the Arabs and Israelis. Bulbeck falls in love with his escort, and unwittingly, Lauren becomes a pawn in some very dirty politics. Werner Herzog's exploration of the Internet and the connected world. The story of Pune via Bihar has the two states of Maharashtra and Bihar in the backdrop. The film is about the difference of opinion between two cultures. It does not make any political statement and is basically a love-story that depicts the bloodless struggle of a couple to unite with each other Banerjee stars as Ram Das, a jobless Indian man who, tired of life in Calcutta, steals money from his father in order to afford a passage to Britain and while there, falls in love with a white woman. A volatile young married couple moves from Los Angeles to Vermont in search of a geographical marriage fix.   An unromantic comedy about the perils of staying together when you should really be apart. Heitor is a bachelor who shoots fancy weddings for a living, but gets in trouble when he meets Penelope, a woman desperate to stop her lover's wedding. Jagjinder Joginder, a wedding planner, brings together the dysfunctional family of businessman Bipin Arora while making arrangements for Bipin's daughter's destination wedding in London. After the death of his partner, a man discovers on the Internet that the latter had virtual relations with another man. A punk infused love story of two street skaters, August and Beto, and their last day on earth: they're gonna end it. Based on the autobiographical novel, the tempestuous 6-year relationship between Liberace and his (much younger) lover, Scott Thorson, is recounted. Set in the island Kinmen, often seen as the most dangerous military base because it's geographically close to China, "Paradise in Service" follows the adventure of a boy who serves his military service in Unit 831 from 1969 to 1972, in preparation for a war that could erupt anytime. Through an unlucky lottery draw result, Pao, a twenty-something young man from Southern Taiwan has to serve the military in the remote and perilous Kinmen. Moreover, he is assigned to the Sea Dragon (ARB), a unit noted for the toughest physical training. It never occurs to Pao, however, that the greatest challenge in his military service lies not in the Sea Dragon but in Unit 831, a special task he is later appointed to... In this peculiar assignment, Pao vows to keep his virginity against all odds. Handsome but backward gardener Tim Melville has a new woman in his life. She is Mary, his widowed employer, a woman who had given up on love until she had found Tim. At first they are friends. But soon they become lovers, as Mary, drawn to Tim's innocence and magnetism, begins to teach him all about life - and love. A tale of a vulnerable, unsuspecting woman on a trail of rebuilding her shattered life. Barbara is a Bolivian woman who has been in Barcelona for twelve years. She works as a maid and lives with her girlfriend Maribel. One day, her mother informs her that they have arrested Ulises, her eldest son, and Barbara decides to bring him to live with her. A teenage girl moves with her father for the summer to Stillwater, Minnesota. She meets two misfit kids and together they work to unearth a secret the town hides. A top surgeon is besotted with a beautiful woman who once rebuffed him. Unable to come to terms with life without her, he tries to convince her that they need each other. She has other ideas, but a horrific accident leaves her at his mercy. 1930s Korea, in the period of Japanese occupation, a young woman is hired as a handmaiden to a Japanese heiress who lives a secluded life on a large countryside estate with her domineering uncle. But, the maid has a secret: she is a pickpocket recruited by a swindler posing as a Japanese count to help him seduce the heiress to elope with him, rob her of her fortune, and lock her up in a madhouse. The plan seems to proceed according to plan until the women discover some unexpected emotions. The story of one man not only battling the bottle, but the city that won't let him put it down. Matt falls for Casey, the new girl in school. She's fun-loving and eccentric, but there's a darkness to her whimsy that Matt can't begin to comprehend. When Casey attempts to commit suicide, her parents place her in a mental institution. Matt springs her out, and together the young lovers head on a road trip. They believe their love can "cure" Casey's problems. Matt starts to wonder, though, if are they inspired or misguided. An anthology feature film that will honestly explore the ups and downs and intricacies of love and romance within the L.G.B.T. community, a drama that will make you laugh, and a comedy that will bring tears to your eyes. It's a film that will prove no matter what community you belong to; life and love are always confusing. In EVOL (love spelled backwards), the audience is voyeur, peering into the delirious and erotic dreams of a young man (Oursler). We drift with him through anecdotes that poke fun at the disparity between the culturally accepted stereotypes of sex and love we are taught as children and the realities we discover in adult life. Single mum Meera is an Australian of Indian origin. Smart and independent, she has carved out a successful life for herself and her daughter...despite family pressure to find a 'nice Indian match'. Then Meera meets Will, a blonde, blue-eyed Aussie charmer. But falling in love with an Australian is not only scandalous - it's unIndian! Does she do what her family wishes, or follow her heart? Fresh off a recent break-up, a woman catches an early menopause, but manages to heal herself mentally and physically through a new love. This is the story of young Tony Cannelloni as he attempts to break away from his overbearing mom and strike out on his own. He sets himself up with a new apartment, look, and lifestyle to improve his "sex appeal". Through a series of encounters with a variety of women he gets ever closer to achieving his goal. However, a never-ending series of calamities always seem to interrupt his progress. Sonia breaks the perhaps most exciting time of her life, because the 20-year-old moves to Berlin for a mathematics study. Once there, she soon began to build up a new circle of friends, and then she fell in love with the kind, but irresponsible Ladja. There is only one big catch: the dear money is a bit scarce and therefore Sonia one day, financially, but also from curiosity, the path to prostitution. From now on, it leads a brisk double flight, which can fly at any time. Her experiences are ambivalent, as part-time she often gets into difficult situations, but also gets to know nice people, while she enjoys life just as a student. But how long can it maintain the double game? A story of three couples and their intertwining love stories set in 1940s Taiwan and Shanghai, centered around the 1949 sinking of Taiping. Passions re-ignite and secrets revealed when a graphic designer reconnects with the great, lost love of his life for a weekend tryst at a house in the desert near Joshua Tree. Silong follows the story of a Doctor Miguel Cascarro (Piolo Pascual) who finds a troubled and mysterious girl named Valerie (Rhian Ramos) lying in the middle of a road. He welcomes her into his home and takes care of her, until an intimate relationship blossoms between them. Will this romance heal their scars from the past, or will it cut deeper wounds? An exploration of aspects of love: a married couple constantly meeting for rendezvous; a middle-aged man who insists on his dates wearing something from his deceased wife wardrobe; and a poor foreign girl who dreams of settling down with "the right man". This colorful adventure tells the story of an impetuous mermaid princess named Ariel who falls in love with the very human Prince Eric and puts everything on the line for the chance to be with him. Memorable songs and characters -- including the villainous sea witch Ursula. A woman, a man, two cultures and years separating them: will Adriana and Mohamed overcome the prejudices of the world around them? A sincere love story in the heart of Southern Italy. While evaluating her for his $100,000 grant, Thomas Stevens, a multimillionaire falls for the pastry chef that he believes stole his mother's bakery. It has been three months since Nott become full of sadness and suffering like he has never been. It's because that one night which cause him to lose Pla his beloved girlfriend in the motorcycle accident. He wants to forget but cannot, his hear is full of guilt and sorrow and almost burst with grief. The only way for him to get through this is to meet Pla again in her afterlife, so he tries to find a way to see ghost. Karen stands to inherit millions from her dead husband on one condition: she must stay away from other men. Two of the deceased's former associates seek his money by getting closer to Karen, not knowing that doing so places the fortune out of reach. License at 80 ( Zhang Jingchu ) , after waking up one morning , walked leisurely into Civil Affairs and had a flash marriage. On the way back even a BMW collided with a double whammy , home of the license was starting to review their sad sad one place : youth is gone , her husband derailment, cleanse the family , the vehicle was destroyed .  Kang wealthy few ( Kenji Wu ) to permit the emergence of life hit a shot in the arm , in helpless staged a " foreign land refresher ," the idea that drama , the both of them repeatedly in the territories, license step by step this boy was found behind uninhibited look soft and delicate heart , but a glance at his flat chest and the elderly on account of this , the license has been reluctant to react , but who knows hitting girlfriends hairy ( Zhu beadwork ) love at first sight . Young Min and Mi Young are young couple who get married after graduating from college. Following the honeymoon period, they begin to bicker with each other. While waiting for her husband at a cafe one day, Mi Young bumps into her ex-boss. Young Min sees this and gets the wrong idea. As they struggle to make their marriage work, Young Min and Mi Young gradually understand what love really is. Young man from Kansas goes to New York to work for his tycoon-hero. His superiors won't listen to his ideas about business, but the boss and his daughter do. Sara and Brian live an idyllic life with their young son and daughter. But their family is rocked by sudden, heartbreaking news that forces them to make a difficult and unorthodox choice in order to save their baby girl's life. The parents' desperate decision raises both ethical and moral questions and rips away at the foundation of their relationship. Their actions ultimately set off a court case that threatens to tear the family apart, while revealing surprising truths that challenge everyone's perceptions of love and loyalty and give new meaning to the definition of healing. The horror film Skinned Deep begins when a family suffers a flat tire on a barren stretch of road with only a diner dotting the landscape. They meet Granny, the seemingly nice old woman who runs the establishment, but they soon find that she is the leader of a deranged clan. The family is slain, with the exception of their teenage daughter, Tina whom one of the sons in the family, Brain (a boy with an externalized brain much larger than his head), takes a romantic interest in. Soon a group of bikers show up, forcing the girl to figure out which group of crazies she should throw in with in order to stay alive. This is the story of an encounter. An encounter between a groupie and the rock star she has always worshipped, This is a story of fascination and despair. She has loved him for many years, idolized his every move, lived for his songs. He is a shell. Scarred, alcoholic and paranoid, ruined by success. They find each other one morning, in a hotel room. He needs to be saved and all she wants is to protect him. Pia, a typical "Mumbai" girl, makes her first ever day trip to Delhi and agrees to meet a possible match for marriage on her mother's insistence. She lands in Delhi determined to reject the guy after meeting him because after all he's from "Delhi". However, as it turns out she loses her phone while fighting with an auto driver and meets Goli Kohli, a witty "Delhi" boy who grudgingly agrees to help her. One thing leads to another and they end up spending the entire day together. They fight, they argue, they laugh and share a lifetime of emotions in one day. When they meet in the morning they are strangers with strong biases about Mumbai &amp; Delhi, when they part in the evening, the biases have turned into affection for each other's quirks and finally, love. 'Social Suicide' is an investigative thriller examining what it really takes to get noticed on the Internet today. Loosely based on Romeo and Juliet, the police investigate what happened to these two teenagers before it's too late by trolling through their relationship history through social media. Plagued by terrifying nightmares, Francesca finds herself waking up in tears. Her Grandfather explains the legend of The Somnambulists - the spirits of people wronged in life possessing the living in their dreams. To make matters worse, the sleepy little town Francesca lives in is being terrorized by a deranged serial killer. As Francesca loses her grip on reality, she begins to realize that the legend of The Somnambulists may be more than just a legend. On a vacation to Paris, a young photographer meets and falls for a French girl who invites him to experience more of what France has to offer. Paul is preparing to leave Tajikistan, while thinking back on his adolescent years. His childhood, his mother's madness, the parties, the trip to the USSR where he lost his virginity, the friend who betrayed him and the love of his life. Facing deportation, a young man desperately seeks money from a loan shark to pay for his fraudulent marriage. Kate Mayer seems to have it all: a nice suburban house, two loving children and a devoted husband. But Kate is anything but happy. She is disappointed not only with her marriage, but with her entire life. In her pursuit of happiness, this frustrated mother files for divorce and gets her first-ever job, working in a small real estate agency. To complicate matters, Kate finds herself strongly attracted to her kindhearted boss, Mac. The surprising twist? Mac happens to be a woman. Will Kate have the courage to risk following her heart? It's one woman's emotional journey of self-discovery. In the midst of the wedding princess Miroslava is kidnapped by a dragon and carried away into his castle on the remote island. Mira left everything behind in the past - family, friends and groom. Now the only things she had were a stone cage and a mysterious young man named Arman ... but who is he and what is he doing on that island? Miroslava will know the truth too late: loving a dragon will reveal the bitter truth - love is scary. A domestic comedy about a couple who take in boarders to pay the rent on their large house. To find Ilona and unlock the secrets of her disappearance, Karas must plunge deep into the parallel worlds of corporate espionage, organized crime and genetic research - where the truth imprisons whoever finds it first and miracles can be bought but at a great price. Gabriell is a single mother, her 17-year-old daughter Claire is pregnant, however the child's father Simon has no desire to be involved with his future baby. When Gabrielle takes matters into her own hands and asks Simon's father Ange for help, an unexpected relationship begins.  FBI agent Barney Coopersmith is assigned to protect former Mafia figure turned informant Vincent Antonelli. In the witness protection program one is supposed to keep a low profile, but that is something that Antonelli has trouble doing. Coopersmith certainly has his hands full keeping Antonelli away from the Mafia hitmen who want to stop him testifying, not to mention the nightclubs... Until Forever: The Michael Boyum Story is a powerful, true account of one young man's courageous battle with leukemia and his journey of faith. Sarcastic & complicated Jessie and her free-spirited girlfriend, Alex couldn't be any more different from each other, but cupid's arrow is blind, and it was love at first sight. After a year of dating paradise, things go awry when Jessie's parents, who are unaware that Alex is a girl, arrive to town for their anniversary. At a crossroads, she must decide between revealing her sexuality to her parents, or losing the love of her life. There live a couple known as '100-year-old lovebirds'. As fairy tale's characters, the husband is strong like a  woodman, and the wife is full of charms like a princess. They dearly love each other wearing Korean traditional clothes all the time, and still fall asleep hand in hand. However, the death, quietly and like a thief, sit between them. This film starts from this moment, and follows the last moments of 76 years of their marriage. Ibrahim falls in love with Alexander, a blond, blue eyed German criminal and show wrestler who is straight - an impossible friendship that surpasses the both of them. Two young women do their best to try and save their dead aunt's bakery With passion, wit, intelligence and attitude, an LGBTQ youth theater group creates a play about love in all its forms, while bonding together to make change in their own lives. With candor, they tell their stories through intimate interviews, entertaining and powerful clips of their self-written plays, and glimpse into their everyday lives. Members range from a transgender woman being kicked out of her home, to a runway model who likes men's clothing, to an out gay man accepted unconditionally by his mother. The plays they write and perform are close to their experiences and not only provide catharsis but insight into what it means to be gay, lesbian, transgender, or just queer. It's an inspirational work of art about the hardships one faces in realizing that they are different and the courage it takes to find the pride within that. - Nina Zheng Stan and Jenny have been each other's secret crush since high school. When they meet again years later, the fantasy of first love may keep them apart. Hoping to reclaim who she was before marriage and children, an empty nester retreats to Cape Cod where she embarks upon a quest to set herself free. The film is about Joy (Shakib Khan) who is engaged to his cousin Mithu(Mimo). But he promises his grandfather that he will not tie the knot before he finds his missing aunt and uncle. In search of his missing relatives, he goes to Malaysia, where he meets Jara(Jaya) who is a UN employee. They become familiar with each other and Jara helps Joy find his aunt. Joy, appreciative of her companionship and help, falls for Jara. To avoid him, Jara gets involved with another man Shakib(Arefin Shuvo). In this situation, the climax of the film comes down between responsibility towards family, relatives and love affairs. With no place to live, two strangers are stuck house sitting together. At odds, Mary and Homer soon realize the gravity of their situation and the necessity of joining forces, making money and pulling themselves out of the emotional hole they have lived in for years. This grounded romantic dramedy explores the hidden issues we all bury beneath the surface in a raw and touching way with humor and honesty. The cast includes, Josh McDermitt from The Walking Dead, Jim O'Heir from Parks and Recreation, Adam Lustick from Harvard Sailing Team, and Fortune Feimster from Chelsea Lately. Life in Color marks Katharine Emmer's directorial debut. She also wrote, produced, edited and stars in the film. Muslim prince Ali and Georgian aristocrat Nino have grown up in the Russian province of Azerbaijan. Their tragic love story sees the outbreak of the First World War and the world's struggle for Baku's oil. Ultimately they must choose to fight for their country's independence or for each other. An art dramatic teacher, with melancholic eyes and some sort of charge over his shoulders, manages El Sotano Club by the nights, a comedy pub and gives comedy classes to other adult people by the day. All his life changes when he meets a very special student that breaks with all his schemas. Love, that strange thing. Transfixed tells the story of highly unconventional romance: Martine Stonehouse and John Gelmone are middle-aged underdogs, living with Asperger Syndrome - an autism spectrum disorder that makes communication with others extremely difficult. Despite their social limitations, both dream of getting married, but straight identifying John refuses to tie the knot until transsexual Martine gets a real vagina. The only problem: no doctor in Canada will perform operation because Martine's obesity makes her too great of a surgical risk. Will Martine and John find the happiness together that they deserve? Transfixed is a deeply human story about love, freedom, and self-actualization. Cady Heron is a hit with The Plastics, the A-list girl clique at her new school, until she makes the mistake of falling for Aaron Samuels, the ex-boyfriend of alpha Plastic Regina George. Bobby just needs to deal with his wife's death, so he retreats to an old family cottage. His grief is disrupted when she comes back to haunt him, forcing him to confront what it really means to live, love, and lose. This is a documentary about being in love, falling out of love and the fragility of human bonds. It is very intimate, like a diary or a conversation overheard by chance. A documentary about the Enron corporation, its faulty and corrupt business practices, and how they led to its fall. It is the beginning of a love story between a groupie and a contract killer who cross one night by chance in a hotel room where the two are staying. Cam Girlz enters the world of webcam sex workers who find economic freedom, empowerment, intimacy and creative self expression from the comfort of their own homes. Bridger is a young outsider who's always wanted more. He and his mother flee an abusive home, eventually finding a small town in the middle of nowhere. Once there, Bridger finds true acceptance with another misfit. Gyun-woo is having difficulty forgetting the sassy girl. He then reunites with his childhood sweetheart, an elementary school classmate from China who was often teased about her broken Korean. They marry despite family opposition, and Gyun-woo has no idea what marriage has in store for him. Florence and Vincent Leroy are a model couple. They have great jobs, a perfect marriage and delightful children. And now they want their divorce to be an equal success. But when they are both simultaneously promoted to their dream jobs, their relationship becomes a nightmare. From that moment on, the gloves are off, the two exes declare war and will do everything in their power to NOT have custody of their children. Despite grumpy 59 year-old Ove being deposed as president of his condominium association, but he keeps looking over the neighbourhood with an iron fist. When pregnant Parvaneh and her family move into the terraced house opposite Ove and she accidentally back into Ove's mailbox, it sets off a series of unexpected changes in his life. Middle-aged Ohio secretary Jane Hudson has never found love and has nearly resigned herself to spending the rest of her life alone. But before she does, she uses her savings to finance a summer in romantic Venice, where she finally meets the man of her dreams, the elegant Renato Di Rossi. But when she learns that her new paramour is leading a double life, she must decide whether her happiness can come at the expense of others. The love of two young artists is put to the test when unsympathetic adults force the couple into isolation. Louise, a widow with two children, almost crushes a stranger with her car. She takes care of him, even if he's not really wounded. It turns out that he has mental disorders and that they can help each other much more than they thought. Bahaddur is a 2014 Indian Kannada language film directed by Chethan Kumar and produced by R. Srinivas. It stars Dhruva Sarja and Radhika Pandit in the lead roles. The supporting cast features P. Ravi Shankar, Achyuth Kumar, Jai Jagadish and Srinivasa Murthy. The film released on October 3, 2014, in 7.1 surround sound, the first in Kannada cinema. The breakout of the war shatters the world of a young student, Lyudmila Pavlichenko, forcing her to enlist in the army in 1941. The maiden turns out to be a natural-born sniper, her impressive skill and prowess make her stand out among men and women alike. Seeing Pavlichenko as a tangible threat, the German High Command gives orders to eliminate the girl whatever the cost. In the meanwhile, Lyudmila meets a man and falls in love. War fades into the background... Soon, however, another misfortune befalls Lyudmila leaving the man she loves on the brink of death and herself seriously wounded. The girl is pulled out of combat and later goes to the United States with a publicity visit. Eleanor Roosevelt welcomes Lyudmila in the White House and the two women soon become close. It won't be long before Pavlichenko stands before an audience in Chicago pressing for a second front. Will her words have the capacity to change the course of war? What would you do if you could change the past? Scholars debate whether the Star of Bethlehem is a legend created by the early church or a miracle that marked the advent of Christ. Is it possible that the star was a real, astronomical event? From Producer Stephen McEveety (The Passion of the Christ) comes an amazing documentary on the Star of Bethlehem. Documentary - What's the secret to a happy marriage?  That's the question my new husband and I set out to answer when we started making a documentary.  Through the process I hoped that we would find the key to our own marital bliss...  Things didn't go exactly according to plan...  Kate Schermerhorn An egoistic wealthy man becomes a cop to settle a score, but gets into a feud with a local politician. Vida and Arthur come from vastly different backgrounds. Sensitive and touching, sometimes quirky and tragic, always uncompromisingly truthful, a fresh look how conflicting family ties challenge love in a modern day Romeo and Juliet tale. Love Among the Ruins is a spoof about the miraculous discovery and restoration of a long lost Italian silent film. The film connects a contemporary filmmaker with the genius of the Lumini brothers, two cinematic icons who have been almost overlooked in the history of cinema. Based on the famous book by Jules Verne the movie follows Phileas Fogg on his journey around the world. Which has to be completed within 80 days, a very short period for those days. Fed up with coordinating weddings for everyone else, unlucky-in-love event planner Mo turns to the internet to see if she can find her own Mr. Right. Ctrl+Alt+Dance is about Colin, a risk-averse computer tech, who falls for happy-go-lucky jazz dancer Jillian but is in danger of losing it all when a disgruntled hacker threatens to expose a hidden secret. Bruno is an architect who has a perfect life: A nice family and a good job. Anyway, Bruno has a deep sense of unease. He decides to leave his wife to be alone and have time to find him self. A business man offers him to build an iconic landmark in Santiago city. Motivated by this professional challenge, Bruno feels he can find a twist in his life by a vocational route. He start working with a young history teacher named Fer (29) who is agile, energetic, captivating and gay. Starts between them an unexpected and intense romance. At this point he must decide his path. The biggest learning: simplicity is the best way to get up again. A group of friends in the South confront the pressure of settling down and an unwillingness to grow up. Nina Maria Azara is the beautiful and alluring singing spy for Spain during the Napoleonic Wars. Her mission is to seduce French Officers, in order for them to reveal Napolean's intentions toward Spain. She is sent to Bayonne, France to gather military secrets. Prior to this, she meets, Don Diego while performing at a club. Unknown to her, Don Diego is actually Captain Andre, who is sent to Spain to spy on her. While in France, Nina discovers Diego's true identity, only after she has fallen in love with him. Nina Maria outwits her potential captors and returns to Spain, and goes into hiding. Napoleon's troops invade Spain, resulting in Nina's capture. In a strange twist of fate, Nina and Captain Andre are reunited, but, the 2 nations are now at war... Written by Kelly A young woman is brought to Baguio by her new stepfather. While she struggles with her new family and surroundings, she finds herself torn between two young men who bring passion into her life. Happy, beautiful and independent, Veronica enjoys being a mistress. No commitment, no strings and she never has to be vulnerable. She has carefully laid every brick in the walls of the fortress surrounding her heart. She's safe and having a great time. However, there is one person who knew her heart before those walls were erected, her best friend Brandon, who has stood by her for too many years to count. And while Veronica has tried to keep her feelings at bay, he is the one who holds the key that opens her Pandora's box of emotions. After being gone for a decade, a country star returns home to the love he left behind. Will Henry is a newly single graphic novelist balancing being a parent to his young twin daughters and teaching a classroom full of college students, all the while trying to navigate the rich complexities of new love and letting go of the woman who left him. A diverse cast of characters deals with life changing issues in a variety of stories tied together by the location they all pass through. Successful businessman Charles Kruschen (Donald Pilon) is accused of bludgeoning to death his beautiful but manipulative model wife Magdalene (Elke Sommer). As the trial draws to a close, Charles reflects on the events leading up to the terrible incident... Polar opposites meet and fall in love, but it isn't long before their relationship is on the rocks. In order to get through the holiday season without too much drama they decide to pretend they are still a couple, but their plan takes an unexpected turn. The French American is a drama film directed by Darla Rae In the small town of Boone, North Carolina, Jonathan Caviness has a meaningful life complete with close friends and a fulfilling career. Yet something is still missing. With an unexpected phone call from Jonathan's high school sweetheart, Elizabeth Stratford steps back into his life. He travels back to his home town Jena, Louisiana to visit her, giving him a glimpse of what it is he might have been missing. But the burning question is, 'Why is she back after all these years?' David Aames has it all: wealth, good looks and gorgeous women on his arm. But just as he begins falling for the warmhearted Sofia, his face is horribly disfigured in a car accident. That's just the beginning of his troubles as the lines between illusion and reality, between life and death, are blurred. shaw production A veteran soap opera star retires to a beach house with her publicist and partner, but her Early Onset Alzheimer's will strain the couple's relationship until they find the strength to redefine themselves and what they mean to one another. In a series of life events, a group of young adults expressed their love, desires, and secrets in ways they didn't imagine they could. On a cruise to celebrate their parents' 30th wedding anniversary, a brother and sister deal with the impact of family considerations on their romantic lives. Mamachan is a forty-year-old man, who gets involved in politics due to his father. He becomes a national leader and contests for elections. In the course of his work, he meets a young girl and falls in love with her. As fate would have it, she turns out to be the daughter of the woman he loved in his youth. Molly and Terry Donahue, plus their three children, are The Five Donahues. Son Tim meets hat-check girl Vicky and the family act begins to fall apart. A lonely parking enforcement officer comes home after a hard day to find an angry, half-naked woman in his bedroom. Things only get more complicated from there. Shiva Rama Raju (Jagapati Babu), a noted good Samaritan in Parvatipuram who has a bet with Veerraju (Supreet) in the same village that "if any of his 3 daughters fall in love he will either kill them or cut down his ears" and he takes a vow that he will marry off his daughters to the grooms of his choice, neither love marriage nor elopement. Kavita (Rakul Preet Singh) is his third daughter. Raju (Manchu Manoj) is a wayward youth who is in deeply in love with an English teacher Sunny (Sunny Leone) in a junior college. Kavita is one of Sunny's students. Raju uses Kavita as courier to love Sunny; as the things proceed, Raju and Kavita fall in love. The rest of the story is all about what happens when they want to get married. Five best friends from college reunite 10 years later for a wild bachelorette weekend in Miami. Their hard partying takes a hilariously dark turn when they accidentally kill a male stripper. Amidst the craziness of trying to cover it up, they're ultimately brought closer together when it matters most. The paths of a man and a woman, who have both been recently divorced from their spouses, intersect at an art exhibition in London. Gaetano and Delia, a separated couple, try to pick up the pieces of their broken love, recalling all the faults and the mistakes which led them to where they are now. When her mother makes a shocking request, sheltered Ava struggles with reality, escaping into a dream world where she summons up old friends and long forgotten desires. Two emotionally charged love triangles collide as Elena accompanies her photographer husband on a work trip, falling for the sublime beauty of Patagonia and the man who guides them through it. Meanwhile, Albert, a director returning home to Los Angeles, adjusts to being a single father in the wake of his failing marriage. After a bitter divorce, Teresa embarks on a noir journey to recover custody of her daughter. Murder, blackmail, and a mysterious stranger await her at a Scottsdale motel. Film starring Badekilla Pradeep Maggie is an uptight, single mother and college writing teacher from New York City. In an effort to reconnect with her troubled teen daughter Summer, she decides to embark on a journey to a Tuscan village where she frequented in her younger days. Upon arrival, Maggie runs into Luca a handsome former lover who is still a bachelor and lives with his eighty-year-old mother Carmen. Summer (missing her "bad boy" boyfriend in NYC) and Carmen (secretly planning a wedding against Luca's wishes to MARCELINO, her one true love in Rome) impulsively steal Luca's car and race off to Rome. Maggie and Luca quickly pursue allowing the two mismatched couples to spend some time together and develop a new understanding of each other. Set in Shizuoka and Tokyo, Japan in the late 1980's. Takkun (Shota Matsuda) is a university student in Shizuoka attempting to find a job. Mayu (Atsuko Maeda) is a dental hygienist. They meet through a blind date and begin to date, but Takkun finds a job in Tokyo and goes there. They begin a long distance relationship, but their relationship breaks down. Mike is stuck in a rut. Same routine every day; get up go to work and try to not get too annoyed by his idiot housemate Pete. Things take an unexpected turn however when Maddie shows up in his life.  A novelist with writer's block reaches into the supernatural for inspiration. How happy and proud they are those two ladies back in Oporto! Thanks to them, their bright nephew can study medicine in Lisbon and may already have become a doctor. Little do they know, not only Vasco wastes all his time drinking, dancing and picking up girls but he has just failed his final exam! And in that same day, he receives an email from the two aunts announcing their visit to Lisbon! Will he be able to make them believe he is such a good student as they think? Passengers on an ocean liner can't recall how they got onboard or where they are going. Soon it becomes apparent that they all have something in common. It's a classic case of opposite attraction: Handsome Ben Bennet (Ethan Sharrett) is a gay, affluent, stylish attorney at the top of the genteel social set in southern Virginia, while Lee Darcy (Chase Conner) is a rough-hewn welder with a secret that he nightly tries to blot out with an excess of liquor. Thirty-something Elizabeth must decide whether to salvage her disappointing relationship with Drew. Meanwhile, Bea, a worrisome teenager, reconnects with her introverted childhood friend, Andy, at their high school prom. Past and present collide as two couples explore love over the course of one night at a hotel. Italian American Anna is a fresh-faced and headstrong new arrival, drunk on a romantic image of Italy - and her new life starts here. Anna wants to break free of the baggage she thinks is holding her back, to find the 'real' Italy. But is this the same place she'd always dreamed of?  At Stamford Road in Dalston Junction of east London, the camera follows pedestrians, cars and birds while a narrator, who appears to be the director behind the camera, seems to instruct the objects. Christine must decide to break free or continue to live an unhappy life. The special bond that develops between plus-sized inflatable robot Baymax, and prodigy Hiro Hamada, who team up with a group of friends to form a band of high-tech heroes. In a corner of Tokyo, a man named Natsuo lives as a yakuza and a woman named Natsuki works part-time. Although they rarely think about their families, they attempt to reunite with them. Brother and sister, father and daughter; the distance between them begins to shrink, but... This film portrays the dynamics of people trying to co-exist in nature and in the city. Even though two individuals may be insignificant in the context of a large society, one life meets another and they move forward. This is a movie about their small footsteps. Both detectives on a sickening murder case struggle with being alone and childless in their 40s. As they investigate the young man found beaten and strangled to death, platonic friends Karine and Herve unravel a love story between Vincent, and Rebecca a high school girl. The teenage lovers quickly plunged into the kind of amour fou the flics fear to chance for themselves. Rebecca is missing, and unknown to her, the boy was a homosexual Internet hustler. The ordinarily blase male investigator is appalled to find that on-line dating is a world the sexy Karine knows well. Is Rebecca the killer, another victim or ? Ryan, a rich kid and Meera, an ordinary girl meet while holidaying in an island and fall madly in love. But tragedy strikes when they decide to get married. Despite his father's discontentment, Ryan marries Meera only to find him being cut off from his father's wealth. Their perfect life is thrown into turmoil when he learns that she may not be that seemingly ordinary after all. A stranger arrives to the small town of Passo Fundo, south of Brazil. And he's on a manhunt of a killer that turns in a giant drug conspiracy running by an international conglomerate. Pawno is a character driven ensemble film set in the diverse and multicultural suburb of Footscray in Melbourne, Australia. Heisaku is a university student. He is obsessed with peeping on his neighbor Fumio through the cracks in her curtain. Fumio is aware that Heisaku is peeping on her and she even observes Heisaku through her window. A lovelorn single father has his life turned upside down when a new-age yogi mysteriously shows up in his kitchen and takes him on a journey of self-discovery. Elroy wants to be left alone but Clara is too curious about what he carries inside his cardboard box and they post stickers to the others. The King tosses Rosita in jail and when Don Diego, who Rosita loves, tries to defend her, he too is thrown in jail. While Don Diego is sentenced to be executed, the King lusts after Rosita and decides to put her up in a luxurious villa. To give her a title, he marries her to a masked nobleman, who turns out to be Don Diego. Samir, a lanky crane operator in Montreuil, falls madly for Agathe. As master swimmer at the pool Thorez he decides to take swimming lessons with her. But the lie does not last three lessons - Agathe hate liars. Chosen to represent the Seine-Saint-Denis, Agathe flies to Iceland for the 10th Congress of the International Masters Swimming. Samir has no choice but to fly in turn also. Narrates the preparation for a wedding of a Spanish couple in which everything goes wrong. An Iranian man tells the story of his life and lifelong love. Jeff Keen thought that some of his previous films had been dominated by long-shots. In this film he grapples with the language of cinema, not as a means to inspire audience identification, but rather to make up for an imbalance.  Hialeah Park, one of America's most storied horse tracks, was on the verge of closing in 1974. That's when businessman John Brunetti, against the advice of friends and associates, gambled on the ailing racecourse. Alice is a thirty year old Filipino trans woman who flew to Korea to chase after her boyfriend who she discovers is now living with his new girlfriend. Joon is a twenty five year old Korean musician who is being pressured by his traditional parents to find a more stable job and girlfriend. At a bridge in the middle of Seoul, the two brokenhearted souls fatedly cross paths. Lorna has been married to Jim for a year, but still hasn't been satisfied sexually. While Jim is working at the salt mine, she is raped by an escaped convict, but falls in lust with him. Meanwhile Jim's buddies are giving him a hard time about Lorna's supposed infidelity, not realizing how close to the mark they really are. Trouble starts when Jim gets home early from work because it's their anniversary. While struggling to meet the strict airline baggage requirements, a woman meets a man who heroically comes to her aid. Both are in despair out of love, which urges them to form a charming friendship which would take them out of the crowded airport and into the secluded city of Sagada where they would attempt to mend each other's hearts and find the answer to the question, "Where do broken hearts go?" A pained cry pierces the heart of a rustic mountain town in Larry Yang's remarkable second feature Mountain Cry. When La Hong (Yu Ailei) dies in an accident involving an explosive badger trap, naive Han Chong (Wang Ziyi) obeys village decree and takes the responsibility of caring for La Hong's mute widow Hong Xia (Lang Yueting) and their children. But as they start to form an emotional bond, suspicions arise concerning La Hong's death. A melodrama condemning intolerance, it is also a love story of remarkable credibility and emotional depth. Determined to have a normal family life once his mother gets out of prison, a Scottish teenager from a tough background sets out to raise the money for a home. Proper Patola is Romantic Comedy movie and will entertain the audience by fun elements and confusion as Neeru Bajwa in double role. How she will manage to do this double role with Harish Verma and Yuvraj Hans? Eight close friends soak up their last day of summer together on the beach before parting ways for college. Inspired by the brief and yet intense life of Ecuadorian poet Medardo Angel Silva, this movie reveals intimate details of one of the most important Guayaquilean writers of 19th century: his passionate and deep poetry, his strong attraction towards death, his impossible love for a 15 year old young woman and his continual conflict with an hypocritical and conservative society. Mizuki's husband Yusuke went missing for 3 years. He suddenly comes back home one day and asks Mizuki to go on a trip with him. Their trip consists of visiting the people that helped Yusuke on his previous travel. While travelling together, Misuki sees, touches and feels what Yusuke did for those 3 years. Ana Maria is having a bad day until she magically switches places with the main character of her favorite telenovela. As she struggles to escape from Novela Land, Ana Maria finally understands why her real life was such a mess. The story of the end of a friendship between two teenage girls, told backwards over the course of nine months. Margaret, a psychiatrist and single mother, grapples with her conscience and dismal circumstances. When she is further catapulted into deeper waters with the arrival of a new patient, Peter, she is forced to revisit her dark past. Struggling with her uncertain future, Margaret and Peter's journeys towards personal liberation from their mundane lives has them treading an unstable and precarious path. A troubled writer discovers love and questions his beliefs. Jay Davis is a star high school athlete with a full college basketball scholarship coming his way. When a new girl, "Karma" moves to town, Jay's effort in making her welcome is quickly voided when she feels her heart is being played with. Jay now has to fight not only for his basketball career, but for his life. When Agnes Browne's husband died, she discovered something amazing... Herself. After 20 years of marriage, Ana Lucia and her husband Fabio decide to get a divorce. Fabio, however, decides to move to an apartment across the street, in front of the window of his former apartment - where Lucia still lives. Both will have to learn how to deal with job crisis, problems with their daughter and this whole new situation. An original stand-up comedy special written and performed by comedian Tom Segura. The journey of two Telugu guys whose lives get intertwined by a series of tumultuous events. -IMDB Megan is an all-American girl. A cheerleader. She has a boyfriend. But Megan doesn't like kissing her boyfriend very much. And she's pretty touchy with her cheerleader friends. Her conservative parents worry that she must be a lesbian and send her off to "sexual redirection" school, where she must, with other lesbians and gays learn how to be straight. In this modern setting for the Shakespeare classic, two small-town boys head to the big city looking for adventure and romance. But when they both fall for the same girl, friends become rivals. Biography of the life of Aristotle Onassis, a Greek who rose to become one of the world's most wealthiest men, detailing his rise to power and unhappy marriages.  Magic &amp; Bird: A Courtship of Rivals is a 2010 television documentary film broadcast on HBO. The film chronicles the rivalry between Magic Johnson and Larry Bird that begin with the 1979 NCAA Basketball Championship Game and lasted throughout their lengthy, Hall of Fame careers in the NBA. The film makes an argument that without the massive media attention that was placed on the rivalry that Magic and Bird had, the NBA might not have made through the 1980s following the merger with the ABA, among other things. It's graduation weekend, and Sandy Channing, the popular class president of her small-town high school, should be enjoying the time of her life. But when her friends start disappearing, Sandy discovers they have unwittingly awakened the vengeful spirit of a girl they wronged long ago. Fighting for her sanity, Sandy must unlock a dark secret from her own past before it's too late. Determined to get his childhood revenge, a man finds his childhood love instead. When Eugene's ex-GF Katelyn lands in LA to disband their business, the two of them must negotiate between past tensions and future possibilities, in this raw bittersweet rom-com that walks the line between fiction and reality. In 1951, Marcus Messner, a working-class Jewish student from New Jersey, attends a small Ohio college, where he struggles with anti-Semitism, sexual repression, and the ongoing Korean War. A trusting detective is drawn into an elaborate murder plot by a beautiful femme fatale. TELLING TALES is about the failing marriage of an industrialist and his wife, about the industrialist's wish to sell his company to a colleague, Paul Roberts, and about the terminally ill wife of Paul, Ingrid. It is also about the shop steward organising a strike at Paul's factory that jeopardises the deal with the industrialist, and about the wife of the shop steward, who happens to clean and cook for the industrialist. A network of intertwined tales told in different ways, and for very different motives, by the main protagonists. Based on the comic book series by Yusuke Aoyagi. A plastic surgeon gets into trouble because of his extreme passion with women, so he decides to visit a shrink, who eventually discovers that he is in a relationship with her daughter, so she decides to stop him in every way possible. Pilla Nuvvu Leni Jeevitham is the kind of film which borrows a little bit of everything from the magic recipe of a commercial entertainer, although it doesn't quite leave a mark of its own in the end. "Mad" Mary McArdle returns to Drogheda after a short spell in prison for something she'd rather forget. Back home, everything and everyone has changed. Her best friend, Charlene, is about to get married and Mary is maid of honor. When Charlene refuses Mary a 'plus one' on the grounds that she probably couldn't find a date, Mary becomes determined to prove her wrong. After experiencing a devastating breakup, Bass is set up on a series of disastrous dates by his concerned family. However, dating isn't easy and sometimes love hides where you least expect it. Often in the backseat and a second priority to her partner, a lawyer decides to end her relationship and focuses on herself with a help of a man out of her league. Christopher Eccleston, Julie Hesmondhalgh, Maxine Peake and Samuel West are among those who feature in this film talking about the barriers to success and how acting in the UkK has become dominated by the posh.  Romeo is an unruly youth in his local village. He goes to London after seeing his dream girl on Facebook to win her heart. Roos is pretty, successful and in her early-thirties. Every time she dreams of marriage, she gets dumped. When she gets invites to weddings from people all around her, she takes her young intern Daan as her date. She puts herself in awkward situations en falls deeply in love with a handsome doctor. They say one marriage leads to the other, but is he the one she'll say "Yes, I do!" to? Two peasants are ill-prepared for life in the big city after moving from their tiny village to Bombay. He was waiting for Anna in a cafe everyday from five till seven for six months. But another woman came in and their relationship started... Alexa Cavender, pressured to find a relationship, takes an interesting approach by only dating those matched at less than 30%. In a world of smoke and mirrors, we expose the movers, shakers and key players who puppeteer the brightest talent and engineer the most exclusive events during one of the biggest film festivals in the world. Two professional con artist sisters go on the run and assume the identities of The Wilding Sisters, guest stars of a poetry retreat in the depths of the Black Mountains. A romantic comedy drama about love, crime, spirituality, and soul A depressed man moves back in with his parents following a recent heartbreak and finds himself with two women. Victoria Spick, a criminal lawyer who is single, turns up at a wedding and meets three men there: David, the father of her daughters; Vincent, a friend of hers; and Sam, a former drug dealer who she bailed out. The next day, Vincent is accused of attempted murder by his partner.  Worldwide kidnapping have been a business of 150 billion Dollars per year. This is the kidnapping saga of a girl who is worth of millions. The kidnappers are professionals who are into kidnapping (pocketing) business. But what they are not aware is the true identity of the girl that they have kidnapped After a chance phone call leads to daily conversations, a widowed restaurant owner and a lonely film actor plan to finally meet in person. In a traditional tribal society in the South Pacific, a young girl, Wawa, falls in love with her chief's grandson, Dain. When an inter-tribal war escalates, Wawa is unknowingly betrothed as part of a peace deal. The young lovers run away, refusing her arranged fate. They must choose between their hearts and the future of the tribe, while the villagers must wrestle with preserving their traditional culture and adapting it to the increasing outside demands for individual freedom. Eddie is a very rich man who has everything he wants; money, family, success. But a car crash is all that needs to make him reconsider the life he leads. Searching for the happiness he lost, he remembers his one time lover, Gwen. Meanwhile his wife conspires to take his fortune. The story of two souls on their last day together.  Identity and self-discovery evolve in an epic journey through the majesty of a Mexico rarely seen. EL GANZO chronicles a brief and intense connection between two lonely travelers: a struggling artist on the verge of a creative breakthrough and a mysterious woman with a hidden and unknown past. Upon his arrival into Paris, a young American, Marvin, learns his French journalist boyfriend, Julian, has been called away to Nigeria, leaving him behind in his over-sized Parisian apartment under the tutelage of his non English speaking flatmate,Khalid, a struggling university student from Algeria. Communicating via text messages, illustrations, cultural gestures and a melange of Arabic, English and French, Marvin, Khalid and Julian navigate the culturally diverse boulevards of the City of Light.  Miss Meadows is a school teacher with impeccable manners and grace. However, underneath the candy-sweet exterior hides a ruthless gun-toting vigilante who takes it upon herself to right the wrongs in the world by whatever means necessary. For Miss Meadows, bad behavior is simply unforgivable. The film "Ever Since We Love", directed by Li Yu, is based on the novel of the same title. The story depicts the life of a medical school student who grows through his experience of love and friendship. Documentary spotlighting six Southern 'women who love women' sharing fascinating, personal stories of the kisses that sealed the deal on their sexuality. A lesbian photographer meets a sexy model in an upscale hotel suite. The two women may have a past that is more present than we think. Seventeen-year-old Anne just fell in love with Sasha, the most popular girl at her L.A. public high school. But when Anne tells her best friend, Clifton--who has always harbored a secret crush on her--he does his best to get in the way. A story about the man who is confused with his love life finds solace in his birthplace with his childhood love. A shy and troubled photography student's life is illuminated when her voyeuristic nature behind the camera lens leads her to a beautiful and confident girl. After her mother decided that the eighteen-year-old mentally disabled Dora no longer has to take psychotherapeutic drugs, the young woman begins to blossom. The sedated teenager was never a problem for her surroundings - but new challenges arise when the pleasure-loving young woman discovers her sexuality. The family is threatened to fall apart. As the romantic monsoon rains loom, the extended Verma family reunites from around the globe for a last-minute arranged marriage in New Delhi. This film traces five intersecting stories, each navigating different aspects of love as they cross boundaries of class, continent and morality. Gay sci-fi comedy about how we are all controlled by media and Government and cannot be free anymore. Love Me Anyway is a sun soaked drama about a filmmaker falling for a dreamy surfer, a man trying to save his marriage and a young wife exploring the greener grass of an extramarital affair with another woman. When an idealistic romantic gets fired from his day job, he is offered a "one-time gig" to break up a girl's relationship for her disapproving parents. This "one-time" gig spreads through word-of-mouth and he ends up becoming a professional match-breaker. However, he ends up falling for one of his clients and must figure out how to balance his secret job with his love-life. Every Tuesday night, radio talk show host Stevie Bricks invites his listeners to call in and share their stories. When one night he asks people to share the worst thing they've ever done, high school teacher Ron Welz can't resist. Big mistake--what he reveals sets off a chain of hilariously uncontrollable events adversely affecting his marriage and another couple. And when someone starts sending him body parts, his life really begins to fall apart. Who is tormenting him? An insolent high school student? His best friend? His wife? There are over eight million people in the Naked City, and everyone's a suspect. Bollywood 2014 Adhi and Tara are in a live-in relationship and but they are both unwilling to get married. How do they realize that marriage is just a natural progression of their relationship?  Cool Apocalypse is a comedy/drama that intertwines the stories of two very different relationships, one of which is about to begin and the other of which has just ended. Woo-Jin changes into a different person when he wakes up. He falls in love with Yi-Soo. This is Doro Pesch's 20th anniversary and this 2-dvd set, backed by her band featuring Joe Taylor, NIck Douglas, Johnny Dee and Olover Palotai, are featured in live footage from Balve, Germany. Disc 2 features Doro around the world, also includes 11 music videos and special session footage with Warlock, a photo session, more. The lack of communication between a husband and wife proves to be a complication when they are both hospitalized and must face each other for 7 days and 24 hours. Based on the best selling novel series by Jiu Yehui, the film follows the lives of five close students growing up in China in the 1980's. Starring Eddie Peng and Ni Ni and directed by Zhang Yibai, this inspiring romantic drama covers fifteen years of friendships, youth and memories. Following both the death of her father-in-law and a divorce, Jesse, a New Yorker, returns to a small town to live with her now widowed mother-in-law.  Jesse struggles to fit in with the local townsfolk who don't welcome her with open arms to say the least.  Jesse becomes acquainted with the local pastor, her widowed brother-in-law, falling in love with him, much to the dismay of the community. Things get even more complicated when her ex-husband comes calling, suspiciously trying to win her back.  Between her love life and entangled in-laws, Jesse is tested as she seeks the answer to where she truly belongs. A legendary late-night talk show host's world is turned upside down when she hires her only female staff writer. Originally intended to smooth over diversity concerns, her decision has unexpectedly hilarious consequences as the two women separated by culture and generation are united by their love of a biting punchline. Dinda is a successful Hotel Manager in Jakarta, but her parents think that she's a failure because she's still single in her 30s. An unacceptable thing for her parents who keeps their traditional culture by heart, where women should have babies in their early 20s. Dinda finally give in by her parents' pressure. She devise a plan to hire an actor, Satrio, to pretend to become her boyfriend for a week. She brings along Satrio to Jogjakarta for her parents' wedding anniversary party. But what it seems as a harmless plan turns into chaos. All Dinda's plan didn't work out as she hope to be. Satrio turns out to be an idealistic and eccentric actor who never follow Dinda's scenario and always has his own act to charm Dinda's parents. Dinda is trying juggling everything in order,but little does she knows that her parents also has their own scenario for Dinda. Hilarity ensues. Rural England, 1865. Katherine, suffocated by her loveless marriage to a bitter man and restrained by his father's tyranny, unleashes an irresistible force within her, so powerful that she will stop at nothing to get what she wants. Akira Tachibana who work at Kinoshita foundry can not love other people because of the trauma he suffered by being molested by his manager Kinoshita, who have both been like a father to Akira since he was little. Akira has lived a meaningless life. One day, when Akira driving his motorcycle, he meets a woman dressed in a red dress in a tunnel. He takes back the unconscious woman to his apartment and takes care of her, but when she wakes up, she walks away from his place without a word. This is the moment Akira meets Kaori Yamamoto. The story revolves around two friends who work hard, and spend their money travelling around the country. On one such trip, they accidentally help a pair of lovers elope, without realising it.  The family of the eloped young lady get angry, and suspect them of being friends of the eloped young man. They take the two friends home, and try to beat them to get the truth out them. One of the two friends falls for a girl named Kayal, who is working in the house, and he speaks of his love in front of everyone.  After the eloped young lady is brought home, and it is proven that the two friends were not involved in planning the elopement, they are allowed to go. Kayal travels to Kanyakumari to find the guy who loved her. The rest of the film tells of how they united, after many struggles. Visible Silence explores the lives of Thai lesbians striving for recognition, authenticity, and acceptance in a traditional Buddhist society. It is an intimate story of self and family, love and sexuality, and self-determination where conformity is prized. A non social author and his wife, invites his successful best friend and former girlfriend to save their home from foreclosure. Peg Carroll demonstrates group work in a live setting.  Inspired by true events; An immigration story of a gymnast from Bulgaria with a heart of gold and stars in her eyes. She is adopted into a traveling Circus of psychedelic characters and finds herself on a journey, to the Land of the Free* Will she live her Dream? Or fail to escape the dogma of a man's world. An adventure of a young woman striving to Stand Tall and be Free! During World War I, a home care nurse treats a man who lost one leg on the front lines. A strong bond arises between them and evolves into a passionate love affair. Della Regal (Amelia Favata) avoids emotional entanglements as she deals with her job at the park program and her turbulent home-life with a huge dose of sarcasm. When her best friends meet, fun-loving, flashy Gwen Stanley (Erin Stamp) falls hard and fast for the passionate,impetuous Kyle Montgomery (Adam S. Dixson). The introduction of beautiful yet insecure Allison, (Casey Litzenberger) creates a love triangle which becomes a square with the addition of Della's eccentric new friend Jeff (Eric Witkowski). Della is caught in the middle as her friends fall in and out of love and is forced to come to terms with her own feelings for the men in her life. Jay, a failed musician, walked out of his family and now earns a living as head bartender in a trendy London pub. Every Wednesday afternoon a woman comes to his house for graphic, almost wordless, sex. One day Jay follows her and finds out about the rest of her life (and that her name is Claire). This eventually disrupts their relationship. Hung and Bobo struggle with their newly marriage and sex life, and things get complicated when a mystery girl steps in their marriage. On the other hand, Sze, a business woman, has a husband who suffers from sex addiction... Neglected by her husband, Sarah embarks on an impromptu road trip with her young daughter and her best friend, Mindy. Along the way, the dynamic between the two friends intensifies before circumstances force them apart. Years later, Sarah attempts to rebuild their intimate connection in the days before Mindy's wedding. One day, hairstylist Ken went to do the bridal's hair. Much to his surprise, he bumped into his first lover, Bobo... Chinnadana Nee Kosam is an upcoming Telugu film directed by A. Karunakaran. The film is produced by Nikita Reddy and features her brother Nitin and Mishti Chakraborty in the leads. _Wikipedia_ Goutham is a young businessman who lives with his mother and grandmother. Goutham's mother Vasundara Devi is the head of their family business. Vasundara Devi is a strict mother; but grand motheris extremely friendly with Goutham. Apporva is Goutham's best pal.  Then enters Nithya, a sand animation artist. Goutham meets Nithya and after a series of incidents, the couple falls in love. But Nithya, who has a memory loss problem due to a major accident,can't remember anything more than a day. This problem creates obstacles in Goutham and Nithya's relationship and this forms the crux of the story. A horror short film. Vaibhav has four close friends and he is pressured to make a promise that they should not marry until their death as marriage will break friendship. But Vaibhav is very keen with having affair with girls but all his love flops due to his friends acts.He goes to Madras to find a girl to love. He finds Sonam and they both like each other. Vaibhav's friends finally come to Madras and knowing his affair with Sonam try to separate them, successfully doing so.Later their friends come to know that Vaibhav is very invested in his love and his friends try to make them rejoin again. The film ends with the success of love. Murugan falls in love with Yamuna and with the help of his friend Paandi,he saves Yamuna from a marriage with a notorious money lender. Axel lives in a poor village where people work days at the chicken farm and gamble their last pennies at night. It's made Manne, the farm and casino owner, a very powerful man. Axel's debts are so great he has to do whatever Manne says. So he works in Manne's villa but can at least see his childhood love Jenny, who is now Manne's girlfriend. Axel seeks refuge in his imagination. He has rebuilt the entire village as a model in his cottage. Here, he is king, his word is law. Here, he saves Jenny from Manne and sends him running. One day Axel finds a friend, his neighbor Heiner, a strange guy who constantly quotes Karl May and talks happily with his chicken. Only by joining forces will they bring Manne's empire crashing down. A nerdy girl creates an alter-ego to launch a successful fashion blog. Liu Yifei plays Elso, a reputed French flutist who travels from Paris to Chengdu. Her life is compared to the one of a night peacock, an eternal conflict between life and death, love and time. A night peacock, by Fabre's definition, is a moth with the life goal of finding their soul mate. New York concierge Doug Ireland wants to go into business for himself and refurbish a hotel on Roosevelt Island, N.Y., but he needs an investor. With a few weeks left before his option on the site runs out, Doug agrees to help wealthy Christian Hanover conceal his affair with salesgirl Andy Hart from his wife. Despite his own attraction to Andy, Doug tries to stay focused on getting Christian to invest $3 million in his project. Twin brothers who have been cat-and-mouse right from inside their mother's womb get separated when they are young. What happens to their enmity once they meet again? For Sebastian Silverberg life is all about his appearance, partying and his enormous ego. Things are going smoothly when an accident leaves him blind, forcing him to re-evaluate his life and to seek meaning beyond appearances. Whenever elementary school teacher Kang Joon-soo (Lee Seung-gi) falls in love, he always gives too much of himself to the relationship. Yet despite that, he ends up being the one getting dumped by his girlfriends. Joon-soo has been friends for 18 years with Kim Hyun-woo (Moon Chae-won), a weather forecaster whose beauty belies her witty tongue and aggressive manner. Claire, a brilliant student, seeks answers to the meaning of life in the calm of her biology laboratory. One day, she meets a mysterious young man, Jack, at the cinema, and is intrigued by his style, assurance and audacity. Apart from his artistic activities, Jack has a regular scam going, ripping off foreign businessmen with his loyal mate Charlie and two actresses. But his tough guy exterior conceals a secret passion for old books, and he dreams of writing a novel one day. Jack falls hard for Claire's purity and curiosity. An unusual romance develops between them. But Jack is scared of their growing intimacy and rejects Claire, withdrawing into his shell. Abandoned and confused, Claire gradually begins to neglect her studies and embarks on a spiraling course of self-destruction, whilst Jack, who tries to ignore her, concentrates on his criminal activities. However, a sharp detective, named Linda Fox, is following his dodgy tracks. Hedi is the new neighbor of Iva, who raises her daughter Sofia by herself. The two women start a relationship and Iva is desperately in love with Hedi. Suddenly Iva's father appears. Hedi feels strongly attracted to him. It seems that only one world exists for Hedi. Her own. Shortly after 1800 hours, 11 July 2006, Mumbai was shattered by seven bomb blasts on Western Railway stations: Matunga, Mahim, Khar, Bandra, Jogeshwari, Borivali, and Bhayandar. It took the Police and ambulance over an hour to attend at various sites. This incident changes lives of Thomas, originally from Chennai, who sells tea from his bike; Rupali Joshi, a TV News reporter, who has to deal with the death of her to-be spouse, Ajay Kumar Pradhan; Suresh, in debt, starts to suspect all Muslims, especially Yusuf; Inspector Tukaram Patil, about to retire, goes about collecting bribes as usual, much to the chagrin of his embittered, honest and soon to-be suspended subordinate, Sunil Kadam; while Nikhil Agarwal, a Nationalist and environmentalist, debates whether he should re-locate to the United States, along with his pregnant wife, Sejal. The survivors of the first Waxwork must use a portal through time to defeat the evil that has followed them and turned their lives upside down. An aesthetic journey based on portraits of personalities filmed by the french film-maker Gerard Courant. The resulting film investigates the subject of the portrait under various aspects : universes of forms, colours, rhythms and identities... Beneath the world we know, a dangerous lesson is being learned-monsters aren't born...they're made. Let The Music Play is the authorized story of The Doobie Brothers from their beginnings as a biker band in California in 1970, through their breakthrough with Listen To The Music in 1972, sustained success and line-up changes in the mid-seventies and their change of musical direction and further success following the arrival of Michael McDonald in 1976. Worn out by non-stop touring and internal disagreements the band broke up after a farewell concert in 1982. There were sporadic reunions in the eighties before the band reformed permanently in the early nineties and have continued touring and recording ever since. This new film features contributions from all the surviving key band members, their manager Bruce Cohn and long term producer Ted Templeman to tell the full story of the band's highs and lows through four decades of musical evolution. A little girl tries to catch a frog in a pond, when she has an accident in the process, she blames the frog... and goes back for revenge. A conflicted animation filmmaker travels to Argentina chasing after a girl he met online, only to end up living with her and her intimidating boyfriend on an isolated island on the outskirts of Buenos Aires. Even after their break-up, a couple can't get enough of each other. The film spans 30 years in Julieta's life from a nostalgic 1985 where everything seems hopeful, to 2015 where her life appears to be beyond repair and she is on the verge of madness. A lonely, middle-aged man hires a male prostitute to recreate a road trip from his past. One night with a total stranger. And fate brought them together once again. That's where their whirlwind romance started. Tara and Maya are two inseparable friends in India. Their tastes, habits, and hobbies are the same. Years later, the two have matured, but have maintained their friendship. Tara gets married to the local prince, Raj Singh, who soon succeeds the throne as the sole heir. After the marriage, Raj gets bored of Tara and starts seeking another female to satisfy his sexual needs. He notices Maya and is instantly attracted to her. He has her included as one of his courtesans, and is intimate with her. Watch what happens when Tara finds out and the extent she will go to keep her marriage intact. Kiira seems like an ordinary young girl, who likes to talk with her friends and to dress up. Her ultimate goal is to become the world's best baker, but what differentiates her from others is that she is a vampire. She has never told anyone her secret, including her childhood friend Tetsu, whom she played with everyday and liked as a child. After her parents died when Kiira was only 12-years-old, she had to go live with her relatives and lost contact with Tetsu.  Now, 8 years later, Tetsu appears at the bakery where Kiira is working part-time. Kiira is ecstatic to see her first love again. Soon, they are dating and Kiira dreams of having a family with Tetsu. Kiira also becomes filled with worries because she is vampire. Arjun and Karna, two happy-go-lucky friends who have resigned from their jobs, start a bad news delivery service and one of their assigments ends up in a marriage getting cancelled. And the bride happens to be the sister of Arjun's girlfriend Anjali! Can they undo the damage? An orthodox youngster and a free-spirited lady fall in love, only to understand that they are different in all aspects of life. How do they realise their complex requirements and mistakes? Maya, a headstrong 28-year-old with artistic ambitions - a strong contrast to what her father Ed wants: a dutiful daughter to run the family store. Ed is shocked when Maya takes her assertions of independence a step further and decides to travel to Africa for inspiration and returns with a fiance who is not quite what he seems. The true story of a high-school history teacher who decides to hide a progressive sight loss from everyone surrounding him - his colleagues, pupils, even the ones who really care about him, because of the fear of losing his job and trying to save his dignity. Due to a genetic disorder, Kacper is faced with a very real possibility of permanent blindness. Initially heartbroken, he attempts to hide his health problems from his bosses driven by his desire to keep his job and to help his students with the final exams. The only person who knows about Kacper's problem is his best friend Wiktor. Meanwhile, Kacper enters a relationship with his colleague Ewa, and tries to help a rebel student Klara, who hides a secret of her own. Set in the beautiful high Pyrenees in south-west France, Damien lives with his mother Marianne, a doctor, while his father, a pilot, is on a tour of duty abroad with the French military. At school, Damien is bullied by Thomas,  who lives in the farming community up in the mountains, nut learns to fight back. The boys find themselves living together when Marianne invites Thomas to come and stay with them while his mother is ill in hospital. Damien must learn to live with the boy who terrorised him. Dolly, an attractive woman, fakes marriages and runs away stealing all the precious belongings of the groom and his family. Dolly's modus operandi is to get her fake brother to identify prospective grooms &amp; then entice these men to fall in love with her. Attracted by her charms, these prospective grooms are ready to do anything for dolly including going against their parents' wishes to marry her.  An ordinary bachelor pursues girls like a hunter, but not with the intention of settling down in life. Successful author and media darling Bright is an icon of singledom. However, a fortune-teller's warning of dire consequences resulting from unresolved issues with former lovers forces her to revisit and reexamine her five past relationships and calls her renunciation of romance into question. In a desert wasteland in Texas, a muscled cannibal breaks one important rule: don't play with your food. Village boy Monayi comes visiting his cousin & confidante Kuttan (Hari Nair). Kuttan is in love with his college mate (Deepthi) but their love story hits a roadblock when her father decides to marry her off to someone else. The couple decides to get their marriage registered but due to some unforeseen circumstances, Monayi steps in to take Kuttan's place! Trapped near the summit of K2, the world's second-highest mountain, Annie Garrett radios to base camp for help. Brother Peter hears Annie's message and assembles a team to save her and her group before they succumb to K2's unforgiving elements. But, as Annie lays injured in an icy cavern, the rescuers face several terrifying events that could end the rescue attempt -- and their lives. Bruno and Amanda have to face the difficulties of a long distance relationship after meeting in a flight forced into an emergency landing. Elena a young girl brought up by a horoscope-addicted mother to have her life dictated by signs and omens. When Elena's mother dies in a fire, she decides to wage war on the stars by doing the exact opposite of what her daily horoscope is dictating. Direct Ishq is a love triangle where Dolly Pandey is the common love interest of Kabeer Bajpai an event organiser and Vicky Shukla President of Kashi Vidyapeeth. After the tragic loss of their 4-year-old son, Javier and Amanda struggle to make sense of their lives together. Sara is in crisis. Engaged for one day, she decides to call off her marriage. Quirky, beautiful, and tender, she is working on being bold. Having had a short relationship with a woman in college, Sara seeks that feeling again. How can she have a woman's touch without giving up men entirely? This question launches Sara on a bittersweet journey filled with self discovery, sexual awakening, beautiful women and sometimes men. The story about a married couple who's marriage is failing because of electronic devices. The conclusion to the epic urban saga of 'The Lies We Tell...' Roni seeks revenge on Tank because she feels as if Tank had something to do with Bri being shot. So she takes matters into her own hands. When the woman he loves commits herself with another, Joe, a ridiculous huaso who thinks he is a cowboy, steals from him a valued horse in which he embarks on a journey where he meets singular characters who convince him to fight again for her. In 1863, Mississippi farmer Newt Knight serves as a medic for the Confederate Army. Opposed to slavery, Knight would rather help the wounded than fight the Union. After his nephew dies in battle, Newt returns home to Jones County to safeguard his family but is soon branded an outlaw deserter. Forced to flee, he finds refuge with a group of runaway slaves hiding out in the swamps. Forging an alliance with the slaves and other farmers, Knight leads a rebellion that would forever change history.  Elizabeth Thatcher, a cultured young teacher in 1910, fears leaving her comfortable world in the city. But when she accepts a teaching position in a frontier town, she finds new purpose and love with a handsome Royal Canadian Mountie. Gael travels to the Island of Roatan to finish his last novel and finds love at first sight. Sofia and her father missed their cruise and are forced to stay in the wonderful island. Three love stories around this magical place.  In the modern day (1920s) story, Adam, a plumber, is happily married to Eve, a wardrobe-obsessed housewife, until she accidentally meets a supercilious fashion designer. At the prompting of her neighbour, who has secret designs on Adam, Eve secretly becomes a fashion model by day, knowing that her husband would disapprove. This tale is book-ended by a sequence of the two principals in the Garden of Eden, having the same preoccupations amid the dinosaurs and boulders. A short film about a man from the pumpkins, a girl from the rhubarbs, and their destiny-dipped love for simple things and each other. Paul is a restless twenty-something who cannot get his life together. Worse, he's been holding on to his love towards Red, his best friend Ivan's boyfriend. Looking for a sense of direction, he goes to Siem Reap and meets Tang, who falls in love with him. But when Ivan leaves Red without any explanation, Paul finds himself caught between chasing his unrequited love for Red or choosing Tang, the one who is always willing to give him love that he cannot return. In Cairo on her own as she waits for her husband, Juliette finds herself caught in a whirlwind romance with his friend Tareq, a retired cop. As Tareq escorts Juliette around the city, they find themselves in the middle of a brief affair that catches them both unawares. Add the plot. Two High School Couples explore Friendship and dating along dissimiliar lines, leading to Courage and Transformation for one teen and a personal crisis for Another. Feel-good movie about a college life of couple of friends and the consequences of a turning point which changed the life of each one of them. Film featuring the music of Hari Charan &amp; Archana Ravi, Saindhavi, Nivas and more!  A bad girl and a province boy found love in the state of being broken and in the process of healing. Nirbaak is a hyperlink narrative comprising four love stories connected by a single woman. Every love story comprises one entity which is silent and thus Nirbaak (Speechless) Slam tells the story of Ray Joshua, an original, gifted young MC trapped in a war-zone housing project known as Dodge City. Unable to find a job, Ray copes with the despair and poverty of his neighborhood by using his wits and verbal talent. Written by Offline Publicist Young Ray Joshua lives in the Washington, DC, district known as Dodge City, which is dominated by gang wars. One day he is arrested when his drug dealer is gunned down while talking to him. He is put to prison where two rival gangs, Thug Life and the Union, want to recruit him as a member. A country football coach who has a plan to rebuild the local football team by recruiting recently settled asylum seekers. A young writers father returns after a long time disappearance. After a drunken evening and an unforgettable night with a total stranger, Manu wakes up alone to find a message on his arm giving him an appointment in Avignon. Convinced that the appointment is with the dreamy woman from the night before, he is ready to do anything to find her again. A desperate Madhu switches her photograph with that of a reporter who has to be killed, hoping that her family will get the insurance money. And, now, the assassin hired to murder the reporter is after her and will not rest until she is dead. Clive Langham spends one tormenting night in his bed suffering from health problems and thinking up a story based on his relatives. He is a bitter man and he shows, through flashbacks, how spiteful, conniving and treacherous his family is. But is this how they really are or is it his own vindictive slant on things? Pinku from 1974. The story of two lovers and their attempts to save their relationship in a near-future world on the brink of cosmic collapse. John, and world-famous ice skating star, Elena, are about to sign divorce papers when they realise that, in spite of everything happening around them, their love is worth fighting for. It's All About Love is a fresh take on modern love and future life as two lovers struggle in a conspiracy of epic proportions. An inspirational survival story of Deepika Kumari who, as a girl born on the roadside to abject poverty in rural India, went in search of food, stumbled upon archery, and within 4 years became the Number One archer in the World. An independent woman can't chose between the two men she loves. A squad of National Guards on an isolated weekend exercise in the Louisiana swamp must fight for their lives when they anger local Cajuns by stealing their canoes. Without live ammunition and in a strange country, their experience begins to mirror the Vietnam experience. Following the abrupt departure of her best friend during a visa crackdown Sophie struggles to complete her cabaret and understand her place in Beijing without him. Hatori Matsuzaki (Mirei Kiritani) is a female high school student. She has a crush on her childhood friend Rita Terasaka (Kento Yamazaki) and believes he will eventually choose her as her heroine, but Rita Terasaka begins dating Miho Adachi. Meanwhile, the most popular male student, Kosuke Hiromitsu (Kentaro Sakaguchi) takes an interest in Hatori Matsuzaki. 26-year-old Hachiko Hojo (Yuko Oshima) works as a train attendant, selling items on a cart. She's good at her job, but she lacks self confidence. One day, she meets a movie producer (Koji Ookura). They decide to visit tourist attractions in Hakone, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan. Hachiko Hojo looks back upon her life along the way. The daughter of a preacher becomes the centerpiece for a conservative political campaign but finds herself falling in love with a woman. Loosely based on 1957's "Our Sister Hedy" and 1961's "The Greatest Civil War on Earth", this romantic comedy follows the Wong household, where the father acts as the glue that holds everyone together while Mambo, the protagonist and third daughter, tries to get her other sisters hitched. New Orleans businessman Michael Courtland's life is shattered when his wife and daughter are tragically killed in a botched kidnap rescue attempt. Many years later whilst visiting Italy he meets and falls in in love with Sandra Portinari, who bears a striking resemblance to his wife. 1920, rural Ireland. Anglo-Irish twins Rachel and Edward share a strange existence in their crumbling family estate. Each night, the property becomes the domain of a sinister presence (The Lodgers) which enforces three rules upon the twins: they must be in bed by midnight; they may not permit an outsider past the threshold; and if one attempts to escape, the life of the other is placed in jeopardy. When troubled war veteran Sean returns to the nearby village, he is immediately drawn to the mysterious Rachel, who in turn begins to break the rules set out by The Lodgers. The consequences pull Rachel into a deadly confrontation with her brother - and with the curse that haunts them. Comedy -  Bill Cobbs, Lee Meriwether, Blake Michael The Department of Emotional Integrity (DEI) documents all relationship activity. A 'relationship score' is given to keep people accountable for their choices. The score is public for all to see, and affects various aspects of daily life. Two couples, teenagers and early 30s, face different but intersecting challenges in their relationships within the rules of the DEI. Foreign film starring Sarath Kumar In Los Angeles, Max Carlyle makes a good living directing commercials and has a happy home life with his wife, Mimi, and two children. When Carlyle travels to New York City to visit his friend Charlie, who has been diagnosed with AIDS, he has repeat run-ins with a beautiful woman, Karen, and eventually sleeps with her. Though he goes home the next day and doesn't return until a year later, Carlyle's infidelity still lingers. When a huge blizzard (that doesn't show signs of stopping) hits, Gracetown is completely snowed in. But even though it's cold outside, things are heating up inside, proving that Christmas is magical when it comes to love. A young Englishman plots revenge against his mysterious, beautiful cousin, believing that she murdered his guardian. But his feelings become complicated as he finds himself falling under the beguiling spell of her charms. Otaku and his roommate Mr. Cheap as known as the ultimate geeks of their university. However, like any normal guy, their goal is to fall in love with their girls of their dreams. To get close to his goddess Mei, Mr. Cheap pretends to be a spoiled rich kid, appearing everywhere she goes. Meanwhile, the introverted Otaku tries to create a chance to talk to class beauty Ling by running into her in the hallway, only to have his plan fall awkwardly. Set in a small town near the North Pole where roads lead to nowhere, the story follows Roman and Lucy, two burning souls who come together to make a leap for life and inner peace. A disenfranchised 16-year-old girl connects to an older man on the internet and after a brief one-sided affair descends into obsession and anorexia. Two strangers meet and fall in love during the weekend that they are planning their respective weddings. Carved from over 1,200 hours of footage spanning the band's career, Pearl Jam: Twenty is the definitive portrait of Pearl Jam. Part concert film, part intimate insider-hang, and part testimonial to the power of music. The movie is based on the concept of roaming cinema which was one of the oldest traditions in the bygone era of Indian cinema where the movies were showcased in tents for the local folks also knows as Touring talkies. For the past few decades these films have made a common recurring occurrences in most of the Carnival Fun fair taking place across villages where the Marathi Cinema is adored in a completely distinctive fashion. Shivam is a Police thriller, with Biju Menon in the lead, and Shaji Kailas comes back to associate with Revathy Kalamandhir. The theme involves administration of Vigilante justice with the hero taking law into his own hands and bcoming an anti-hero in the process. Hari (Ram), a DJ in Vizag, proposes to many girls none of them accept his love. One day he sees a beautiful girl Sailaja (Keerthi Suresh) and also impresses her but doesn't propose to her fearing that he would be rejected. Hari spends some good times with Sailaja and right when he proposes his love, she rejects him point blank. An upset Ravi continues with his life and as time passes by, he gets a huge clue which could help him getting back his love. An extremely lazy young guy, Siva is forced to move in search of a character called Mahesh. Alma, a little girl, skips through the snow covered streets of a small town. Her attention is caught by a strange doll in an antique toy shop window. Fascinated, Alma decides to enter. Vengence drives a tough Detroit cop to stay on the trail of a power hungry auto magnate who's systematically eliminating his competition.  A trusted driver must deal with his dead boss's Muslim mistress, her dark past pulling him into a life-and-death showdown with her notorious gangster cousin/ex-husband. Soroor and Amir first met 20 years ago. Since then, she has been widowed and is now the single mother of a child. And he got married. But their friendship has remained. A glimpse into the world of the women who create and consume romance novels. He's lived for too long off his parents. It's time for 40-year-old slacker Jacques to get by on his own. One-time gigolo and a borderline bum, he knows what he wants - to become rich and famous. He even has a business plan: tourism combined with cheap plastic surgery. Jacques moves in with his older sister, Monique, who manages an Emmaus village in the south west of France. And before long, the smooth-talking chancer has convinced a group of workers to pool their meagre funds and set out on a trip to a clinic in Bulgaria, where all their dreams of a brighter and more beautiful future will all come true. If only... After discovering an anonymous journal, April begins her quest to return the book, all-the-while building a fantasy in her head that may compromise the very real relationships in her life. The basic image derives from a shot of women in (Edwardian era) dresses standing along the edge of the ocean. Within this eight-second loop, [Rimmer] cuts shorter ones. For example, the activity of a central group of three women is cut so that the figures repeat certain motions over and over and over again... Rimmer also chose to use the forms of surface imperfections, the scratches and dirt patterns, as bases for his loops... Although working in a disciplined style of re-structuring cinematic forms, his highly orchestrated creations have inspired great admiration both from cineastes and the more general public. Come ogni 14enne Carolina, detta Caro,e impegnata a districarsi tra la scuola, gli amici e il rapporto spesso conflittuale con i genitori, si trova improvvisamente alle prese con i turbamenti legati al primo amore che ha il nome e il volto di Massimiliano. Ad aiutarla nel suo cammino verso la scoperta delle gioie e dei dolori sentimentali ci saranno le sue amiche del cuore e la sua famiglia Gus is a fat cartoonist that recently won a battle against cancer, which explains his baldness. But he is also lonely. Therefore, his caring sister tries to set him up with suitable woman. But to do so, she must turn him into an irresistible man. When he falls in love with Emily, Gus takes the identity of a mysterious biker from New Zealand. Martin is an unscrupulous chap who has never cared about anyone but himself until he meets Irina, a Russian girl. Paris in the 1920s. Marguerite Dumont is a wealthy woman with a passion for music and the opera. For years, she has performed regularly for a circle of guests. But Marguerite sings tragically out of tune and no one has ever told her. Her husband and her close friends have always encouraged her in her illusions. Things become very complicated the day she gets it into her head to perform in front of a genuine public, at the Opera. A woman at a crossroads traveling to Cannes along with her successful film producer husband, finds herself on a two-day road trip with his business associate. What follows is a carefree journey replete with diversions involving picturesque sites, fine food and wine, humor, wisdom and romance - reawakening Anne's senses and a new lust for life. A desperate, childless couple kidnap a pregnant woman and lead her husband to believe that she is dead. After falling in love, three roommates experience changes in their lives. In the late 1960s, C'est Si Bon is the music bar where every acoustic band's dream lies. There Geun-tae, a naive country boy, meets the young musical prodigies Hyung-joo and Chang-sik, and forms the band named after it -- the C'est Si Bon Trio. As the three young artists bicker over their music, beautiful socialite Ja-young enters the picture and becomes their muse, and a series of moving love songs come from it. Geun-tae's pure-heartedness wins Ja-young over but when she accepts a once-in-lifetime opportunity for a shot at an acting career, they part ways. After 20 years, the untold story of their love, song, and youth at C'est Si Bon is finally brought to light. Raja Ram(Sharwananad) is an aspiring young athlete who lives with his single mother. During one of his sporting events, he comes across a burkha clad Muslim girl named Nazeera(Nithya Menen) and falls head over heels for her eyes. He chases her and eventually the couple fall in love with each other.  Twist in the tale arises when shocking incidents occur in both their lives and the couple get separated. What is that incident ? How did it change their life ? Will they ever meet each other again ? To know the answers to these questions, you need to watch the film on the big screen. A world-class pianist (Seymour) becomes romantically and sexually involved with her young protege (Gartin).  A youngster realises that the girl he loves is the sister of the guy who had tormented his own sister in the past. Athena Cockburn suffers from heavy migraines and lost her vim and vigor. Her boyfriend, Jacob York, has enough of the stagnating sex life with her and comes up with the brilliant idea to trick her into taking a fake pill to treat her migraines. But is he ready for a nymphomaniac? Indian Kannada romantic film. In director Baz Luhrmann's contemporary take on William Shakespeare's classic tragedy, the Montagues and Capulets have moved their ongoing feud to the sweltering suburb of Verona Beach, where Romeo and Juliet fall in love and secretly wed. Though the film is visually modern, the bard's dialogue remains. Jake and Mati are two outsiders in the northerly Portuguese city of Porto who once experienced a brief connection. A mystery remains about the moments they shared, and in searching through memories, they relive the depths of a night uninhibited by the consequences of time. Sathya falls in love with Ramya at first sight and starts wooing her. But how will he take the revelations of his girlfriend's past? Two 20 some-things, Halibar and Peggy meet and bond trying to find the owner of a lost cat When Maria (Lisa Carlehed) meets Niels for the first time, he comes across as an angry and unsympathetic young man. His chronic illness has been concentrated into a single wish - to go to a Swiss nursing home for euthanasia. But in order to get there, he needs a volunteer escort. Brides to Be is an existential supernatural drama about love and the struggle to conquer hate.  There is a woman who gets married, her husband buys a scooter on the same day, and later, he abandons both. The story is woven around the parallel lives of the scooter and the woman, who go through the same situation. Beautiful, workaholic Bo-hee is a successful marketing executive at the number one toy company in Korea. Respected by her colleagues and in line for a promotion, she makes an irrevocable mistake that gets her fired from her job. Bo-hee's life further spins out of control when her husband Gang-sung leaves her soon after.  Bo-hee is befriended by her neighbor Nan-hee, an amateur sex expert who runs a sex shop on the brink of bankruptcy called "Casa Amor." Nan-hee's predicament inspires Bo-hee's creativity, and using her background in children's toys, she is determined to save the shop by making its ambiance more refined and by promoting better sex toys.  New anti-gay laws have just been approved in Russia. After a competition in St. Petersburg, Italian swimmer Massimo meets a Russian of his own age, Vladimir, working as an interpreter for the delegation of which Massimo is a member. The two men fall in love, but they will have to face the cultural barriers between them, as well as old and new macho stereotypes. A coming of age story of a twenty one year old Afro hipster, who embarks on a journey of self discovery trying to keep the memory of her father alive, when she's thrown into a world of greasy overalls, gender stereotypes and abandoned vintage cars in need of a young woman's re inventive touch who tries to reclaim what would've been, what could've been. This is a comedic drama that follows New York City based flight attendant Lorna Flynn on her obsessive journey to find her long lost relative after her absent father passes away. In the hopes of finding out more about her family and herself, what she discovers is more than she could have imagined. At an exclusive Catholic boys school in Melbourne 1976, Tim Conigrave and John Caleo fell madly in love. Their passionate, tempestuous, operatic romance lasted for 16 years, facing disapproval, temptation, separation, and the looming shadow of the Grim Reaper. Their relationship has been immortalised in Conigrave's posthumous autobiography Holding the Man (now a major Australian film directed by Neil Armfield). This is the true story of how Romeo met Romeo and how first love can not only last but endure.  Longtime best friends Renee, Aria, Jaime and Jessa have shared just about everything. All hell breaks loose when Jessa sends them a message via DVD with a shocking message! A young woman in the Army must make tough decisions when her love for an older woman causes her to question just where she is going. Adapted from Deb Shoval's 2011 short film of the same name. In the 1600s, cowardly Sir Simon of Canterville flees a duel and seeks solace in the family castle. His ashamed father seals him in the room where he is hiding and dooms him to life as a ghost until one of his descendants performs a brave deed. Simon believes he may be saved when he meets Cuffy Williams, an American kinsman stationed with a troop of soldiers at the castle in 1943. Will this blood relative save the family honor, or will his blood be as yellow as the rest of the Cantervilles? Thirty-something Valentine runs a renowned restaurant and her stylish dining room is fully booked for Valentine's Day. Chef cook Angelo prepares the food and the tables are romantically covered. The guests enter, hoping for love on their menus. Valentine has everything under control, she thinks. But how could she expect that Frank, her old flame from 12 years ago would suddenly reappear on this day of love... A lifestyle photographer, a student activist, and a relationship that developed amidst contrasting ideals and principles. When a wounded Christian Grey tries to entice a cautious Ana Steele back into his life, she demands a new arrangement before she will give him another chance. As the two begin to build trust and find stability, shadowy figures from Christian's past start to circle the couple, determined to destroy their hopes for a future together. Karthik convinces two of his childhood friends to go on a road trip to a village, where his 'future wife' lives. He wants to make her fall in love with him before the wedding and the rest of the story is about how the journey turns out to be a life changing experience for Karthik. Former Chicagoan and Black Harvest Film Festival veteran Tyton (TOOT'S AND BLOW'S, THE PARTY LINE) returns with a grown-up romantic drama featuring a likeable but immature protagonist. Transplanted from Chicago to Atlanta, Preach (Crawford) is a talented poet whose inability to get over his fondness for weed or his grief for his late girlfriend Gail inhibits both his writing career and his current relationship with the mature and challenging Arika (Clay). The arrival of a Chicago friend carrying a dangerous secret brings Preach to a crossroads where he must find--or lose--his destiny. As in his previous films, Tyton's easygoing, actor-friendly approach pays off richly in character authenticity and development. (Gene Siskel Film Center) When bachelor Walter Davis (Bruce Willis) is set up with his sister-in-law's pretty cousin, Nadia Gates (Kim Basinger), a seemingly average blind date turns into a chaotic night on the town. Walter's brother, Ted (Phil Hartman), tells him not to let Nadia drink alcohol, but he dismisses the warning, and her behavior gets increasingly wild. Walter and Nadia's numerous incidents are made even worse as her former lover David (John Larroquette) relentlessly follows them around town. Katti Batti is a modern day romance that traces young architect Madhav's love for the free-spirited Payal. They make for a perfect couple until a sudden turn of events creates an unanswered distance between them. Five beautiful girls vie for a chance to become the spokesmodel for diva DeeDee DeVille's new high-end line of lingerie. The claws come out when the competition gets fierce, but when they begin to disappear one by one, they soon find that they are competing for their lives... About a man and a woman who make a 'one-night' coupon book after they both get dumped. Following the dealings of a Melbourne-based hitman Ray as seen through the eyes of his ex-neighbour and friend Max, an Italian film student. Max and his camera witness Ray's work life as it unfolds from day to day, giving an insight into a world we rarely see, and at the same time developing an unusual friendship with his subject. Heather is an attractive, competitive, softball player used to winning. Tyler is a competitive baseball player, charming, and saintly, who hasn't kissed. So what happens when Heather tries to get his first kiss, and Tyler tries to win her heart to help launch his baseball career? It results in a head-on competition igniting a series of of light-hearted ploys of cat-and-mouse that will keep you interested to the end. To top it off falling in love wasn't a part of their plan...so now Tyler must choose between his dream, and Heather. And she must choose between love, and changing who she was. Believing they have left behind shadowy figures from their past, newlyweds Christian and Ana fully embrace an inextricable connection and shared life of luxury. But just as she steps into her role as Mrs. Grey and he relaxes into an unfamiliar stability, new threats could jeopardize their happy ending before it even begins. Sukku is an unemployed stuntman who was once forced to be a sperm donor for money. Now he's faced with the appearance of a daughter from that donation, who tracked him down after bribing a ward boy. What follows next is a series of misadventures. Three twenty-something couples, one gay, one lesbian, and one straight, travel to a beach house to enjoy the last days of summer, but what should be a fun and carefree weekend becomes an exploration of what it takes to sustain a healthy relationship. What happens in the mountains, stay in the mountains. Giant Mountains are truly the spice of local highlanders who live here, whether any season. Skier with one leg, the legendary womanizer adorned with infertility, the bartender with a penchant for divination... And Pavka, the oldest living member of a traditional cross-country Bulan family. This documentary chronicles over two years in the heels of four of the world's most famous drag queens including former RuPaul's Drag Race winners Jinkx Monsoon and Sharon Needles, former All Stars champion Alaska Thunderf*ck and season 7 and All Stars 3 contestant Katya Zamolodchikova. From performing across world stages to winning (and losing) Drag Race or dealing with major tragedies, The Queens lifts the lace front, giving an insight into one of the most fascinating and quickly ascending entertainment artforms. Ms. Isabel Archer isn't afraid to challenge societal norms. Impressed by her free spirit, her kindhearted cousin writes her into his fatally ill father's will. Suddenly rich and independent, Isabelle ventures into the world, along the way befriending a cynical intellectual and romancing an art enthusiast. However, the advantage of her affluence is called into question when she realizes the extent to which her money colors her relationships. As the romantic monsoon rains loom, the extended Verma family reunites from around the globe for a last-minute arranged marriage in New Delhi. This film traces five intersecting stories, each navigating different aspects of love as they cross boundaries of class, continent and morality. A blind woman's relationship with her husband changes when she regains her sight and discovers disturbing details about themselves. Lakshmi Raave Maa Intiki, one expected a hat trick of sorts. About 30 minutes after a breezy start, the director makes A woman who is looking for acceptance, who's looking for love, who wants to be appreciated and who wants to belong find what she's looking for from her personal assistant. Simon, a famous violinist, sinks into alcoholism. He finds support from his lover, who is also the manager of the orchestra in which he plays. But is she really helping him or is she exploiting his dependence on her? A man who has been through the same experience as Simon, offers to help him... It is a reincarnation story about the love between Leela and her lover, which is left incomplete because one of them has been murdered. The story comes to circle after 300 long years; when Leela has taken birth as Meera and her lover's character is also reborn. With a new iPhone, an apartment near the Grove, and a comfortable bank account left to her by her beloved late husband, Marnie Minervini has happily relocated from New Jersey to Los Angeles to be near her daughter Lori, a successful (but still single) screenwriter, and smother her with motherly love. But when the dozens of texts, unexpected visits, and conversations dominated by unsolicited advice force Lori to draw strict personal boundaries, Marnie finds ways to channel her eternal optimism and forceful generosity to change the lives of others - as well as her own - and find a new purpose in life. SHE is a district attorney, SHE is trapped in a never-ending sequence of days. It's been five years since SHE lost her beloved husband. Soon, however, SHE notices someone's presence in her apartment: things get broken or rearranged while SHE's away...Is SHE losing her mind? Or is it her dead husband trying to get in touch with her? That's what her friend keeps telling... And then SHE gets in contact with her husband's spirit and, oh miracle, he answers. SHE sees proof everywhere...and SHE's happy again, SHE's with the love of her life even though he's just a ghost. And then HE appears. Or rather falls down a chimney shaft. HE's a fugitive, framed for the murder HE didn't commit. HE's been in contact with her this whole time. So SHE helps: SHE defends him and wins the case. Somewhere along this emotional roller-coaster SHE lets go of the past pain, her dead husband and finds peace. HE, her chimney guest, will still be there when SHE starts over with a clean slate... Dawid, Vanessa and Ludwig are the finalists at a pitch-competition for a movie about the German Rap phenomenon CRO. As the three youngsters work out their extraordinary film ideas, they must fight through unexpected personal challenges. A macho dad learns to accept the real identity of his gay son before it gets too late. On his 18th birthday, wealthy but spoiled Ozgur(Ekin Koc) gets a surprise from his deceased grandfather's will. He has to leave his luxurious life in Istanbul and graduate from a public school in a small village on the Aegean coast. After falling for Elif(Neslihan Atagul), a secretive classmate, Ozgur begins to understand the importance of this tiny and seemingly trivial village.Adapted from the South Korean romantic drama, 'A Millionaire's First Love'. A girl decides to break up with her long-time boyfriend when she realises her boyfriend is having an affair. Then she meets another guy but was heartbroken when she found out that he is married. Meanwhile, widower to her late sister proposes to her. Will she accept or persists to find her true love? Mathivanan relocates to Australia as a result of his job transfer. There he meets an Australian girl, Emily played by Melissa and falls in love. Meanwhile, Australia Police are in search of Emily who is claimed to be missing for the past 10 days. Meantime, Police find Emily's dead body that was killed and buried in Vijay's garden and hence he is arrested. Emily's postmortem report says that she was murdered and was buried. Further it shocks the police as they find that Vijay had actually arrived at Australia, just a day before Emily's murder. As a result, Vijay is released by the police. Following which, Vijay is all set himself to find about Emily, that who was she actually, who would have murdered her and what would have been the reason behind it, how is it possible for a deal girl to meet and speak wit him.. Finally, all these investigations result to unfold many interesting and shocking informations. Badmashiyaan - Fun Never Ends Lida, a careerdriven woman in her late 20s in the developing metropolis of Phnom Penh, Cambodia, sells modern and upscale real estate developments to the growing middle and upper class in contemporary Cambodia. Lida may be thriving as a top real estate agent, but in her personal life , her relationship with her photographer boyfriend is deteriorating. Unable to escape the trauma and prison of her interior monologue, she travels to the quiet beach town of Kep, Cambodia, with her close companions. While the growth and modernization of the city promote an urban and cultural erasure, Kep reveals treasures from Cambodia's heritage. It is there that Lida discovers that the specters from the past haunt in sublime and beautiful ways. The story of a young man who arrives in Hollywood during the 1930s hoping to work in the film industry, falls in love, and finds himself swept up in the vibrant cafe society that defined the spirit of the age. Impeached high school president, Tim Timmerman, seeks to redeem himself and get into Yale. Raja Rajendra is a 2015 Kannada comedy film written and directed by Pon Kumaran. It stars Sharan, Ishita Dutta, Vimala Raman and P. Ravi Shankar in the stellar roles. The film marks the reunion of director Kumaran and actor Sharan after their previous venture, Jai Lalitha. Produced by Uday K. Mehta, the film released on 6 February 201 Rudra Tandava follows a timid young man who has a loving family. When his brother, a government official, is murdered, the protagonist and his father plans to take revenge in their own separate ways. As clouds begin to roll, we see the afternoon life of a busy city. Cars jam the streets, as people make squares of the side streets they walk on. People queue in line as they try to board the city train. This is SAM's picture of his daily route to the university. He is a young filmmaker, who in his daily commute, picks up his girlfriend ISA from the train station before heading to school together. A lonely guy falls for a girl from the wrong side of the tracks. When she finds herself in trouble with some very bad people he goes to extreme measures to keep her safe. When US-raised Jaden returns to his birthplace Myanmar, to search for his roots, he discovers a shocking truth, a new love and ultimately a possible future in his homeland. An army recruit was found dead during a 24km road march. After the death of the recruit, strange things started to happen, haunting all the soldiers in the barracks. Rusty Wittenburg is a Navy SEAL struggling to balance his family life and his job. He fights daily to maintain the line between reality and the nightmares his PTSD conjures up for him. Dedicated to his team and his mission, he is willing to give the ultimate sacrifice for his fellow brothers and teammates. Romantic comedy-drama about a husband (Sordi) who is jealous of his wife's (Vitti) infatuation with a Professor. Apoorva Sagodharargal is about Sethupathy, an honest and upright police officer. Park Eun-jin is a loudmouthed thirty-year-old with an abysmal track record in romantic relationships. Freewheeling and adventurous, she is also irresponsible and reckless, pushing away the timid and the cautious, yet always falling for the romantic dreams of the love-conquers-minor-details-like-my-lover's-married-status variety. After a spectacular break-up with a co-worker, Eun-jin shares a cab ride with Kim Hyeon-seok, a nerdish, awkward young man. Against all odds, they begin a courtship and eventually decide to get married. One night, however, Eun-jin finds a suspicious text message sent to her paramour's smartphone. Angered, she enlists the help of her female cop friend So-young and her doofus ex-marine brother Eun-gyul to get to the bottom of what she suspects is Hyeon-seok's two-timing affair. What she finds out, however, is something else altogether. When Vaughn invites friends to a cabin for the weekend to meet his fiance, one unexpectedly arrives with his ex-girlfriend. Long repressed feelings are reawakened and his engagement is thrown into doubt in this subversive romantic comedy. Fat Chance is a grassroots Australian story of physical conquest that will change the way you feed your family forever.  This new documentary follows Warren Hepsworth who sets out to ride a pushbike from Perth to Melbourne on a low-carb, high-fat diet. You'll see Warren's preparation for the ride as well as highlights and lowlights from the journey, and the diet change.  The movie attempts to debunk the notion that athletes have to carb load and that you can't get your energy from fat. In the process we learn that much of what we've been told about a healthy diet is wrong. Some Detroit strippers find a bundle containing 100 thousand dollars and run off to California to open yet another strip club. Unfortunately, the money belonged to a gangster and he hunts them down. Charlie who is a professional screenwriter trying to make ends meet by pumping out as many screenplays as he can. Erin is an actress appearing in films and theatre productions hoping to find success and herself in the process. After meeting by chance on a film set they become close friends and share in lamenting over the realities of romance in their lives. Charlie and Erin decide to make a pact to create the greatest romance they can imagine. They plan to write their dates and perform them with all cliches they grew up with and wished would happen to them. However all the romantic overtures don't go off exactly as planned... But as they pretend to have the perfect love will they discover the feelings they could have for each other? The Police Commissioner, Advocate Sinha and Police Inspector Vikram Singh arrive at the Central Mental Hospital to speak with an inmate, Arun Saxena. They hope to get Vikram to befriend Arun so that they could unravel the mystery as to why Arun ended up romancing wealthy Sapna, then getting involved with Jyoti, and subsequently killing her. Arun is arrested, confesses to the the homicide and is sentenced to be hanged. This news unsettles Arun to such an extend that he becomes mentally unstable and is institutionalized. Vikram hopes to befriend Arun, get him cured and medically discharged, and ensure that he is hanged. When a teen tries to set up a band at his school, his mother who was a big fan of Elvis Presley gets in a wreck he and his band members decides to kidnap Elvis and have him hooked up with his mother. A delayed flight makes Jeronimo extend his stay in the city he is visiting. There is where he meets Lisa after some time without seeing each other. Lisa invites him to wait at her home until the departure of his flight. Meanwhile they spend time with some friends: Dante wants to do a movie and Lucila wants to sing her song. The uncertainty flying around resembles the way they approach. Characters ranging in a summer of indecision, where nothing seems to hurry them. Grey is an office worker with a bit of a shopping addiction. One day, just after being fired, she comes across a gorgeous pair of shoes that she couldn't possibly afford. Before she fully understood what she was doing, she's stolen the shoes, and in a desperate bid to escape, she climbs into a truck. As fate would have it, the truck is also a stolen good, and the person who stole it is none other than the person currently driving it, small-time crook Shrek. An unruly and spoiled girl Nancy is sent to the Physical Education College, which cultivates students into sports elites with strict regulations. Although her cousin Ken tries to help her get used to the ascetic life there, it doesn't turn out as he intended. In order to pursue the handsome captain Tom, Nancy quits her favorite volleyball, but joins the Kung Fu team. What really annoys her is another girl Tina, who sees Nancy's crush on Tom, is still chummy with Tom. Experiencing inter-school Kung Fu tournament enables Nancy to learn a lot from the Principle, her teammates and even rivals. Through tears and pains, the young ones grow up and get closer to their dreams. Since then, Nancy has found that practicing Kung Fu is no longer for wooing a guy... As a publicity stunt, a musical comedy star announces her engagement to a young man she believes is a gigolo, with whom she eventually falls in love. A bachelor who decides to propose to his girlfriend with his mother's ring only to have the ring accidentally knocked into the gutter by a boy. He experiences the crazy nightlife in Taipei and meets many interesting individuals throughout his mission to get the ring back. Pablo lives happily in Rio de Janeiro, but his son is about to be expelled from school in Argentina. He has to go back to Buenos Aires and fix things. Still to be released The story of a superhero and her insecure boyfriend. 1925, In a mining town in the middle of nowhere in Chile. The daughter of an anarchist hairdresser falls deeply in love with a trumpeter. They will have to fight dictatorship in order to save their love. Love for the same woman causes conflict between an over-achieving blind athlete and the brother who made him that way. LOVE ABOVE ALL THINGS is a passionate love story that unfolds over the course of five years. In it we witness the trials and tribulations Of Teo and Ana, their separations, reunions, euphoria, disappointments and joy. Ana cannot love any man other than Teo and Teo cannot live without Ana, but their love affair will not last, that is their destiny. Years pass and their lives continue with their peculiar love story that sometimes enlightens them and sometimes tears them down. A group of movie people, director, screenwriter, producer, actors and actresses meet for a weekend at a remote house. Proceedings soon begin to resemble a typical slasher film: couples pair off, have sex, and get either murdered or abducted After her father, Golden Rings, is killed by the Deadly Blade, the Moon Goddess sends out invitations to all the top fighters in the region to try and lure out the Deadly Blade and force him to kill his own son. However, things do not go according to plan. Toji Seryo is a popular first year high school student. It's well known that Toji Seryo will date anyone that confesses their affection for him on a Monday, but he will break up with that person by Sunday.  Yuzuru Shino is a third year student at the same high school. He looks pretty, but all of his former girlfriends end up dumping him. Yuzuru Shino becomes curious about Toji Seryo. On a whim, half serious & half joking, Yuzuru Shino asks Toji Seryo to date. A young, vibrant, character driven comedy set against the backdrop of a British University. Two students decide to make their own unique brand of L.S.D to pay off their tuition fees, and ultimately try and stay in school.  Barkhaa is a Bollywood Romantic film, directed by Shadaab Mirza and produced by Shabana Hashmi. It stars Sara Loren in lead titular role. The film also stars Taaha Shah, Shweta Pandit, Priyanshu Chatterjee and Puneet Issar in prominent roles. The film was extensively shot in Himachal Pradesh, India. Marketing of the film was done by Hash Entertainment and is distributed under the banner of Zahara Productions. It was released on March 27, 2015. Explores the blurring lines of the friendship between Magic, a naive people-pleasing Brit, and Jamie, a hard-edged, self-sabotaging lesbian, as they fall for each other in more ways than one. Once upon a time, in Paris, a woman, forty years old, photographer. Her Italian husband, and her young daughter are on holidays, in Sicily. It's summer. It's warm. Elodie is alone, she feels free. She can work whenever she wants about her project : French taxi drivers.So each day, each night, she meets new women and new men. She travels in another world.Very far from her diary life, until that moment : 'R' calls her. Few weeks ago, she kissed him on a square. It was ' a summer kiss'... But now, he wants to see her again. Orange, red, green... the color of the traffic lights... What way must she follow? must she avoid his callings or accept a last appointment? Toji Seryo is a popular first year high school student. It's well known that Toji Seryo will date anyone that confesses their affection for him on a Monday, but he will break up with that person by Sunday. Yuzuru Shino is a third year student at the same high school. He looks pretty, but all of his former girlfriends end up dumping him. Yuzuru Shino becomes curious about Toji Seryo. On a whim, half serious and half joking, Yuzuru Shino asks Toji Seryo to date. The film is based on a comic. Part 1 follows Monday to Thursday. Part 2 follows Friday to Sunday. When their plane is rerouted due to a hurricane warning, two single female best friends find themselves competing for the same guy during an extended layover in St. Louis.  Alex, a lovable, unassuming dog trainer is in love with a great woman - Katherine - smart, talented, from a good family. Katherine adores Alex's quirky sense of humor, honesty and capacity to listen. Having decided to pop the question, Alex is blindsided when Katherine produces a detailed list of well-thought-out "improvements" she feels will tweak Alex on their way to becoming the ideal couple. Alex instinctively rejects the suggestion that he needs to change anything. But with the threat of a new competitor, Alex decides to "do the list." Guided by a coterie of friends that include: Dave, Alex's loyal childhood buddy, best female friend Lily, her husband Michael, and their 8 year old son, Nicky, Alex's journey has him reconsider and question his beliefs, values and world. What happens when you secretly pay someone to romance your Mom? A professional horror movie extra prepares for her first ever acting award nomination. Two lovers are on the run in this psychedelic fairy tale that blurs lines of sexuality and identity. Let's Get Married is a 1937 American comedy film starring Ida Lupino, who plays the daughter of a political consultant, Joe Quinn. From Wikipedia He Jianhao is released from the Boys' Home and his mother Huifang, is worried that he would be led astray again. Thus, she wants him to look after her stall in Bugis under her stepsister's supervision. Jian Hao's girlfriend Shanshan also manages to convince him to retake his O-levels. Jian Hao is getting back on the right path and his future seems promising. Jianhao's friend, Zach, joined a gang Yi Ren Tang to get protection as he is always bullied by Alex. Wang Guodong is a gang leader of 660 and also the father of Alex. Jianhao joined the Yi Ren Tang after much persuasion from Zach... After the demise of warlord Nobunaga ODA, Japan was about to be unified by Hideyoshi TOYOTOMI. However, there was one man in Kanto region that was defiant to it. That man, who named himself TenmaOh (Mirai MORIYAMA) and leads the KANTO DOKURO-TO, an armed group hiding in the pitch-black DOKURO-JO (skull castle), once worked for NOBUNAGA. Sutenosuke (Shun OGURI) happens to rescue a woman who has been chased by the KANTO DOKURO-TO, which was headed by the bloodthirsty madman TenmaOh. A compilation of stories about the unique bonds between characters living in Suffolk. Tatie Danielle is a black comedy about a widow who is intent on ruining the lives of her great-nephew and his wife. Tsilla Chelton plays the title character, who mourns the death of her husband by tormenting everyone she meets. Eventually, she moves in with her nephew and his vain wife. Soon, her family is at war with Tatie, and takes off for Greece, leaving her in the care of Sandrine (Isabelle Nanty), an au pair who is as equally bitter as Tatie herself. At first the two don't get along, yet the two eventually become friends. However, Sandrine is invited to accompany an American student for an overnight stay at the beach, which would leave Tatie alone for a night. Angered, Tatie fires Sandrine, and while she is alone, she goes into deep depression, eventually setting the family's apartment on fire. The fire becomes a national story, with Tatie cast as a poor old lady and the family labeled as cruel and heartless villains. When three childhood friends reunite on one midsummer night, their delirious abandon and reminiscence explodes into a daring search for hope and deliverance from the burden of their dreams. Disney Sing-Along-Songs: Colors of the Wind  Ishq Click is an upcoming 2016 Bollywood Romantic film, directed by Anil Balani and produced by Ajay Jaiswal and Satish Tripathi. It stars Adhyayan Suman and Sara Loren. The film is based on the life of a supermodel from Mumbai who struggles very hard to become a top model and a photographer who helps her in her struggle. A lot has changed in the lives of our men, but in the sequel to Men in the City, finding their true love turns out to be everything but a fairytale. So the search continues in full swing. Coffee Ani Barach Kahi, The movie about colleague working in IT Company and falling in love with each other over the cup of Coffee! Omar is a mid-level gangster in Oslo. A family secret is revealed when his "dead" sister isn't dead at all. Omar is ordered to find her. Joining him is his cousin and fellow gangster Khuram, and together they face an unknown Norway where his sister Amina has lead a secret and quite successful life. Can a boy in love win over his beloved's heart and change her views on love and commitment? A tragic love story based in the life of the great latin american boxer Edwin "El Inca" Valero. There are lot of things that bind India and Pakistan together and their tragic history is definitely one of them. A history which changed the lives of millions...a history which re-wrote the destinies of millions. Ishq Ke Parindey is a love story of Indo-Pak love birds - Sheen and Faiz who protect the flame of their sacred love from hatred and violence. An innocent and beautiful Pakistani girl, Sheen arrives in Lucknow along with her family. It is in the royal city of Nawabs that she meets her soul mate - Faiz. Love blossoms for both of them and what follows is a deadly fight against their families. Ishq Ke Parindey is a soulful journey of Sheen and Faiz's love story. When Ida, cheeks streaked by mascara tears, unexpectedly shows up at her sister's, the staid Alison bargains her way out of mom duty for the night and the two head off to an Eastside wine bar. There, they run into Will and the freshly divorced, sweatpants-attired Clark. After some slightly inebriated commiserating about mismanaged marriages and other adult concerns, the foursome head out into the night, careening from downtown lofts to pot dispensaries to midnight swims and back again, determined to prove they still have what it takes to have a good time. Raised as a slave, Danny is used to fighting for his survival. In fact, his "master," Bart, thinks of him as a pet and goes as far as leashing him with a collar so they can make money in fight clubs, where Danny is the main contender. When Bart's crew is in a car accident, Danny escapes and meets a blind, kindhearted piano tuner who takes him in and uses music to free the fighter's long-buried heart. When his father - who owned a circus - dies, Oscar inherits 5 million dollars - and 3 orang outangs. However there's a condition connected to the money: if he gives away the apes or just one gets sick or dies during the next 3 years, the zoologic society will get all the money. So he not only has to deal with 3 apes and an annoyed girlfriend, but also with a greedy zoologic society's president. Ji Ya Qing goes on a business trip right before her wedding. She meets on her stay at the hotel a young man intent on the search of an old lady, having in his possession only letters his grandfather wrote before passing away. They go together on a journey in the country scenery of China, in the quest of the lady in the letters. This journey yet holds more for both of them, as they discover what love could mean and bring. This story of love and espionage focuses on political turmoil as a small nation struggles to free itself from colonial rule, and one man tries to serve both justice and his own heart.   Suzana 2 is second serie of suzana set in Bujumbura  Tif(Kook-K) after helping a girl(Suzana) move out a village to live with him in the city Bujumbura  she caught up with modern world, she changes the way she dresses, start partying to much,  It she ever gonna remember who brought her in city Teen romance is complicated for a boy who's secretly in love with a college girl but who's also captured the heart of a high school freshman. Wish freedom and feel responsibility. 3days road movie of prince and a girl. It's a romantic story between prince and Levelle Kingdom on an escape journey and a girl living freely in Japanese city, with a stylish Asian taste of colorful and vivid images. The story is set in a city of beautiful mother nature, fashion, artistic architectures, and history Star-crossed lovers from different social strata struggle to overcome differences in class and family expectation, as well as a long separation. Lialia - molodaia krasivaia aktrisa - ochen' liubit svoego muzha Grishu - neputevogo, neustroennogo, nesostoiavshegosia pisatelia. A Lialiu liubit vzroslyi, uspeshnyi, sil'nyi muzhik - proslavlennyi dramaturg Smolianov. Chego bol'she v otnoshenii Liali k nemu - liubvi ili blagodarnosti za nalazhennuiu zhizn', reshennye problemy i uverennost' v zavtrashnem dne? Popytka soedinit' nesoedinimoe, zhit' dvumia zhizniami odnovremenno konchaetsia krakhom dlia vsekh uchastnikov etogo treugol'nika, vse ugly koto-rogo boleznenno-ostrye. A timid young grad student madly in love with her scientist boss offers her body to his research. A true story of survival, as a young couple's chance encounter leads them first to love, and then on the adventure of a lifetime as they face one of the most catastrophic hurricanes in recorded history. A story and friendship of five wealthy and successful women Georgia, Chloe, Stella, Charley, and the newest in the group Ina. The four older women take Ina under their wing as they teach her the "rules" in their "secret" world. Most importantly, they teach Ina on how to go about their secrets. A love triangle between a successful businessman, a schoolteacher and a musician Holly is tired of moving every time her mom Jean breaks up with yet another second-rate guy. To distract her mother from her latest bad choice, Holly conceives the perfect plan for the perfect man, an imaginary secret admirer who will romance Jean and boost her self-esteem. A psychological drama thriller based on infidelity....  Raquel (Anita Reeves), a teacher who resists the idea of retiring, one day comes to teach a class at her old school, only to find out she has been replaced with someone much younger. But she will insist on teaching, and will be supported by her former students who will occupy the classroom demanding her reinstatement, leading to a small revolution that will threaten the establishment's order. A remote fishing village in Iceland. Teenage boys Thor and Christian experience a turbulent summer as one tries to win the heart of a girl while the other discovers new feelings toward his best friend. When summer ends and the harsh nature of Iceland takes back its rights, it's time to leave the playground and face adulthood. A gang of ruthless highway killers kidnap a wealthy couple traveling cross country only to shockingly discover that things are not what they seem. An 11-year-old girl watches her father come down with a crippling depression. Over one summer, she learns answers to several mysteries and comes to terms with love and loss. Jerryy is the story about a cool, handsome and rich guy, Jaiveer Rana or Jerryy (Anmol KC), who believes "Love is like a Chinese mobile with no guarantee" and his trip to Mustang where he truly falls in love with a beautiful girl, Aakansha (Anna Sharma) and everything after is romance and heartbreaks. Lobster Napoleon, crab sofritto tapas and jumbo shrimp with bacon vinaigrette are just a few of the sumptuous shellfish dishes chef David Forestell demonstrates in his cooking show, "Gaslight Gourmet." In these three half-hour segments, Forestell trades tips and quips with his wine expert buddy, Robert Mines, while making use of the ocean's bounty by whipping up one delectable dish after another. A grief-stricken man and a bipolar woman fall in love and attempt to forge a simple life together. The movie is about how the Youth of America born to Immigrants in America leads their life. The perspective of the second generation of American about America. A story about an aspiring professional singer and a rock singer who collaborates in a song. As they work on their song, they start to develop feelings for each other. A rich playboy falls unexpectedly for a kind girl and tries to get closer to her. But he gets chased by his past affairs, and lives a series of unfortunate events. Charlie is a troublesome 18-year-old who breaks out of a youth drug treatment clinic, but when he returns home to Los Angeles, he's given an intervention by his parents and forced to go to an adult rehab. There, he meets a beautiful but troubled girl, Eva, and is forced to battle with drugs, elusive love and divided parents. A group of teenagers go for a partying weekend in the woods, but unknown to them the woods is home to a legend. The legend of a young girl who was bullied and then committed suicide...... Carlos is a man who goes to a coffee shop-library to take a cup, where Irene is reading a book. Not a reason for it, Irene close to Carlos and talks with him, starting a friendship with a little rules: no pasts, no birth names, no modern ways to contact between them (as Internet or similar), and finally not falling in love each other. Calling themselves Hada Chalada ('Crazy Fairy') and Duende Chiflado ('Mad Goblin'), both pass the days walking around the city engaged with magic, surrealist and funnies conversations about life, love and themselves, at the same time that Carlos tries to end his new script with his friend Cristobal, and eccentric writer obsessed with Japan. After losing his father, Asheng renovates his seashore house to open an inn, where he awaits his mother, who left 20 years before. A beautiful piece by a Chinese talent who studied in Japan and France. Fausto is destined to live the suicide of his beloved wife. After this tragic event, he's inexplicably given the opportunity to travel back in time and change the faith of the woman who he loves. A rich heiress who falls in love with a man who is not as financially stable as herself. When former love interests make an appearance, the new lovers face challenges. A woman tries to mend the broken pieces of her last life, as she is now involved with a new sexual relationship with a man. In a near-future Britain, young Alexander DeLarge and his pals get their kicks beating and raping anyone they please. When not destroying the lives of others, Alex swoons to the music of Beethoven. The state, eager to crack down on juvenile crime, gives an incarcerated Alex the option to undergo an invasive procedure that'll rob him of all personal agency. In a time when conscience is a commodity, can Alex change his tune? This film tracks a hasty marriage through its first 365 days. Roland Sallinger is an LA cop who after nearly being killed by his greedy partner, and eventually being forced to retire for medical reasons, flees to San Antonio, Texas, after being asked to work as a bodyguard for the daughter of a wealthy businessman. The businessman had been a colleague of Sallinger years before, when they were both cops. When mobsters kidnap the businessman's daughter, he hunts them down to rescue her and protect her An ambitious girl seeks out her destiny and true love , when tables start to take a turn she meets a man who gives her a completely new perspective to life and love. When Diego's girlfriend decides to leave him after a disastrous anniversary getaway, he will find any means possible to amend or fix what happened. Even if it means competing with different versions of himself when traveling through time. Devayani wishes to become a doctor, but ends up becoming a taxi driver when the responsibilities fell on her shoulders after the death of her father. When a woman starts driving a car the people around called she taxi. Joe Joseph is an affluent person who leads a luxurious life. Joe with his two friends joins Devayani and three other ladies - Meera Mamen, Sradha, and Roopa Pillai who are also on a trip of ten days. This trip changed Devayani's life forever. Eight twenty-somethings gather together to celebrate the birthday of a mutual friend. Before the evening concludes, relationships are tested, hearts are broken and passions are renewed. Wedding Pullav shows the story of two best friends Adi (Diganth) and Anushka (Anushka Ranjan) who are in love but they themselves are unaware of it. When Anushka is invited to attend the wedding of Diganth this love confusion further increases. On one hand Diganth is jealous with Anushkas boyfriend while on other side Anushka do not like Diganth to marry another girl whom she initially praises. The story then moves to a stage where they know their feelings but not sure what to do next. Every spring, there comes a day when women appear on the streets wearing skirts. Love is in the air on skirt day and the film follows sixteen colourful characters who attend a 'Cooking Class for Singles.' They hope to find their match during cooking speed-dates. Will ambitious lawyer Marijke win from her sexy best-friend Danielle? And is the shy Edwin able to put to practice what he learned through lessons on 'how to seduce a woman'? And what about the founders of the Cooking Class: Alexandra and Bor. Is their marriage as good as Alexandra so desperately needs it to be? We follow them and other characters in this modern day romantic comedy on their collective journey in finding true love.  Timepass 2 is sequel of Marathi movie Timepass A holistic family drama with a sports element. Run for Love is a Chinese romance anthology film featuring five love stories respectively in Japan, United States, Norway, Turkey and Saipan. With more than 1.2 million spectators, the 2011 feature film, Qualquer Gato Vira-Lata, gets its sequel in QUALQUER GATO VIRA-LATA 2. In the first film, Tati (Cleo Pires) and Conrado (Malvino Salvador) finally get together after a series of misunderstandings with Tati's ex-boyfriend, Marcelo (Dudu Azevedo). In this sequel, the new couple travels to a paradisiac location, a beautiful resort in Mexico where Professor Conrado is going to give a lecture. While there Tati decides to take advantage of the occasion and the beautiful landscape "to take a step forward" in her relationship with Conrado. But her plans do not work out. Marcelo, who is extremely jealous, accompanies everything from afar, finding out that the couple fought he regains hope and packs his bags destination the resort. And now? Who will Tati choose? After various adventures, encounters and mishaps, will Tati finally find her true love? Tom and Joe have been together for years. And to some extent, have been together alone. You Are My Sunshine charts their humble beginnings in a world only just waking up to homosexuality, to present day, and a world facing their elder selves. As present day brings further conflict as well as the potential change in the air, Tom and Joe's story will be shown from its first monumental day all the way to its loving last. Roger (Lamman Rucker) is an undeniably charismatic playboy with ill intentions. He manages to date three sisters, Ashley, Michelle and Eadie, all while convincing their unsuspecting mother (Vivica A. Fox) that he is a good guy. The other love-affair on the set of Hollywood's most expensive film of its day. Against the backdrop of the much publicised love affair of Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton, a young woman finds herself in the backstage world of the famous 1963 Ancient Egyptian blockbuster in a film studio near Rome. We follow her as she embarks on her own intense emotional romance over the final days of the shooting of the doomed epic. Burton and Taylor's romance remains a constant presence during her own romantic awakening in a world she knows nothing about. A Short Epic About Love is a love-letter to the films of the golden era of 1960s CineCitta Studios where Hollywood's view of Ancient Rome met the contemporary Rome of Fellini. Kinjiro, an official with the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries, is a good-natured fellow who goes around the country helping farm families. At his new appointment in Usuki City, Oita Prefecture, he visits a tea-growing family he has known for a long time. There, he finds the family head's granddaughter Minori, who lost her job in Tokyo and has just returned home. A famous photographer, Jo Ellen Hathaway, has been being stalked for quite some time. She returns to the island she grew up on in an effort to get away from the stalker and get some well-needed relaxation time. On the island, she meets up with old friends and boyfriends and works on relationships with her family. However, she can't shake the feeling that she's still being watched. Munch-Fals' script follows Adam, who has so far been spoiled by life - a good job, a lovely wife, an expensive villa, an independent son - but still it isn't good enough. Even the swinger weekend trips he has been taking with his wife have become a joyless routine, and his youthful optimism and appetite for life are distant memories. Then, one day, at another swingers' club, he does what swingers don't do - he falls in love. The story of Richard and Mildred Loving, an interracial couple, whose challenge of their anti-miscegenation arrest for their marriage in Virginia led to a legal battle that would end at the US Supreme Court. A woman hires actors and strangers to pretend to be her friends and family at her wedding. Relive this exciting matchup from the International Cricket Council's Cricket World Cup 2003, in which India is pitted against Pakistan in a do-or-die qualifying round. India faces an early and large deficit, but the talents of players such as Rahul Dravid, Virender Sehwag and batsman Sachin Tendulkar (in a Man of the Match performance) were equal to the task. This program also contains a bonus presentation that profiles Tendulkar. Hate turns to love as a man begins to appreciate living in forced proximity with a lovely Canadian-Indian woman.  Prince goes Sahel in this colorful homage to Purple Rain. Set among the sub-Saharan Tuareg people, and reputedly the first feature film in their Tamashek language (which has no word for "purple," hence the title). Resplendent in a purple robe and matching chopper, smoking hot guitarist Mdou Moctar arrives in a music-mad Niger town and sets about wooing a local beauty, clashing with his pious father, and fencing with the jealous king of the local scene (Kader Tanoutanoute, as wily and dapper as Morris Day) until their climactic six-string shootout. A young hairdresser enters into the modeling world while fearing retaliation from her puritanical mother and stalker ex-boyfriend. Valerie, a woman in her mid 40's lives a morose existence with her husband, Gilles. She discovers the throes of passion when Sophie, a friend of hers in dire need moves into the household. Valerie finds herself capable of going to any lengths to keep this newfound bliss from slipping away. In the questionable town of Deer Meadow, Washington, FBI Agent Desmond inexplicably disappears while hunting for the man who murdered a teen girl. The killer is never apprehended, and, after experiencing dark visions and supernatural encounters, Agent Dale Cooper chillingly predicts that the culprit will claim another life. Meanwhile, in the more cozy town of Twin Peaks, hedonistic beauty Laura Palmer hangs with lowlifes and seems destined for a grisly fate. In search for "Ghashphul" 21 years old Towkir trips into a world of memory where at the end he feels as if he is reborn. Following a ridiculously awful flight that leads to his pet's death, Nashawn Wade files a lawsuit against the airline, and wins a multimillion-dollar settlement. Determined to create a better flying experience, Nashawn starts his own airline, one that caters to an African-American clientele. Going into business with a tricked-out plane piloted by the smooth Capt. Mack, the airline hits a snag when it has to deal with the family of Elvis Hunkee.  Three stages in George's life, and three girls he encounters in each stage. A student writer struggles to find a happy ending for her romantic story when her own real life romance falls apart. Billy and Lucy have grown up together in a small, close-knit Australian country town, where they form one of the town's most formidable Ute driving teams. When Billy takes one risky car stunt too far, Lucy declares she is moving to the city - sending Billy into a spin. Amid the mayhem of the town's annual "Bachelors and Spinsters" party, Billy only has one night to wake up to his true feelings for his best friend - or lose her forever. Spin Out is a fresh, feel-good comedy romance for the young and the young at heart. Dave Chappelle takes on gun culture, the opioid crisis and the tidal wave of celebrity scandals in this defiant stand-up special. 2013 oriya film directed by Deepak panda. At a picturesque lakeside estate, a love triangle unfolds between the legendary diva Irina, her lover Boris, and the ingenue Nina. Retreating from life after a tragedy, a man questions the universe by writing to Love, Time and Death. Receiving unexpected answers, he begins to see how these things interlock and how even loss can reveal moments of meaning and beauty. This film revolves around a youth named Prakashan, who moved to Gujarat 15 years ago.[6] Prakashan (Fahadh Faasil) works an assistant to his uncle (T G Ravi) who runs a decrepit tyre shop at Kutch. Having moved to Gujarat years back, Prakashan nurtures a dream of marrying Esha (Mrudula Murali) and of paying off his uncle's debts. Sequence of images created using a photocopier. When his astrologer uncle (Satish Kaushik) predicts a favorable future for Raja (Akshay Kumar), he decides to nothing until the prediction comes true. When he meets Shalu (Juhi Chawla) the daughter of a millionaire (Kadar Khan) he decides his predicted future has arrived. However his lazy lifestyle does not meet with his future father-in-law's standards, and he insists that Raja does some hard work for a change. A teenager falls in love with the mother of his best friend. Paranoid, he will imagine that her husband, stepfather of his friend is chasing him. For a school assignment he meets Jose, an Ecuadorian illegal immigrant musician. Pierre, widowed and retired, has not been out of his house for two years. He discovers the joys of the internet thanks to Alex, a young man hired by his daughter to teach him the basics of computer science. On a meeting place, a charming young woman, Flora63, seduced by the romanticism of Pierre, offers her a first date. Lovers, Pierre is back. But on his profile he put a picture of Alex and not his own. Pierre must convince the young man to meet Flora in his place Tells the incredible true story of Amberley Snyder, a nationally ranked rodeo barrel racer who defies the odds after barely surviving a car accident that leaves her paralyzed from the waist down. Siddharth, a young boy is brought up by his single mother with dreams of settling abroad. Being a part of a rock band "Antriksha"; Siddharth participates in a contest which changes his life completely. Not only that, he meets Neha - a folk singer and a social activist and gets smitten by her ideologies. In the midst of all this, he comes face to face with his father's death. Will Siddharth be able to come across the truth? Will he realize his passion, discover himself or will his mother convince him to let go off his past? Sung-Chil works at the Jang-Soo Store which is owned by Jang-Soo. Sung-Chil is stubborn and has a bad temper, but he changes after meeting Geum-Nim. Geun-Nim runs a flower shop and her daughter Min-Jung does not like her meeting Sung-Chil. The movie features varied forms of love: family love, sibling love, puppy love, unrequited love, ruined love, prospering love, in denial love, jaded love, and true love, among others. After all, what the world needs now is love. A comedy directed by Alexander Peter Lercher. Diane is a well-known lawyer, divorced for three years. She loses her mobile telephone and receives a call from the person who finds it. That person is Alexandre, a charming man and the perfect gentleman. They make a connection over the phone and agree to meet up the following day. But when Alexandre arrives, there's a surprise in store when Diane discovers he is only 4' 6" tall. From that moment on, Diane tries to overcome the prejudices of society and her own fears to experience the best time of her life...  The film is a comedy of errors, in which three guys land up in Bangkok amidst a lot of confusion over their marriage with three girls. They are forced to do insane things in order to woo ... A young man and woman running away from their homes are taken to a police station, where they become spectators to the goings-on at the place. Two jilted school boys, murdered by the mother of the girls whom they love, return as ghosts and haunt the girls to get their revenge. An old, abandoned bicycle learns to love again. Rhode Island State Trooper Charlie Baileygates has a multiple personality disorder. One personality is crazy and aggressive, while the other is more friendly and laid back. Both of these personalities fall in love with the same woman named Irene after Charlie loses his medication. Documentary in which painter and critic Matthew Collings charts the rise of abstract art over the last 100 years, whilst trying to answer a set of basic questions that many people have about this often-baffling art form. How do we respond to abstract art when we see it? Is it supposed to be hard or easy? When abstract artists chuck paint about with abandon, what does it mean? Does abstract art stand for something or is it supposed to be understood as just itself? The sale of a successful businessman's company brings moochers and relatives into his life. Long-term couple Owen and Hallie are breaking up--or maybe not?--and just as their relationship reaches a turning point, Matt and Willa embark on a romance of their own. Throughout his four years in college, Fidel, a stuttering student, tries to finish 100 poems dedicated to Stella, an aspiring but frustrated rock star, to win her heart. Two college students fall in love one year before graduation and have bright futures ahead until one of them develops schizophrenia. The exploitation of the country's mineral wealth is projected as the most reasonable solution to deal with the economic crisis that plagues Greece. The Greek state has ceded its mining rights over 31.700 ha of land in northern Halkidiki, a region rich in gold, copper and other metals, to the Canadian multinational company Eldorado Gold. However, many of the region's inhabitants, who have been resisting the construction of a goldmine for years, claim that this investment will cause irreparable damage to the environment and the benefits will be fewer than the losses.  "Cassandra's Treasure" presents a detailed picture of the modern Greek state before and during the crisis period. After losing her dream job at a fashion magazine -- and her boyfriend, Danielle heads home to Romania. With the help of her colorful family, she rediscovers herself and her love of fashion. On the day of his daughter's birthday, William "D-Fens" Foster is trying to get to the home of his estranged ex-wife to see his daughter. His car breaks down, so he leaves his car in a traffic jam in Los Angeles and decides to walk. He goes to a convenience store and tries to get some change for a phone call, but the Korean owner does not oblige, tipping Foster over the edge. The unstable Foster, so frustrated with the various flaws he sees in society, begins to psychotically and violently lash out against them. A German soldier tries to determine if the Dutch resistance has planted a spy to infiltrate the home of Kaiser Wilhelm in Holland during the onset of World War II, but falls for a young Jewish Dutch woman during his investigation. New Zealand hip-hop artist Che Fu and his father Tigi Ness travel to their island homeland Niue for the first time to unravel the shared histories. There they also wow the locals with a performance at the Niue Arts and Cultural Festival. Peter and Lisbeth are two young but unfortunate lovers living in a rigid rural community in the Black Forest. She comes from a wealthy family of glassblowers; he is a poor coal worker on the lower end of society. To become rich and respected, Peter makes a pact with a devil named Dutch Michael, who rips out his heart and replaces it with a stone. Robbed of all warmth and feeling, Peter becomes a cold-hearted go-getter who rapidly achieves his goals. Ruthlessly he strives for money and power. Aram, the Iranian Armenian youth who has immigrated to the US in childhood returns to Armenia for the first time to propose to an Armenian girlfriend Aram met and lived with in the US. Aram sees many cultural, religious, and national differences on the one day trip, but harder obstacles are ahead. Based partially on the story of Bonnie and Clyde, Eddie Taylor is an ex-convict who cannot get a break after being released from prison. When he is framed for murder, Taylor is forced to flee with his wife Joan Graham and baby. While escaping prison after being sentenced to death, Taylor becomes a real murderer, condemning himself and Joan to a life of crime and death on the road. A sports fan loses everything for being addicted to his team and soccer. He then starts a quest to find a cure and recover his wife's love. Babloo (Vinay), a con artist, works for Shankar Dada (Prabhu), a local goon, whose rival Soori ( Pradeep Rawat), is planning to kill Deepika, Shankar's sister (Sharmila) to avenge the murder of his son. Meanwhile, Deepika falls in love with Babloo but her doting brother has other plans for her. A rock band gets stuck on a haunted farm while visiting its lead singer's family. A married man's one night stand comes back to haunt him when that lover begins to stalk him and his family. A teen's life turns upside down when her boyfriend impregnates both her and a new student at school. When Aaron, an ex-fighter, turns to music after years of being knocked around and left with permanent mental disabilities, he falls for Jana, an off-centered Bulgarian immigrant living in New York. While he recognizes that she is as crazy as he is, Jana does not share the same opinion. But her brother, Bobby, an up and coming wannabe fighter, decides to convince her she is that crazy in order to get Aaron in the ring against him. Three women use their newly formed sisterhood to fight against sexism, bad relationships and low self-esteem. Through embracing their wild adventures, they learn the secret to ultimate fulfillment. The bitter sweet relationship between a young singer and her musician mentor set against the backdrop of the jazz clubs of Mumbai and the musicians from Goa during the 60s.  In the 1960s Lawrence Vaz a young Goan musician playing in the nightclubs of Mumbai, returns to Goa to find a singer for his band. He meets a promising young singer Dona Pereira and convinces her parents to let her sing in his band. While Lawry moulds the impressionable young Dona into a talented singer, they fall deeply in love. The romance between musician and singer turns into a bitter battle for love and acceptance.  Based on actual events this quasi-biographical film is a tribute to a great Goan , yet barely acknowledged, legacy. Musicians who once upon a time set the jazz clubs of Mumbai on fire and actually shaped the music of Bollywood cinem When unsuccessful actress Clarissa returns to her hometown for a wedding and tries to impress her old friends by claiming she's dating big time celebrity Chas Hunter, she suddenly finds herself in a comically false engagement when her lies go public and Chas decides to join the festivities in a stunt to escape bad press. Following the exciting story of the world's oldest sharpshooters Chandro and Prakashi Tomar, the drama marks the directorial debut of acclaimed scriptwriter Tushar Hiranandani. The film stars Bhumi Pednekar and Taapsee Pannu. Marcy, a worker in the reelection campaign of bumbling Senator John McGlory, is sent to Ireland on a quest to find the Irish ancestry of Sen. McGlory, to help him win the Irish vote. But when Marcy arrives in the small village of Ballinagra, she finds herself in the middle of a matchmaking festival, and the local matchmaker is determined to pair her off with one of the local bachelors. Lange stunningly portrays Patsy Cline, the velvet-voiced country singer who died in a tragic plane crash. New Luis Galvao Teles movie A preacher without resources spends his days reciting Bible verses. One day he meets a young jobless girl who wanders on Hollywood Boulevard. An impossible love story begins. The film has been shot in various parts of India like Jaipur, Jaisalmer and Mumbai. The film is set in the modern milieu with traditional Indian backdrop and values. It revolves around three friends and their families. Andy and Maggie, a young Irish couple, travel to England as the result of an unplanned pregnancy, where Maggie will face the biggest decision of her life. A story of love, greed - and moisturizer. Set against the back drop of Rome in crisis, General Marcus Vinicius returns to the city from the battle fields and falls in love with a Christian woman, Lygia. Caught in the grip of insanity, Nero's atrocities become more extreme and he burns Rome, laying the blame on the Christians. Vinicius races to save Lygia from the wrath of Nero as the empire of Rome collapses around them. Childhood friends, Nina and Hugo chose different paths in life. Years later, Hugo returns to his hometown unbeknownst to him, the day before Nina's wedding. Events on the wedding day throw them back together and they embark on a new adventure. Based on a true story. The name of the real ship, that sunk Feb 5 1941 - during WWII - was S/S Politician. Having left Liverpool two days earlier, heading for Jamaica, it sank outside Eriskay, The Outer Hebrides, Scotland, in bad weather, containing 250,000 bottles of whisky. The locals gathered as many bottles as they could, before the proper authorities arrived, and even today, bottles are found in the sand or in the sea every other year. Young Cuban Rafael just buried his mother, and comes to Houston to meet his father John for the first time. The difficult part is that John doesn't know he is Rafael's father. John runs a dance studio, and everyone prepares for the World Open Dance championship in Las Vegas. It soon becomes clear Rafael is a very good dancer, and Ruby is the biggest hope for the studio at the championship. A struggling singer with a law degree takes a job at her friend's father's law firm. Events take a dramatic turn when her boss unexpectedly falls in love with her. Tetsuo (Kiyohiko Shibukawa) is a lowlife. A film director with a small indie hit many years back, yet he has never gotten any further as he refuses to go against his 'artistic integrity'. Summer 1962 and Olli Maki has a shot at the world championship title in featherweight boxing. From the Finnish countryside to the bright lights of Helsinki, everything has been prepared for his fame and fortune. All Olli has to do is lose weight and concentrate. But there is a problem - he has fallen in love with Raija. Sontu and Pappu are hired to teach Moonmoon, the adopted daughter of two rich businessmen. Later, they try to outdo each other when they fall in love with her. Film starring Rishma Malik, Rohit Bal and Sonali Bendre Mr Veena only cares about himself. He wants to gain control and ruin his sister-in-law's life. He uses the people of the small town he lives in like puppets. Can his web of deceit be torn or will he succeed in his perfect plan? In the Swiss Alps of the early 19th century, a couple forced into loveless marriages struggle to find happiness with one another. Cal Weaver is living the American dream. He has a good job, a beautiful house, great children and a beautiful wife, named Emily. Cal's seemingly perfect life unravels, however, when he learns that Emily has been unfaithful and wants a divorce. Over 40 and suddenly single, Cal is adrift in the fickle world of dating. Enter, Jacob Palmer, a self-styled player who takes Cal under his wing and teaches him how to be a hit with the ladies. When a powerful developer named Mr. Scheck wants to knock down all the stores and houses in Arnold's neighborhood to build a huge "mall-plex", it looks likes the neighborhood is doomed to disappear. But with the help of a superhero and a mysterious deep-voiced stranger, Arnold and Gerald will need to recover a crucial document in order to save their beloved neighborhood. Hasan is a young man married when he vas a child. He decided to come to Istanbul to earn money and look after his sick father. As a Taxi driver he's going to meet people and will discover himself in the depths of the city...  Kaitlyn is a high school student whose obsession with gambling leads to her accumulating a mountain of debt. Her habit also causes a high degree of family tension. When Chihaya Ayase was in the 6th grade of elementary school, she met Arata Wataya. Arata Wataya transferred from Fukui Prefecture. Taichi Mashima was Chihaya Ayase's friend since they were little. Arata got close to Chihaya and Taichi from the card game karuta.  Four years later, Chihaya is a high school student. Chihaya learns that Arata, who went back to Fukui Prefecture, doesn't play karuta  anymore. Believing they will meet Arata again, Chihaya and Taichi starts a karuta club at their high school. When a quick-witted yet co-dependent college girl helps her best friend land a boyfriend, she's left on the outside looking in and is forced to deal with the realities of adulthood for the first time.   Last week Freddie Mercury would have celebrated his 60th birthday.  To mark the occasion, celebrity fans Robbie Williams, McFly and Mike Myers talk about what they think made him so special. Photographs, home video footage and rarely heard interviews with the man himself are featured and some of Freddie's  close friends and family reveal the man behind the magic. When a rich Indian international student falls for a working class Australian girl, who is crazily in love with him. How will he handle the cultural differences and succeed in his love, against his parents' plans for his future? Your best friends are also the friends who'll make you do the stupidest things. After parting hardcore, Roxi, Yasmine and Ana meet in a bet that will change their lives: Who gets married first in three days? Katie, a 17-year-old, has been sheltered since childhood and confined to her house during the day by a rare disease that makes even the smallest amount of sunlight deadly. Fate intervenes when she meets Charlie and they embark on a summer romance. With their university graduation nearing, a group of young students grapple with the inevitable fact that they must now become young "adults". Lucy, a small-town girl from Ohio, discovers the delightfully bizarre films of legendary filmmaker Federico Fellini and sets off on a journey across Italy to find him. A young gymnast battles a group of bank robbers at the home of her boyfriend. After successfully won the Tokyo qualifying tournament, Chihaya and her friends are set to go on to the nationals. As they prepare, Chihaya is faced with new personal issues as her childhood friend and inspiration, Arata, has announced that he has quit competitive karuta. Not only that, but a new rival emerges in the reigning female champion karuta player, Shinobu Wakamiya, a karuta prodigy who became the nation's and the world's greatest female karuta player as a 9th grader. All of this forces Chihaya to reexamine her love of the game in the midst of preparing for one of the biggest tournaments of the year. A Marine officer reported as killed in Vietnam but was actually a POW returns home. Instead of being welcomed home, however, he discovers that his father has died, his wife has remarried, his daughter has been adopted, his business has been sold and his life has completely changed. In 1980's Helsinki, a city about to burst with young energy and rebellion, two young writers determined to conquer the world fall madly in love. For Inka, the love affair puts everything in motion: she finds her own voice, publishes her first novel - and becomes a sensation. The intensity of their relationship has a different affect on Juhana, who starts to lose his grip on writing and, finally, life. At the height of the love affair Inka starts to suspect that their mad love might actually be real madness. Izumi Hoshi (Kanna Hashimoto) is senior in high school, but she led a small yakuza group in her past. After killing her uncle's murderer with a machine gun, her yakuza group disbanded. Izumi now lives an ordinary life as a high school student and works as a manager at a cafe. A dangerous situation soon awaits for Izumi. A girl and a boy live apart men, with just dogs ans internet for company. In their isolation, they try to live their love as freely as possible. An FBI agent and an Interpol detective track a team of illusionists who pull off bank heists during their performances and reward their audiences with the money. The King of Navarre and his three companions swear a very public oath to study together and to renounce women for three years. Their honour is immediately put to the test by the arrival of the Princess of France and her three lovely companions. It's love at first sight for all concerned followed by the men's hopeless efforts to disguise their feelings. The love story of three women, Pearl (Alexia Anastasio), Goby (Bonnie Lawrence) and Marina (Vivian Kane), who reunite after ten long years, only to find that they still have their differences. NATHA and ZIYAD are happily married for five long years. Their marriage is simply perfect and...  Three men and an adopted son struggle in Taiwan after escaping China in 1949. Annie, who lives a life of make-believe, meets Billa, an ambitious and quick-witted rickshaw driver, and an unforgettable journey begins. Escaping war, a Syrian writer seeks asylum in Germany with his family. On the escape route he lost his wife so that only he and his daughter are left. Once they are settled in a refugee camp, he is forced to give his daughter to a German family. A moving story of forced assimilation and the struggle of the refugee in the modern world. Intertwined stories of 50somethings that won't give up on their glory days A young woman begins to live life to the fullest when she receives a diagnosis of cancer. A childhood incident has convinced Faith Corvatch that her true love is a guy named "Damon Bradley," but she has yet to meet him. Preparing to settle down and marry a foot doctor, Faith impulsively flies to Venice when it seems that she may be able to finally encounter the man of her dreams. Instead, she meets the charming Peter Wright. But can they fall in love if she still believes that she is intended to be with someone else? Florence, Prague, Paris, Shanghai, Otaru of Hokkaido, five different love stories in five different cities. Valentina  seems to have the perfect life in New York, with a perfect job and a perfect boyfriend, Jason Tate--far, far away from her scandalous political family in Mexico. When Jason proposes to her and wants to go to home to meet the family she has been keeping a secret, her two worlds clash. Adding to the hilarious chaos, her family brings her ex, Angel, into the picture and convinces Valentina to go along with a sham marriage to him in an effort to stop further negative press as her father runs for re-election. In the end, Valentina must choose where her heart belongs. Crazed members of a sadistic family return to their childhood home to terrorize the new owners. Devoutly religious Ruth returns from Israel to care for her dying mother, but when she tries to bring her estranged brother David back into the fold, in accordance with her mother's wishes, the result is a startling journey into the darkest realms of sexual obsession: a forbidden game under the guise of religious law. Dark, ambiguous and distinctly adult, this study of belief and desire, set in the cloistered world of London's Orthodox Jewish community, thoughtfully explores the links between faith and violence, denial and longing. This richly earnest drama follows Genevieve, a surrogate who must reckon with her ambivalence about the pregnancy and her precarious feelings for the parents-to-be Story of a young woman who marries a fascinating widower only to find out that she must live in the shadow of his former wife, Rebecca, who died mysteriously several years earlier. The young wife must come to grips with the terrible secret of her handsome, cold husband, Max De Winter. She must also deal with the jealous, obsessed Mrs. Danvers, the housekeeper, who will not accept her as the mistress of the house. Crossword about seven interconnected stories of love, friendship, affection, guns, Balkan, stupidity and people caught in the moment. Adrian, an irrepressibly chirpy tech nerd, has OCD. Grace, a beautiful street artist, has multiple personality disorder. It's a love story that seems impossible. But what if it works? Yudha Chitra (Frames of War) is a stark reminder that peace has not yet come for those directly affected by Nepal's 11-year conflict. The film brings us the voices of those whose relatives were killed or disappeared or who were disabled during the conflict.  Suffering and pain reside in individuals and individual bodies, which we often forget under the collective 'people'. The film excavates individual stories while accompanying a traveling exhibition of A People War that in 2007-2008 traversed the country for more than three months and was seen by more than 300,000 people. The film also reminds us that public acknowledgement of what happened is a precondition for healing. A fame-hungry businessman stages a fake movie to propose to his girlfriend but the plan goes awry when she becomes convinced the movie will be a multi-million dollar success. As a favor to his father's best friend, a young man agrees to escort a woman to America where she's expected to devote herself to her studies. Bridger is a young outsider who's always wanted more. He and his mother flee an abusive home, eventually finding a small town in the middle of nowhere. Once there, Bridger finds true acceptance with another misfit. Online Binline is a 2015 Marathi language film that was directed by Kedar Prabhakar Gaekwad. The film had its theatrical release on 3 July 2015. It stars Siddharth Chandekar, Rutuja Shinde and Hemant Dhome in lead When a Japanese pilot crash-lands on the tiny remote Hawaiian island of Ni'ihau, he is met with courtesy and traditional Hawaiian hospitality from the locals - until they discover he was part of the recent attack on Pearl Harbor. Logan Chandler, a young MMA fighter seeks to overcome a troubled past and build a new life based on a new faith and a new found love, but is forced back into the fighting world by Hayden Dressler, a local MMA professional. Francois Villon, in his lifetime the most renowned poet in France, is also a prankster, an occasional criminal, and an ardent patriot. Hairon is a Brazilian teenage boy who likes to wear makeup and dress in women's clothes. He lives with his mother and stepfather in a small town in Denmark. Hairon's birthday is coming up, and he travels to Brazil to meet his father for the first time in three years in the hope that his father will come to his party. Female Mongolian wrestler, Na Ren, was invited to participate in a women's wrestling show in Japan. The show host, Boss, instantaneously changed the competition to mud wrestling and Na Ren was forced to compete.  Later on, Na Ren discovered that Boss was actually her childhood playmate, Chi Na Si, who was banned from Sumo wrestling five years ago. Knowing that Boss had deceived her, Na Ren was nonetheless determined to awaken his consciousness and good heart through love. Kenny is an ice cream vendor in Chicago with a crisp white uniform and an apathetic heart. When he encounters Lolita, a sharp-tongued but despondent insurance actuary, their heated conversation, natural spark and mutual hopelessness lead to an unusual proposal for a meet-cute: to travel to San Francisco, where they will jump off the Golden Gate Bridge together. Sayaka (Mitsuki Takahata) works at a office. She's not very good at her job or with love. One night, she finds a man, Itsuki (Takanori Iwata), collapsed in front of her home. She takes him inside and they begin to live together. Itsuki teaches Sayaka about cooking wild herbs and collecting wild herbs, but he has a secret. Noriko lost her mother Yoshie when she was only 10-years-old. Yoshie knew she would not be able to live long enough to see her children grow up and wrote birthday cards to her children in the future. Agonizing over relationships with friends, love and marriage, Noriko grows up with hints and thoughts hidden on birthday cards which are sent from her mother every year. A violent greaser gang is ripped apart when their leader finds love and is determined to leave Badsville - a town where love doesn't exist. A Manic depressive artist survives a suicidal fall only to be possessed by a murdered gangster, who uses the artist to seek vengeance on those that ended his life. Barkhaa is married to Ranbir, a soldier who has to leave and Barkhaa finds herself alone. Due to her lonely, passionless married life, she begins an affair with her husband's friend, Akaash. However, Ranbir's sister, Neetu, comes to learn of their affair. A Punjabi romantic thriller. Angrej is a 2015 Indian Punjabi-language film directed by Simerjit Singh. Written by Amberdeep Singh, the film stars Amrinder Gill, Sargun Mehta, Aditi Sharma in lead roles. Set against the backdrop of the declining British Raj, it tells the love story of a young man from the province of Punjab. Ammy Virk and Binnu Dhillon play supporting roles in the film.  A tangled love story spawns lighthearted comedy in rural India circa 1945. Wendy and Sean meet on an airplane en route to New York. In a matter of days, they decide to get married.  Towards the end of the American Civil War, a rebel captain flees to Colorado to join a band of Southern mercenaries. He drags an innocent gold prospecting couple into trouble when the husband is accused of a murder he committed. Jack Chester, an overworked air traffic controller, takes his family on vacation to the beach. Things immediately start to go wrong for the Chesters, and steadily get worse. Jack ends up in a feud with a local yachtsman, and has to race him to regain his pride and family's respect. A coming-to-America love story about an Italian actor from Rome who finds himself stranded in New York City, and through a series of misadventures is romantically pursued by several beautiful women, and learns the meaning of true love. Single and underemployed, John pledges to get his act together before he turns 30. When he meets the elegant young professional Vanessa, he thinks he's found the woman to elevate him. Latif Selamsiz is an ordinary man who is in his later 30s. He's dating the same girl, working in the same job ever since he could remember and also he's still living with his mother. One day he decide to brake up with his girlfiend Reyhan. But instead, he found himself proposing to her. When the wedding day arrives, his inner voice speaks and everything changes forever. While Latif is running off from his own wedding, he hit a man with his car and he joins Latif on his journey. This man is Mansur, Latif's inner voice. Latif and Mansur get involved in a fight on their way, and they met Selin during the incident. Selin's car is stolen and her turtle is in the trunk of her car. If she couldn't find her car on time, the turtle will be dead. Latif starts his journey by running off all by himself but as he moves along, he will find his true self, face his inner voice and achieve true happiness with Selin and Mansur on his side. During a long night of August, some people have different experiences that leave a deep impression in them. Linked by a radio night show, all them cross the city of Barcelona, not knowing that their fates will collide with each other in unexpected ways. Centered on ex-mixed martial arts artist Sooraj and sculptor artist Jenny. Their fate intertwines when their past are revealed in their blooming relationship. Two good for nothing boys Jhumroo and Ghungroo are best examples of fools who keep roaming around the whole day. Their sole motive in life is to have fun, befriend girls, go to parties, get drunk and chill. They find impish ways to get in touch with girls. They are also desperate to get a job, but in their comical attempt they receive yet more embarrassment. After couple of disasters they get a job at a newly opened beauty parlor run by two smart girls. Their dream has come true. They are around girls all the time. But this is just the beginning of their hilarious trauma and a journey full of unexpected twists.... A roller-coaster ride for them and guffaws for viewers. John Arnold DeMarco is a man who believes he is Don Juan, the greatest lover in the world. Clad in a cape and mask, DeMarco undergoes psychiatric treatment with Dr. Jack Mickler to cure him of his apparent delusion. But the psychiatric sessions have an unexpected effect on the psychiatric staff and, most profoundly, Dr Mickler, who rekindles the romance in his complacent marriage. A hard breakup separated Martin and Beth almost a year ago and neither ever filled their partners place with someone else. Martin is struggling with his new job as a realtor and on top of that, Beth shows up at an open house hosted by him and seeks some closure. Na Bi is a former member of an idol girl group and now an actress, but her acting is poor. Meanwhile, Hong is a movie director who studied in Poland. He is recognized as a rising star in the movie industry. He became famous for sex scenes in his films. Jeevan (Kunchacko Boban) and Salim (Biju Menon) are taxi drivers in Gulf.They live in a small apartment which they share with Kumar (Neeraj Madhav). A Sri Lanka Native Thamara Enters their life and they are forced to accommodate her in their apartment . The events happened in their life is the plot of Madhura Naranga. Victoria returns to Nigeria from the UK to help estranged husband Izu cope with his uncle's death. Hoping to save his marriage, Izu brings Victoria on his trip to the funeral, during which they reflect on their courtship, secrets and regrets. Three women, one family: Monika the mother, Angie the older sister and Kiki the baby of the family. Angie is a reality-TV star who is doggedly clinging onto her fading career. Fresh out of rehab, she suddenly finds herself without any money, friends or a place to live and is condemned to returning to her mother in her hated dump of a hometown. Angie's teenage sister Kiki is also finding life tough-going. Due to her epilepsy, her mother Monika insists that she wears a freaky protective helmet. The consequence: Kiki is ostracised and bullied, her life has long since become the hell from which her mother is trying to protect her. Terrence J. stars as Charlie, a playboy who's convinced that relationships are dead. His two best friends, Donald Faison and Robert C. Riley, bet him that if he sticks to one woman for one month, he's bound to get attached. Charlie denies this until he crosses paths with the beautiful and mysterious Eva, played by singer/actress Cassie. They may agree to a casual affair, but eventually Charlie is questioning whether he may actually want more. Your favorite Madagascar pals are back in an all-new adventure! Alex's favorite holiday, Valentine's Day, brings hilarious surprises and excitement for the entire gang. Melman plans a big surprise for Gloria, Marty tries to impress a new friend and everyone wants to get their hands on King Julien's love potion. You'll fall in LOVE with Madly Madagascar! The First part of Olympia, a documentary about the 1936 Olympic games in Berlin by German Director Leni Riefenstahl. The film played in theaters in 1938 and again in 1952 after the fall of the Nazi Regime. Two Hollywood filmmakers attempt to find Morgan Freeman in Mississippi and convince him to star in their next movie. When life gets in their way they soon discover what matters to them most. A young woman in antebellum Georgia is, at birth, made a slave by her own father, yet is forbidden to love anyone, slave or free.  The story of Anna, a teacher who through an error in judgement loses everything that matters to her in life. In her heartache she finds a job at a farm school called Uitvlucht in the Eastern Cape. As she is confronted with the choices she made in her life she slowly starts experiencing healing and restoration and learns to forgive herself. She starts accepting her circumstances and the fact that someone will love her again. With the support of the teachers and Dok, a kind hearted and friendly farmer, who visits the school and make friends with Anna, she finds the courage to re-build herself and others around her. Besides her own drama, she must also suddenly deal with the alcohol abuse of school parents, molestation and ruthless people who have no respect for their own lives. Organizing a Christmas wedding is a true treat for bridal boutique owner Madeline Krug. She loves the challenge of finding the perfect dress for the bride and orchestrating an exquisite event. What Madeline didn't expect was to be swept off her feet by the bride's gorgeous brother, movie star, Jonny Blaze. Jonny came to the quirky town of Fool's Gold to support his sister -- not to fall in love. Yet Madeline is the most extraordinary woman he's ever met, and she finds the real Jonny even more captivating than her celebrity crush. Will the action star be brave enough to take on the role of a lifetime? A love story set in the backdrop of media. The movie is written and directed by debutante Sreebala K Menon. Dileep plays Rupesh Nambiar, who works in a news channel. Nikhila Pavithran plays the female lead. She does the role of news reader Kabani. Sreenivasan plays the channel editor Ummer Abdulla. The movie showcases many interesting facts about media. The story of 'KL 10 Pathu' basically revolves around too many incidents like a Panchayath Election, a local football tournament final, and an eloping of the hero and heroine. What makes things all the more complicated is the repercussion of the eloping which eventually affects the results of the football tournament and the election result. Because the hero is the son of the candidate in the panchayath election and a player of the football team which plays in the final. Abhi stirs up a hornets nest when he helps the sister of an underworld kingpin elope on her wedding day. Then he falls for the don's other sister, Rai. What transpires is a rib-tickling game of cat and mouse. Following a very public fall from grace, country music star Faith Winters seeks refuge in her rural Texas hometown, where she rediscovers feelings for her high school sweetheart, the local pastor. But the homecoming is bittersweet. Comedian Bob Hunter is aided by his French counterpart Fernydel and two beautiful blondes when he is targeted for death by a powerful European counterfeiting ring. A German soldier home on leave falls in love with a girl, then returns to World War II. Yao Yuan (Dylan Kuo) and Lin Yutong (Yang Zi ) is a pair of children in the special period of SARS become attached to a small partner. Years later, the two meet again in the university campus, a teenager's innocence, today's love, everything is beautiful like a fairy general. After graduation, he originally intended to join into the marriage hall, because Yao Yuan emergency abroad,  of missing, accidentally lost contact, missed each other.  Time flies, Yao Yuancheng to an outstanding engineer. A chance encounter the same time to catch the thief "Road see injustice," Shen Xin , they increasingly familiar. Yao Yao Wencheng remoteness worried father (Vincent Chiao ) body, decided to marry as soon as possible and Shen Xin. Unexpectedly on the two wedding ceremonies, Yao Yuan former college roommate, George suddenly appeared, then disappeared ??? tells the truth. Dracula and Renefield relocate to 70's era New York in search of Cindy Sondheim (the reincarnation of Dracula's one true love, Mina Harker). "Trouble adjusting" is a wild understatement for the Count as he battles Cindy's psychiatrist, Jeffrey Rosenberg (a descendant of Van Helsing who changed his name for professional reasons?), who may almost certainly, possibly, may be in love with Cindy too. Andrea is a young journalist who feels her professional and personal life have come to a halt. But the return of Lorenzo, her former college flame she once dumped, now turned rock star, will give her a new perspective on life, love, and being true to herself. To Noora with Love is a 2014 Malayalam film directed by Babu Narayanan and produced by Mohammed Ansar under the banner of Don Bros. The movie is basically about the equation that a young musician has with a middle aged couple. Sunny Wayne essays the role of the musician who comes across as a passionate and intense young man with his rugged looks and brooding silence. Based on the real life love story of Moideen and Kanchanamala, which happened in 1960s in the backdrops of Calicut. Clarisse meets Marc, a young surgeon. She spends the night with him in his mansion. In the morning, she realizes that she has been fooled. She's now held against her will. Marc forces her to play the part of his deceased wife. After an operation, he gives her a new face. Clarisse becomes Helene. But can we erase an identity so easily? After a casual acquaintance, rookie actor Su Xingyu and assistant Tian Xin separate. Five years later, they meet again as successful individuals. They both share similar feelings in the workforce and in their personal lives. However, Su Xingyu's idol identity means that their relationship must be kept in the shadows, and their love is tested. An emerging journalist (Jesse Eisenberg), an experienced cameraman (Terrence Howard), and a discredited reporter (Richard Gere) find their bold plan to capture Bosnia's top war criminal quickly spiraling out of control when a UN representative mistakes them for a CIA hit squad in a light-hearted thriller inspired by Scott Anderson's popular Esquire article. The Weinstein Company provides stateside TheEYE is an excellent introduction to contemporary artists and their works and provides an ideal resource for a wide range of audiences, including galleries, museums and colleges, as well as individual art-lover.  In October 2002 Anish Kapoor completed his extraordinary sculpture Marsyas for The Unilever Series of commissions in the Turbine Hall at Tate Modern, London. A challenging and overwhelming artwork, Marsyas is a vast red PVC membrane stretched between three massive steel rings. The title refers to a satyr in Greek mythology who was flayed alive by the god Apollo.  This film follows the making of Marsyas, from the earliest maquettes to the complex installation at Tate. Anish Kapoor comments on each stage of the process, and on the ideas and concerns of his art. Also illustrated are a range of his other sculptures and two recent large-scale works: Sky Mirror in Nottingham and Taratantara, created for the empty shell of Baltic as this new art centre was being built in Gateshead. Outspoken and overly critical Nishant Agarwal meets gorgeous new co-worker, Charu, offers his help, assists her financially, and they become close friends. His room-mates, Rajat and Vikrant, are pleased with this outcome as they already have girlfriends in Neha and Rhea respectively. But both the relationships are not as harmonious, as Rajat feels Neha is self-centered and demanding, while Rhea appears to be withdrawn and aloof. Missing their meetings and bar-hopping, the trio decide to take a time-out and be by themselves. All three women, however, find out and decide to accompany them to the beach where they eventually mingle. The trio do not know that soon misunderstandings will crop up - and it will take a lot of effort and understanding to resolve them. Arun past catches up with his present when he and his friends start a company to bring together those in love by setting them up in pre-planned scenes. What happens when he is forced to set up his true love to fall for another guy? In the rising populations of Tomboys in China, one rise up to develop a "Love Formula" App to find true love. Will the Love Coach, Do, played by Simon Twu, be able to save the world in helping people finding True Love? A Nigerian girl embarks on an extraordinary life journey to keep her mother's spirit alive. Located in the center of Taiwan, Alishan Forest Railway is popular with railway enthusiasts &amp; nature lovers alike. The starting point of the journey into the rainforests &amp; mountain world of Taiwan is Chiayi. The first sunbeams mark the next day in the mountains when the Alishan Forest Railway will bring with it new visitors who will experience the unique &amp; wonderful mountain world of Alishan Best friends Terri, Derek, Barrett, and Tyson strike up a bet to see if the men can go 30 days without sex. A German soldier home on leave falls in love with a girl, then returns to World War II. Kozo Nakase attends meetings for single widowers looking to remarry. He meets Sayoko Takeuchi and eventually marries her. Not longer after their marriage, Kozo Nakase suddenly collapses and dies. Kozo Nakase leaves everything to Sayako. The rest of his family are left out of his will including his daughter Tomomi. Tomomi hires a private investigator, Honda, to find out more about Sayoko. Dr. Siddharth Sinha is a dedicated selfless doctor who dreams of building a state-of-the-art hospital with all the modern instruments and amenities for patient care . His foster son Akash shares his dream . Akash falls in love with Neha Mathur , an anaesthetist in the same hospital . In a friend's party , Akash meets Sonia who is a spoilt daughter of a millionaire Gulshan Kapoor . Sonia develops an infatuation for Akash . Gulshan Kapoor proposes to Dr. Siddharth Sinha that he will donate a big sum of money to his hospital , on the condition that Akash marries Sonia . Dr. Siddharth Sinha declines but dies of a heart attack a few days later . Burdened with fulfilling his father's dream , Akash decides to marry Sonia sacrificing his own love . But even after marriage Sonia is jealous of Neha and constantly accuses Akash of infidelity which leaves him in a dilemma , torn between two women . The young street musician girl must to conquer her own fears and ghosts from the past of social influences from Ukraine, where she grown up, in order to admit her feelings to other deaf-mute girl and make a right decision till it's too late. A teenage girl is held captive in the home of a wealthy family. She is befriended by the family's young gardener, himself an illegal from Mexico. Their friendship carries both of them through their hopeless, sequestered lives and ultimately inspires them to break free. Deuce Bigalow is a less than attractive, down on his luck aquarium cleaner. One day he wrecks the house of a gigolo and needs quick money to repair it. The only way he can make it is to become a gigolo himself, taking on an unusual mix of female clients. He encounters a couple of problems, though. He falls in love with one of his unusual clients, and a sleazy police officer is hot on his trail. A young man tries to make a case for his neighbouring village, which depends on his village for water. However, the men who call the shots in the place, especially the father of the girl he is in love with, will not give in that easily. Through five stories, the movie addresses sex and love: Paco and Ana are a marriage looking for reactivate the passion of their sexual relations, long time unsatisfied; Jose Luis tries to recover the affections of his wife Paloma, sit down on a wheelchair after an accident which has limited her mobility; Ma Candelaria and Antonio are a marriage trying by all way to be parents, but she has the trouble that no get an orgasm when make love with him; Alex try to satisfy Natalia's fantasies, while she starts to doubt if he finally will ask her in marriage; and finally, Sandra is a single woman in a permanent searching for a man to fall in love. All them love, fear, live and explore their diverse sexual paraphilias and the different sides of sexuality, trying to find the road to happiness. Christmas in the Smokies is a modern day Christmas classic set in the beautiful Smoky Mountains. It tells the story of one family's journey to save their historic berry farm against all odds during one fateful holiday season. A woman leaves her career in dancing to dedicate her life to her husband, a famous politician. Fifteen years after, she leaves her luxurious life to resume what she left behind years ago. In 1949 composer Roman Strauss is executed for the vicious murder of his wife Margaret with a pair of scissors. In 1990s Los Angeles a mute amnesiac woman shows up at an orphanage and private eye Mike Church is called in to investigate. Under hypnosis both the woman and Church seem to have a strange link back to the Strauss murder. A strange family: 17-year-old Phil lives with his mother and twin sister in an old mansion on the outskirts of town. When he returns from summer camp, the mood in the mansion has soured somehow. Phil doesn't worry about it, hanging out with his best friend Kat instead. When he starts to feel attracted to a mysterious new student at school, Phil is plunged into emotional turmoil only exacerbated by the trouble at home. Five stories of romance, farewells, bitter love and stolen kisses... Widowed businessman, Sudhirbhai lives a wealthy lifestyle with his son, Vikram, who is student at National College. He is very affectionate toward Vikram and will do anything for him. His business partner is Goswami, who is also widowed, and has two children, a son, Mahesh, a daughter, Reema, who are good friends of Vikram, and the two businessmen expect to cement their relationship by getting Reema married to Vikram. But when Reema meets and falls in love with Amit Verma, who lives with his taxi-driver dad, mom - Shanti, and sister - Munni, things change dramatically as Sudhirbhai uses his underworld contacts in order to pressurize Verma to get his son to forget Reema, and he does this by destroying his taxi by a bomb. Verma does manage to convince Amit to stay away from Reema, but both meet again and renew their love - prompting Sudhirbhai to threaten Reema that he will get Amit gravely injured... An intense live story placed in the land of Punjab. The main protagonist named Jogi(Deep Sidhu), comes from a humble background and the girl (Ronica Singh) , Meet belongs to a well off family (Rahul Dev). A young, socially-awkward janitor in an elderly care home sets out to go on an adventure with his three elderly best friends. Friends become increasingly addicted to a video game that has an evil agenda. After coming into contact with a potentially fatal virus, a bitter professional wrestler is forced to isolate himself in his childhood home for 21 days. STORY In 1969, A boy named Mason, who was a student at X school of Pakistan, he was Confident and charming and he had a friend named Vincent. They have been friends since their childhood. At that times mason met a girl named Vanessa who was Shy, positive, intelligent, not talking to anyone and Creative. Her only hobby was writing, but she was opened to her close ones. Mason observes her and wanted to get close to her cause he was inspired by her personality and her poetry once she read it in school . The feature "What Nobody Can See" is a psychological drama with elements of science fiction. The story is based on the relationship of the nurse Elsa with her patient Nicola who has fallen into deep coma after experimenting with creation of artificial intellect. He has to go through a long and hard period of recovery, complicated by the artificial intellect "Anna", eager to keep Nicola just for herself. Six young adults struggle with their personal demons while staying at a secluded mansion during a dark and stormy night where a seemingly innocent game of 'taboo' brings out their inter-most secrets which soon leads to murder. In 1911, a widow with two children leaves New York City for territorial Arizona and becomes a ranch hand and later gets herself elected sheriff. A gambler and a rancher become rivals for her affections. The storyline revolves around a group of schoolboys who suspect two of their number are in love with each other. They come up with ways to prove the secret love affair, but things get more complicated when a girl comes into play. What will happen if a love &amp; relationship columnist becomes heartbroken!? Nam, a relationship expert of "H2O" -- her own founded magazine, has faced devastating moment in her life as her fiance broke up with her, out of the blue, to marry someone else. Nam felt like a love hurt victim(instead of an adviser), which is difficult to speak out. While Nam tries to keep her chin up, a cupid sends her three PERFECT guys just in time!: Dog, a TV producer and Nam's best friend, Jo, a warm-hearted consular officer, or Ohm, a handsome flirty tycoon. Who will be the one who finally heals Nam's brokenhearted status while whose hearts have to be next broken...? Two people bound together in the same road and fall for each other in an unexpected way. A mother travels to Patagonia with her autistic son with the hope that a ranger and a pod of wild orcas can help him find an emotional connection. Shibu, the son of a widow, faces difficulties when he tries to express his love to his cousin Aparna. After a continuing losing streak that started at the altar, Roger tries to claw out of financial ruin and into the arms of Tyler. But Jay, Ty's hunky fire chief partner is not letting that flame blaze. Meanwhile, fireworks explode when Fred's obsessive tinkering on their bear documentary conflicts with Brent's baby prep and the unwavering due date of their newborn. Mama bear Michael faces major challenges and finds that love comes in all colors, shapes and sizes. Two young lovers change the lives of their parents forever when the parents learn from the joyful experience of their kids, and allow themselves to again find their love. Two New York City children who launch a hilarious scheme to get what they most want this holiday season. Yudi's happy life is about to encounter a speed breaker-his BMW gets towed away and his dues have started piling up. He's run out of money and luck! To make matters worse-his supposed ex-girlfriend isn't really his ex. Remake of the 1999 KBS television drama of the same Korean name.  This movie is about a housewife who becomes rebellious of her previous homely lifestyle. Ponzi, from his arrival in Boston in 1903, to hi death in Rio in 1949. He made himself famous in inventing the first fraud of modern times on a large scale, and inspired Bernard Madoff. Salim, a young Mughal prince falls for a courtesan named Anarkali but things become complicated after he faces opposition from Emperor Akbar, his father. After her fiancee cancels the wedding, Merlin's life changes drastically when she moves in with one of her brother's best friends. Does air temperature really matter for fountains to be frozen or melt? One just need to stop and look around... It's a mosaic of several interrelated characters in search of their own happiness. It's about hopes and disapointments, betrayal and forgivness... and of course it's all about love...  The boss and employee of a matchmaking website pretend to be lovers in order to save the company and regain their significant others. A message circulates from mobile phone to mobile phone. A bunch of strangers meet in a mansion. They come searching for sex, but never has an orgy been so full of love. Alvin York a hillbilly sharpshooter transforms himself from ruffian to religious pacifist. He is then called to serve his country and despite deep religious and moral objections to fighting becomes one of the most celebrated American heroes of WWI. Rajeeva rebels against his fathers wrongdoings and leaves home, leaving everything earned by his father, including the last thread of clothing on his body. As destiny has its own way for everyone, Rajeeva happens to meet a nomad Khaali Peeli. Khaali Peeli takes him under his patronage and gets him a server`s job in the family bar and restaurant Parapancha. After Kick-Ass' insane bravery inspires a new wave of self-made masked crusaders, he joins a patrol led by the Colonel Stars and Stripes. When these amateur superheroes are hunted down by Red Mist -- reborn as The Mother Fucker -- only the blade-wielding Hit-Girl can prevent their annihilation. An overweight, young woman, who finds it hard to land a husband, learns to accept her 'Size Sexy' figure and leads an awareness campaign against a dubious slimness centre. Jomer Raja Dilo Bor is a Surreal Romantic Comedy. The story is about a feminist author Ria Banerjee played by Payel Sarkar who hates men to the core. After tragedy strikes Henry and Penny, he befriends a tenacious young girl and discovers she is constructing a raft to sail across the Atlantic to find her lost father. Together, along with some unlikely friends, they set forth to construct the vessel and subsequently rebuild their lives. Set in the wake of unknown catastrophe which has resulted in an adult-free community being led by a cabal of former high school jocks.  After two members set out on a dangerous journey into the unknown to find family and hope for the future, Caleb and his vicious underling Gentry follow in hot pursuit. An empress commissions a painting of herself from a French outsider in hopes of stirring her husband's interest in this lavish period piece. The Lady in the Portrait is a period yarn evoking the unique rapport between a French missionary and the Manchurian Empress whose portrait he's ordered to paint. At Ocean High School in Hua Hin District, Nam is a swimmer who does well despite a lack of training. He is popular on campus and has many girlfriends, inspiring envy among his peers, and also has a love of pornography which he needs to watch to sleep. However, his relationship with his father, swimming coach Neung, is strained. Nine does Nam's homework and tutors him so Nam can teach him how to swim. Another swimmer, Muek, becomes Nam's roommate. After Muek moves in, Nam is less interested in watching pornography. However, Muek has a girlfriend, Nune, an actress, who shows up for the Super League Swimming Competition at Changmai. This turns out to be a competition for love. A romantic drama which aims to allure the urban crowd, stars Nithiin Reddy and Adah Sharma. With a tagline `I need one hour kiss to burn 300 calories` - that suggests the film is high on romantic quotient The movie, 367 Days: Him and Her, tells the story of Head and Tine, played by Kanut Rojanai (Baan) and Cholrudee Amornluk (Joon), who fall in love in high school and date until they graduate from university. Their relationship becomes long-distance after Tine moves to live with her mom in Hong Kong. This documentary compiles a series of Noam Chomsky's interviews and lectures that address the events of 9/11. When aspiring filmmaker David is mandated by a judge to attend a social program at the Jewish Community Center, he is sure of one thing: he doesn't belong there. But when he's assigned to visit the Brooklyn Bridge with the vivacious Sarah, sparks fly and his convictions are tested. Their budding relationship must weather Sarah's romantic past, David's judgmental mother, and their own pre-conceptions of what love is supposed to look like. Based on the novel "Adam Stvoritel" by Karel Capek: angry at the world for its imperfections, Adam destroys everything except himself. God, as punishment, lets Adam rebuild the world to his whim and will. The quiet family life of Nels Coxman, a snowplow driver, is upended after his son's murder. Nels begins a vengeful hunt for Viking, the drug lord he holds responsible for the killing, eliminating Viking's associates one by one. As Nels draws closer to Viking, his actions bring even more unexpected and violent consequences, as he proves that revenge is all in the execution. Film version based on the Dutch TV show. Winter Has No Sun Muddu Manase is a romance film starring Aru Gowda, Aishwarya Nag, Nithya Ram in lead roles. A woman runs a massage parlor in Dharavi, Mumbai. Lou Andreas-Salome, the woman who enraptured 19th century Europe's greatest minds, recounts her life to Ernst Pfeiffer in this German film directed by Cordula Kablitz-Post. A published novelist, poet and essayist, Salome's desire to live a life free from convention scandalized society but spurred genius and passion in others, including Friedrich Nietzsche, Paul Ree and her lover, the poet Rainer Maria Rilke. Under the tutelage of Sigmund Freud, she became the first female psychoanalyst. Une bande d'anciens copains de Sciences-Po, devenus de jeunes loups de la politique se retrouvent pour un week-end dans une maison isolee en Bretagne avec pour seul mot d'ordre: se detendre et surtout ne jamais parler politique. Mais la pleine lune, des voisins adeptes de mysterieux rites et le vieil Armagnac trouve dans la cave vont les faire desavouer leur promesse, et tout va partir en live... 10 strangers set off to a strange land. What happens there changes their lives forever. Aatagara is an edge-of-the-seat multi-starrer that is unique and never seen before in the Indian cinema. The true story of pianist Wladyslaw Szpilman's experiences in Warsaw during the Nazi occupation. When the Jews of the city find themselves forced into a ghetto, Szpilman finds work playing in a cafe; and when his family is deported in 1942, he stays behind, works for a while as a laborer, and eventually goes into hiding in the ruins of the war-torn city. James, down on his luck and desperate for some quick cash, agrees to drive a small truck across country. He soon realizes that he's made a huge mistake and has inadvertently become involved in a dangerous human trafficking ring. The unlikely hero risks it all to shut down the trafficking ring and save the woman he is falling in love with. A service which creates holographic projections of late family members allows an elderly woman to spend time with a younger version of her deceased husband. The film stars Ruhi Singh as Rhea, a free-spirited girl, whose life turns upside down when her father gets appointed as the Prime Minister of India. The fiercely independent Rhea starts to feel stifled because of the security team that accompanies her wherever she goes and the young lady jumps at the chance of an adventure provided by a mysterious stranger Aryan Shekhawat (Krishna Chaturvedi), who she runs off with while on a vacation in South Africa, much to the anguish of her security team led by RAW agents Lisa Ray and Jaaved Jaaferi. Running away from some evil arabs, a woman hides in a counterbass case, causing problems to his owner, a musician with a jelous wife who is trying to win her back. This film is dominated by an icy blue. In a monumental building a group of scientists submit women to obscure experiments, in which sexuality and cruelty constantly merge into one another. When the film was released, this horrifying game of power and powerlessness was condemned severely by a militant group of feminists. The criticism was undeserved. After all, 'Pentimento' is an art-historical term for a hidden image underneath the actual image giving an indication of how the latter evolved to its current state. The film does not endorse the lopsided power relations in our world but actually challenges them. A couple on a road trip across the country are thrown into a situation that is beyond their control. Gopalsamy (K. Bhagyaraj) is poor B.A graduate who comes to city to earn money for his mother's eye operation. But he is not able to survive and earn his food. He meets a Brahmin priest who sells food with boys by changing their identity as Brahmin, Muslim, Christian depending upon the area they as a part sales tactic. The priest compels Gopal to change his identity as a Brahmin and set for selling food in the Brahmins area. But Gopal did not want to do so as he feels it is wrong to wear the sacred thread being a non-Brahmin. But circumstances compel him to change himself as a Brahmin. He sets off to perform Ganapati homam along with three other priests. On a bleak future Earth, a soldier endures a radical genetic transformation to save humanity. But his wife fears he's becoming more creature than man. The life of celebrated but reclusive author, J.D. Salinger, who gained worldwide fame with the publication of his novel, The Catcher in the Rye. Derya and Hakan are best friends. Derya is the one who makes soup when Hakan is ill and Hakan is there whenever Derya needs him.  They are so deeply involved in eachother's lives that they even have the keys to the other's apartment. They don't have any secrets between each other. They both think that in today's world, people do not feel the love that our grandparents and even parents do. They think that couples consume each other. And therefore, everyone they meet seem shallow to them. In 2007, when NBA referee Tim Donaghy got caught betting on games he worked, he said two men associated with the Gambino crime family - a bookie named Baba Battista and a drug dealer named Tommy Martino - threatened to kill his family if he didn't give them gambling picks. That's what Donaghy told the FBI, that's what he told 60 Minutes, and that's what he testified in court. But that's not what really happened. That's not even close. INSIDE GAME is the untold true story of one of the biggest scandals in sports history.  Alejandro is on his patio and a woman's body falls down next to him. It's Julia and she is alive. Julia lives in the apartment just above Alejandro's, and from now on, these two phobic characters begin to connect their lonely lives. A young man and woman find love in an unlikely place while carrying out a shady deal. An artist is hired by a nightclub owner to paint a portrait of his beautiful wife. When the artist and wife fall in love, the nightclub owner's jealousy erupts in violence. To save themselves, the lovers are driven to attempt his murder. Lucky has problems with his memory, and tries to impress Nandana's father so they can be married. The story of Charlie Darby, who has everything going for him: a great job, friends, family, the whole package. The one thing Charlie doesn't have is love, because every time he gets close, he goes clinically insane. When he meets the perfect girl, Charlie must overcome his psychosis to claim his chance at true love.  Photographer Lise le Roux lives with her father on a wine farm near Stellenbosch. Her mother passed away some time ago, leaving a secret French toast family recipe behind as a symbol of her legacy. One day, Lise stumbles upon her mother s old diary and, to her astonishment, finds out that she has a sibling somewhere in France. Despite the fact that Theo, her father's right-hand winemaker, is about to propose, Lise travels to Paris to find the truth.  She meets a French chef, Jean-Pierre Baptiste, who's in need of a photographer for his new cookbook. Lise accepts the assignment, provided that he returns the favour by helping her track her long lost sibling. As they explore the city, Jean-Pierre s expressive personality slowly unravels Lise s reserved disposition. Her life starts transforming into a palette of new tastes, textures, colours and emotions.  Will Lise eventually find the truth that she hoped would set her free? A teenager who's lived a sheltered life because she's allergic to everything, falls for the boy who moves in next door. Film from Claudio Del Punta The relationship between two best friends is forever changed during the course of one eventful night. Nack is a 17 year old boy whose life focuses only on studying. Stepping into the last year of high school, he begins to feel lonely and pressured. As graduation and entrance examination grow closer and closer, he begins to learn about sex and love for the first time in his life. He has to face the questions about the morality of his homosexual love. What will he do? Vladica lost the only thing that mattered to him - an amateur karate championship. Now he's back in his home town looking for a job, love and redemption. Plot Unknown License at 80 ( Zhang Jingchu ) , after waking up one morning , walked leisurely into Civil Affairs and had a flash marriage. On the way back even a BMW collided with a double whammy , home of the license was starting to review their sad sad one place : youth is gone , her husband derailment, cleanse the family , the vehicle was destroyed .  Kang wealthy few ( Kenji Wu ) to permit the emergence of life hit a shot in the arm , in helpless staged a " foreign land refresher ," the idea that drama , the both of them repeatedly in the territories, license step by step this boy was found behind uninhibited look soft and delicate heart , but a glance at his flat chest and the elderly on account of this , the license has been reluctant to react , but who knows hitting girlfriends hairy ( Zhu beadwork ) love at first sight .  Wisnu is a student with a duty to make a documentary film-themed casual sex. The main source, of course, is his friend accomplished in terms of sex, namely Askar and Mario. Askar found his future wife to be a virgin, this is contrary to his habit of changing girlfriends and now, Askar a relationship with a model named Wendy. While Mario who also frequently have sex with her boyfriend, Manda of the same opinion and has always supported Vishnu to have sex at his age who has reached 23 years. A model family's happy life unexpectedly goes off the rails when the carefree Hedi, played by Laura Tonke, suddenly starts having panic attacks. First mental illness and then drug dependency - the happiness that these happy-go-lucky thirty-somethings once took for granted suddenly seems unattainable, and their world fragile and uncertain.  In 1429 a teenage girl from a remote French village stood before her King with a message she claimed came from God; that she would defeat the world's greatest army and liberate her country from its political and religious turmoil. Following her mission to reclaim god's diminished kingdom - through her amazing victories until her violent and untimely death. Angelic hit man Lian Song does his jobs in Taipei then hides out in Okinawa while things cool down, biking to and from a cool bachelor pad that boasts a refrigerator stocked with a staggering variety of imported beers and bottled water. A natural loner with a romantic bent, Lian is admired by one young woman but instead woos the sad-eyed Yukiko. The elaborate meal he prepares for her should turn an indifferent woman into a lover. Yet, Yukiko, like Lian, has a secret history of her own. A young, middle-class housewife, living in the crowded lanes of Bombay in 1997, struggles with her loneliness, and cannot stop herself from falling in love with her neighbourhood tailor ... When a love story goes awry, two young lovers are forced to take to the road with the police hot on their heels. They escape across Karnataka in a roller-coaster ride that is at once enthralling, exasperating and nail-biting. Based on Urdu novel Jheel Jalti Hai, the film aspires to be an iconic love story of Jamaal (Faissal Khan) and Suraiyya (Inayat Sharma). Sadly, more than the somber story, the experience of watching this film is more tragic. In 2004 Wim Vandekeybus shot a 52-minute feature based on his successful performance Blush.  Carried by the music of David Eugene Edwards and Woven Hand and with texts by the Flemish author Peter Verhelst, Blush is a dazzling voyage swinging between the heavenly landscapes of Corsica and the slummiest depths of Brussels.  It is an exploration of the savage subconscious, of mythical forests, of conflicting instincts, of imagination, where the body has reasons unknown to the mind. In dance sequences of attraction, confrontation and repulsion the performers take on animal metamorphoses... Rock Star tells the story of Chris Cole and a rock band called Steel Dragon. Cole is a photocopier technician by day, and the lead singer of a Steel Dragon tribute band called "Blood Pollution" by night.Internal struggles between the Steel Dragon band members culminate with the firing of the lead singer, Bobby Beers and the starting of recruitment sessions to find a new vocalist. Loosely inspired by the true story of the heavy metal band Judas Priest. Theres and Kenneth are both young when they first meet whilst on holiday. They fall in love but are unable to prevent themselves from losing each other. Thirty years later, in another country, another couple: Ariane leaves her husband David because she no longer loves him. The paths they both take lead them to Kenneth and Theres. The plot revolves around two guys, Preet and Harpal, who are from a middle class family and are carefree and not concerned about their future. They keep making schemes to make themselves rich. Their father tries to teach them the facts of life and to be efficient and independent. Their mother however supports them in whatever they do no matter how frivolous. The film takes a hilarious turn when the boys meet two rich girls and make a plan to get involved with the girls to extract money from them. In order to do this they need to adapt to the girls lifestyles and borrow money from their father. The plot gets murkier when they decide to marry the girls. Secrets are revealed and criminals are involved. What happens next? Do the boys succeed in their plan? Watch the movie to find out. Two men strike up a conversation as they sit on a park bench. But nothing is what it seems. In Sudan, music is a central part of daily life. At the same time, young musicians struggle to find society's support in pursuing their passion the way they want. One organization called "Yalla Khartoum" strives to counteract by creating safe spaces for young artists to experiment in. This short documentary was shot during one of their workshops. In the aftermath of WWI, a young German who grieves the death of her fiance in France meets a mysterious French man who visits the fiance's grave to lay flowers. An aspiring actress on location in Germany is threatened by a killer who is terrorizing the chateau where she and her co-stars are staying. Camellia is a transsexual girl who lives with her turtle and she is in love with a girl named Soosan. No one is aware of her trans sexuality. Camellia dreams about lovemaking with Soosan and Soosan intends to immigrate to west countries so as to follow academic graduation  Youth Never Returns is a 2015 Chinese romantic comedy film directed by Tian Meng and produced by Manfred Wong, and starring Hans Zhang and Joe Chen. The film is an adaptation of Gu Wei's novel of the same name. Set in the 1980s, a young Italian-American from the wrong side of the tracks falls for a Jewish girl from Long Island. Addie Moore and Louis Waters, a widow and widower, have lived next to each other for years. The pair have almost no relationship, but that all changes when Addie tries to make a connection with her neighbour. Helen lives in London with her father and her kids. John, her husband, is an aid-worker in Eastern Europe. He has been gone many months. Helen is desperately anxious that he should come home. Taking the kids to school one morning, she is killed in a car accident. She remains caught in limbo, trapped between life and death. Many miles away, in war-torn Eastern Europe, John is unaware that his wife has died. As Helen herself is unaware that she is dead. Thus begins, a four-day Odyssey: Grandpa and the kids must come to terms with Helen's death; John must travel across a war-torn land as he tries to reach home; and Helen must stand helplessly observing her own existence as it comes back to haunt her - until at last she is reconciled with John, and thus released. A courier boy's life turn into unexpected consequences because of a courier received from a social service activist. A man is looking for his missing girlfriend in Tibet. In the year after graduating college, Izzy struggles to navigate the seemingly incessant failures of adulthood, the reality of a substandard dating pool and a debilitating fear of top-sheets, all in between X-Files marathons. Comically unsuccessful in love over the course the year, including five half-hearted relationships with astoundingly self-centered men, Izzy resigns herself to the support of her mother and sister, who are struggling with their own relationship problems. Seeing herself in them, Izzy gradually gains the confidence to be honest and vulnerable. A man leaves everything behind to travel aimlessly through France, letting himself be guided only by the people and landscapes he encounters: four days and four nights of wandering, during which his lover tries to locate him via Grindr, a smartphone dating app. Students from the Prague Conservatory leave for a workshop in the picturesque South Bohemian countryside, where they are placed before a demanding task, from which only some of them will emerge successful and they will then continue in their dream to be famous. Each of them will find their true path to happiness. When hot shot, Wall Street dealmaker Jai thinks of putting some pleasure into his 48 hour business trip to Mumbai, Sahil, his young, music-producer friend, drops everything, including his reckless boyfriend Alex, to help him execute the perfect getaway. Hiking the hills and canyons of Maharashtra, amidst half-attempted conversations and sudden silences, business calls and old jokes, the friends discover there is more than just time-zones keeping them apart. Things take another turn when Alex shows up with a new male-companion at his side, throwing up old conflicts and bringing unanswered questions to the fore. Dr. Sherif who works as a plastic surgeon, gets to know a young lady whom he falls in love with. But when he is introduced to her single mum he falls in love with her instead. Trying his best ways to get her attention. When Chris meets Lily they spark a mutual connection instantly, it's not until he finds out she is a CamGirl that things start to get complicated..  After spending time with a prostitute, a man later meets her on a train where their fond memories are rekindled and their romance blossoms Depressive artist Charlie Ali, 24, contemplates her mother's death after ten years. As an Arab-German American, we see what life is like through the eyes of Charlie living in a post 9/11 NYC. She meets choreographer/dancer Lucia "Lux" Bernal during her latest exhibition's opening night in LA... Lux just so happens to be the girl of Charlie's dreams! Tara Wadia (Farah Karimaee), a singer and girlfriend of a gangster Raghu (Himesh Reshammiya) lives with her mother (Shernaz Patel). She goes to Dublin where she gets detained after being caught with drugs. Tara calls Raghua for help now Raghu must help her and find Anirudh Brahman, the stranger who met Tara on Facebook and invited her to Ireland. "The Third Way of Love" tells the sad love story of Lin Qi Zheng, who is from a rich family, and Zhou Yu who is a smart and beautiful lawyer. An imaginative love story that centers on a struggling writer and brokenhearted waitress who find the ability to once again believe in love amidst a world both real and imagined. Widowed and in a professional decline, the legendary soccer player "Spider Salazar" lives lost in his own depression. His only inspiration is his daughter Tania, who can not stand to see her father in this state. With a lot of ingenuity and perseverance, Tania will help his father return to the field in order to restore his life. Nina (Melina Mercouri) is a former silent-film star from Russia who abandons her career to care for her son. She is a single mother -- the boy's father is a famous actor who wants nothing to do with either Nina or her child. She joins an acting troupe where she impersonates a famous French fashion designer, but she leaves the group in Krakow, Poland, when her true identity is discovered. She travels to France, taking several odd jobs in Nice to support her son. When the boy grows to young adulthood, he is recruited to fight during World War II for the French and later the British. He is decorated for valor and returns to locate his estranged mother after two years have passed. Upon arriving home, he finds that his mother had died several years earlier but that she meticulously wrote over 250 letters to give her son moral support and encouragement in the years to come. Pooja and Chander Kapoor have a heart-to-heart conversation on the telephone. When they finally meet and all is reveal they both fell in love with each other; Chander lives with his advocate dad Dilip Dev Kapoor while Pooja lives a wealthy but stressful family life with her alcoholic dad, her Dai Maa and a self-senile mother. Unfortunately for them Pooja's parents would like her to marry a person of their choice; this pits Chander against them. Then one day Pooja goes missing and the police headed by a rowdy inspector Mathur arrests Chander for abducting her much to his shock. Then Chander escapes from police custody and begins a man-hunt for Pooja. Believing they have left behind shadowy figures from their past, newlyweds Christian and Ana fully embrace an inextricable connection and shared life of luxury. But just as she steps into her role as Mrs. Grey and he relaxes into an unfamiliar stability, new threats could jeopardize their happy ending before it even begins. After a whirlwind courtship, retired movie star Eve Wilde prepares to marry her fourth husband, the renowned English writer Harold Alcott. Sparks soon begin to fly when Eve's first ex and other guests arrive at her estate for a weekend get-together. At an electronic music festival, Berlin-based journalist Georg and his girlfriend Vera meet Dave Zuma, a DJ who loves to enjoy life to the fullest. As soon as the unusual trio enters Dave's old hippie campervan the journey of their lifetime begins. Their bumpy ride takes them from one festival to the next, across the Balkan states heading south. A complex love triangle full of tension and affection, conflict and closeness, love and hate develops in the rush of trance festivals. In the end each of them reaches what they had always hoped for. Joy can't let go of her ex, but doesn't seem to be able to fall for the new guy. In the meantime she keeps having casual sex with strangers. After posting a brash dating ad online, Marsha Day is thrown into the limelight when Perez Hilton shares the video with his legion of followers. Becoming a viral hit, Marsha is scooped up by a talent manager who creates a hit online channel based on Marsha's life and shenanigans. But as Marsha gains fame and fortune, she is forced to wrestle with her sense of identity in a celebrity-obsessed world. Things become hotter and more complicated when she's wooed by a handsome fitness entrepreneur who challenges her ideas of a fairy tale romance. Starring real Youtubers and innovatively told, Viral Beauty is an innovative tech-comedy not to be missed. Inspired by the O. Henry short story "Gift of the Magi", Gift for the Living is a story about a grandmother and her granddaughter who, without the other's knowledge, sell their most treasured possession in order to buy the other a birthday gift. In the granddaughter's quest for the perfect gift, she discovers her grandmother's rich and unique history, a history her grandmother never spoke of. Gift for the Living is a story about love, friendship, loss and sacrifice. Brittania: The First of the Last On his 18th birthday, wealthy but spoiled Ozgur(Ekin Koc) gets a surprise from his deceased grandfather's will. He has to leave his luxurious life in Istanbul and graduate from a public school in a small village on the Aegean coast. After falling for Elif(Neslihan Atagul), a secretive classmate, Ozgur begins to understand the importance of this tiny and seemingly trivial village.Adapted from the South Korean romantic drama, 'A Millionaire's First Love'. The worlds of a depressed psychologist and an emotionally disturbed homeless woman collide. While trying to rescue her they fall in love, and each gets a second chance at a new life. An unexpected affair quickly escalates into a heart-stopping reality for two women whose passionate connection changes their lives forever. This film about the story of two brothers who do not want to sell the carpet field inherited from their father tells a funny and sometimes sad dille to struggle to kill their dreams despite the difficulties and the neighborhood solidarity from time to time. A love story following two young people battling with their emotions and dreams, the pressures of career, family and not knowing what the future holds. Fusun is a brilliant student, destined for a successful career but can't help from falling for Baris, a musician who struggles with a psychological disorder. As the two grow closer they start to adopt each other's traits, but becoming increasingly dependent on one another proves damaging for their relationship. Heads are lined up on the shelves one next to another, with different colors and hair styles, yet all the faces are cold and nonchalant. This is Rainbow Salon, a supplier of hair models and wigs to salons and schools. Among these countless "heads," the shop owner's wife lies in the basement of the Rainbow Salon tonight--struggling to breathe, her windpipe cut. The shop owner rushes her to the hospital and then flees. A reporter follows this case and finds that the shop owner has fled the city with his first love. As the reporter attempts to unveil the truth, an unsolved murder from the past seems to be connected to the case--and nothing is as it first appears. Adolescence is like a heavy rain. Even though you catch a cold from it, you still look forward to experiencing it once again.  Ko-Teng has several close friends who had a crush on Shen Chia-Yi. Those friends of Ko's thus moved in unison from Ching Chengs junior high school straight into the senior high school division in pursuit of her.  Naughty in nature, Ko was ordered by their homeroom teacher to sit in front of honor student Shen for her to keep close tabs on him. The two hadn't hit it off at first but Ko gradually fell for Shen, who was always pressuring him to study hard. On the other hand, Shen became impressed by the contrasting values Ko represented. Ko started pursuing Shen but Shen remained hesitant. Victoria Spick, a criminal lawyer who is single, turns up at a wedding and meets three men there: David, the father of her daughters; Vincent, a friend of hers; and Sam, a former drug dealer who she bailed out. The next day, Vincent is accused of attempted murder by his partner. Paali (Sagarika Ghatge) lives at home with her father (Guggu Gill) in their small village. To complete her Higher Studies, Paali shifts to Chandigarh where she meets Parvan (Jassi Gill), a smart collegian who falls in love with her. However, Paali is less than interested because her father has already found her a NRI husband. Although Paali tells Parvan about her arranged husband, Parvan refuses to give up and seeks to impress on Paali's father that he is a better match.  What the movie has in store for you, wait and watch this space for more updates. A portrait of artist May Wilson, former "wife-mother-housekeeper-cook" and a grandmother who, at age 60 after the break-up of her 40-year marriage, moves to New York City and discovers an independent life of her own for the first time. Six romantic stories unfold in a New York hotel during the week leading up to Christmas. Odile suspects her husband, Jean, is cheating. Thus she decides to give him a taste of his own medicine. Fate gets her in touch with an actor, Daniel, who she will use for her revenge. The actor, living with a former serviceman, Albert, will make love with her. But there will be unexpected consequences: Odile and Daniel will be bound forever by an irrepressible love.  A work of fiction, the film is developed from the life of - and starring - a real woman, Pia, who is intellectually disabled. Pia is 60 years old and she lives in rural Denmark in the care of her mother Guittou, 84. In the story, Guittou is getting old, and Pia worries about what will happen when her mother dies. She is afraid of being left alone. Although Pia has never had a boyfriend, she thinks that she needs to find a man to love in order to survive. Then Pia meets a man called Jens at the harbour. Pia embarks on a quiet and simple relationship with him, not realising that in the meantime it is her mother who is left alone. Muhib lost his parents at a early age and brought up by his sister. After the marriage of his sister Jeba, he comes along with his sister in his brother-in-law's house. He grows up with strict rules by his brother-in-law. But for the sake of his sister's happiness, he bears all of this. Muhib is in a deep relationship with Oru. They married each other in a court with the presence of his friends. But they cannot stay together as Muhib has to leave the town for his job. Muhib dreams for a new life with Oru but a mishap changes everything. Theo and Hugo meet in a club and form an immediate bond. Once the desire and elation of this first moment has passed, the two young men, now sober, wander through the empty streets of nocturnal Paris, having to confront the love they sense blossoming between them. Ducastel and Martineau's most ambitious film to date and a candid insight into 21st century life. A young woman is forced to reflect on her first relationship when she inadvertently moves into her ex boyfriend's apartment building. Remy is always between two planes, travels to Shanghai on business. During this trip, he takes the opportunity to cheat Dominique first with a woman, then with a man. Upon his return, his wife puts him out after showing him more than compromising photos of his Asian aspirations. American businessman Brian Chandler has a perfect life with a great job and beautiful fiancee. When his boss, renegade coffee mogul Calvert Jenkins sends him to Thailand to inspect a crop for purchase, Brian meets Ticha, a beautiful Bangkok executive who has long-since given up on the prospects of finding love. Four tragicomic interconnected stories about how devoted Muslim men and women are trying to manage their love life and desires without breaking any religious rules. Zoe Walker is a food scientist who's been sent to Colombia to design a coffee flavor that appeals to millennials. In the village of Salento, Zoe meets Diego Valdez, a local plantation owner who is reluctant to work with her at first, but allows Zoe to use his coffee beans so long as she helps him with the final harvest. As Zoe spends time working the land with Diego, romance begins to brew despite their very different roots. A new romantic comedy feature film that brings together three interrelated tales of gay men seeking family, love and sex during the holiday season. Russel is all alone in a new city, until he decides to go on a date with another man, and has his world changes completely. What starts as a crazy one-night stand ends up in a relationship. But Dharam and Shyra fall out of love just as quickly. Where will life take them now? Natsume Mochizuki  works as a teen model in Tokyo, but she learns that she has to move to her father's hometown of Ukigumo. She is in a desperate situation because she can't do the things she wants to do in Ukigumo. One day, she meets Koichiro Hasegawa. He is the successor of the Hasegawa family. His family is wealthy and is respected in the area. Natsume Mochizuki and Koichiro Hasegawa become attracted to each other, but something changes their fate. A film adaptation of the hit TV series by the same name, the movie continues the story where the series left off.  15 years on, the city of Macau has changed a lot but not the people and their compassion. In a twist of events, Kwan-Ho's husband dies in a car accident and she reunites with Man-Cho in Macau. Can true love really stand the test of time? A documentary crew invades the home of antagonistic tabloid fodder. When a boy is framed after an act of senseless violence by his friends, they turn against him for trying to tell the truth. In the latter part of the last century, Lu Xiaolu has just graduated from technical school and is currently working in a chemical factory. He hasn't a clue about what he will do in the future or how he should lead his life. Lu Xiaolu lacks skills. Moreover, he loves to play games, fight amongst his colleagues and is often found redoing poorly executed tasks. However, Lu Xiaolu is captivated by a beautiful young girl named Bai Lan, who he pursues and eventually falls in love with. Bai Lan in the end applies for graduate school and abruptly leaves for Shanghai... Annie is a young, happy foster kid who's also tough enough to make her way on the streets of New York in 2014. Originally left by her parents as a baby with the promise that they'd be back for her someday, it's been a hard knock life ever since with her mean foster mom Miss Hannigan. But everything's about to change when the hard-nosed tycoon and New York mayoral candidate Will Stacks--advised by his brilliant VP and his shrewd and scheming campaign advisor--makes a thinly-veiled campaign move and takes her in. Stacks believes he's her guardian angel, but Annie's self-assured nature and bright, sun-will-come-out-tomorrow outlook on life just might mean it's the other way around. After a couple of unfortunate events, all Rachel wants is a place to lick her wounds; only to discover her Grammy has been conned. As options run out to save Grammy's home from foreclosure, Rachel is forced to take matters into her hands. The only problem is; does this naive eccentric have what it takes to con a con?  Laurent is seeking a path in life after living his childhood and teenage years in laziness. He has a conflictual relationship with Rodolphe, his father, and both are too emotional to express their mutual affection. Despite the women of his life hanging around him , Rodolphe has but one obsession: meeting Marguerite again, the first love of his life. Overview Coming Soon... In 1953, the year Stalin died, many prisoners (some political, but mostly common criminals) were released from the Soviet Gulags. This is the story of a remote settlement which was under attack by a bunch of these recently-released blood-thirsty thugs in the summer of 1953, and the townspeople, along with a two political prisoners, who try to stop them. Meet Etta Milford. Loving Wife. Doting Mother. Armed Robber. Etta's husband constantly blows their money on make-shift inventions. When she decides to secretly take "investment" matters into her own hands - things quickly go awry! With their savings gone, her husband suspicious, and their children out of control, Etta concocts a scheme to get back their money and save her family. Colonel Maurice Taylor of the Royal Flying Corps is hopelessly injured in an airplane crash immediately following his marriage to Stella. Maurice is non-functional in most of the physical areas of marriage that count, but Stella attends to his other needs faithfully for three years. Then his brother, Colin, shows up from South America, and he and Stella fall passionately in love and are making plans to run away together. Mother Taylor is aware of the romance, as is Nurse Weyland, who is secretly in love with Maurice, and now hates Stella for her careless attitude toward Maurice's patiently-borne sufferings. Maurice is also aware of the affair. He has a talk with his wife and brother. Complications arise. He is one of the top celebrities in the country: a fast-talking TV host, who can joke his way out of any situation. Women want to be with him, men want to be like him. He is looking for a new topic to discuss in his popular talk-show. She is a teacher at a musical school - a timid girl looking for Mr. Perfect on an internet dating site. He will help her realise her potential and teach her how to recognise various types of men for what they are, she will teach him what real life is about. The show will become a huge hit. It seems they are destined to fall in love and be together, but one day she actually does meet Mr. Perfect on the net. Pandian, the son of a cop and a wannabe rowdy, falls in love with Kadambarai, a hearing-impaired girl, who wants him to take on Killivalavan, a gangster-politician who has murdered her parents. Mobilizing working-class transgender hairdressers and beauty queens, the dynamic leaders of the world's only LGBT political party wage a historic quest to elect a trans woman to the Philippine Congress. In 1999, an enormous meteor crashed onto Earth carrying extraterrestrial creatures known as Worms within it. These creatures took on the identities of real humans and then killed them. In order to counter this new threat, ZECT was formed, who in turn created the Masked Rider System to combat the Worms. The battles lasts over seven years, depleting Earth's resources and turning it into a barren wasteland. By present time, power struggles in ZECT have caused a new group, known as Neo-ZECT, to be created. Souji Tendou, a man weilding the Kabuto Zector, decides to sell his power to either ZECT or Neo-Zect for unkown reasons. J.D., a young man is at an important stage in his life of choosing a life partner.Looking like a plain situation which all youngsters go through, JD is accompanied by an unusual combination of problems, one of a persistent pressure of marriage from his mother and second of the astrological predictions surrounding them. Caught in a fix, JD fights the battle with his three friends, Sandy, Sumit and Deepak who have their own definitions of love. All three friends try different solutions to get JD's life sorted and plan to find a girl for him whom he can divorce. JD in the middle follows all the tricks and plans and ends up meeting Tia, a modern and independent girl who follows her own mind. But much to their surprise, the story unfolds differently and JD finds himself in a larger soup than he had imagined. Between following his mother or his heart, JD is caught in a problem that does not seem to solve. A story about a funny boy named Kozha who always gets into troubles. A young woman returns home to Wisconsin for her best friend's wedding and the one year anniversary of her father's death. The life of Krister has become an unending nightmare, ever since his wife's death. There seems to be no respite for this man, tormented by the errors of his past and held prisoner by a grim daily existence. Dante Kathlego is married to Alisha Kathlego. As a result of his poor health Dante loses his job. This causes some friction between husband and wife, but Alisha still decides to travel to Melbourne to promote Dantes new novel. Dantes health condition is so serious that he is unable to drive. Whilst his wife is away, Dante enlists the help of his best friend Mike to be his driver and companion. However, Mike is reckless. He is known to take risks and put himself, and others, in serious danger. Dante tries to educate Mike about the danger he puts himself in when he these risks, but Mike doesnt listen!  Whilst in Melbourne, Alisha meets the rich, handsome and dangerous Nate (Scott Murphy). He convinces her to abandon her children and family. This choice begins a chain reaction of violence, death, heart break and trauma. No one is left unharmed by these irreversible choices. Although Alexia, Franco's ex-girlfriend, has been deceased for some time, Franco still has her as a contact on his social network. When he decides to delete her and move on, something strange starts to manifest through his computer. A film adaptation of D.H. Lawrence's novel. After a crippling injury leaves her husband impotent, Lady Chatterly is torn between her love for her husband and her physical desires. With her husband's consent, she seeks out other means of fulfilling her needs. When a Rolls Royce damages a scooter, the furious owner goes to seek redress, and finds herself face to face with a millionaire capitalist.  In this remake of the Telugu film 'Ishq,' three young people find they are connected not only by love but by a dark history that threatens to destroy any hope of happiness.  In 2041, humans live side-by-side with robots and androids. A well-known cybernetic engineer, Alex Garel, returns to his hometown to create a new model of robot child. After 30 years of one child family policy, Chinese parents who experience the death of their only son or daughter are becoming what is called "lost families."This has become a poignant issue, as there are more than one million "lost families" right now. Xiao Ai is diagnosed with a terminal illness and does not have long to live. She is concerned that her parents will become a "lost family" and have no one to take care of them after her death, so she decides to persuade them to have another child... The teacher Antek Liebmann moves to the French countryside to leave his former life in Germany behind. He soon gets a job and finds himself in a new relationship... On the day of his daughter's birthday, William "D-Fens" Foster is trying to get to the home of his estranged ex-wife to see his daughter. His car breaks down, so he leaves his car in a traffic jam in Los Angeles and decides to walk. He goes to a convenience store and tries to get some change for a phone call, but the Korean owner does not oblige, tipping Foster over the edge. The unstable Foster, so frustrated with the various flaws he sees in society, begins to psychotically and violently lash out against them. The Angrez is a 2006 Indian comedy movie directed by Kuntaa Nikkil. In this movie, the word "Angrez" refers to English people and non-resident Indians.  The movie was a trendsetter in that, it was one of the first to effectively and humorously, often resorting to the slapstick kind, portray the dialect of the Old City and the Hyderabadi tongue. The film also portrays the fascination for American materialism, the hype around the IT industry and the lifestyle and culture it has spawned. A punk band decides to hire a keyboard player in order to change their sound, despite the fact that this talented musician has Down Syndrome. Emily Walters is an American widow living a peaceful, uneventful existence in the idyllic Hampstead Village of London, when she meets  local recluse, Donald Horner. For 17 years, Donald has lived--wildly yet peacefully--in a ramshackle hut near the edge of the forest. When Emily learns his home is the target of developers who will stop at nothing to remove him, saving Donald and his property becomes her personal mission. Despite his gruff exterior and polite refusals for help, Emily is drawn to him--as he is to her--and what begins as a charitable cause evolves into a relationship that will grow even as the bulldozers close in. An idealistic young employee at the U.N. investigates the grizzly murder of his predecessor - and uncovers a vast global conspiracy that may involve his own boss. Jackie (Holly Sampson) and Ben (Eddie Jay) move into a luxurious new home in the affluent neighborhood of Verdana Hills. They are immediately welcomed and befriended by their sexy new neighbor Lizellee (Monique DeMoan) and invited to a pool party to meet the rest of the neighbors in the complex. After meeting Lizette's husband Lorenzo (Ben Brown) at the pool gathering, Ben is invited and told about a "sexual card game" that allows everyone in the complex to discard their marital inhibitions. Soon both Jackie and Ben are pulled into a world of swingers and lurid sex that threatens the very fibers of their relationship. In the near future, due to a breakthrough scientific discovery by Dr. Thomas Harbor, there is now definitive proof of an afterlife. While countless people have chosen suicide to reset their existence, others try to decide what it all means. Among them is Dr. Harbor's son Will, who has arrived at his father's isolated compound with a mysterious young woman named Isla. There, they discover the strange acolytes who help Dr. Harbor with his experiments. A look at the friendship between two guys that spans over many years. Manoja marries Prabhu for her mother's sake, but dislikes her husband. Gradually, she warms up to his dogged attempts at sparking a romance, but Prabhu, who is frustrated with her indifference, ruins it all on their wedding anniversary. The couple separate but neither can forget the other. Can Manoja find it in herself to forgive Prabhu and get back to him? The night before their debut game, two professional soccer players share a kiss. In a sporting world where image is everything, this surprising 'pass' sets the men up for a contrasting decade of fame and failure, full of secrets and denial. Everyone deserves a great love story. But for seventeen-year old Simon Spier it's a little more complicated: he's yet to tell his family or friends he's gay and he doesn't know the identity of the anonymous classmate he's fallen for online. A modern poet Jamal who is against the traditional Urdu Poetry reads the biography of Mir Taqi Mir,one of the greatest poets of the 18th century. And sees Mir's reflection on his personality. Amsterdam the early 1980s Our capital is plagued by unemployment, activism and cityforming. Its history is being bulldozed to the ground with great strides. The No Future generation is searching for ways to maintain a life in a city that seems to crumble away under their feet. The uninhibited Anna seeks her stability in the arms of squatter Sjaak, who seems to know the way of the world. Anna who is but too happy to be guided, enjoys the freedom. But can Anna muster the same fighting spirit when push comes to shove? Or do you actually need different things to survive? High school student Yuki Hase (Kento Yamazaki) wants to become close with classmate Kaori Fujimiya (Haruna Kawaguchi) who is alway by herself. Kaori Fujimiya refuses to become close with Yuki Hase, because she forgets her friends every new Monday. Even though Kaori tells Yuki why she doesn't want to become friends, Yuki still wants to become close to her. Tom is a nice guy, and that's his problem: Real women don't like nice guys. No surprise that he has never gotten laid. On graduation day and amidst laughter, he is presented with Fixi, a lifesize sex doll. How embarassing! But the next morning, Tom awakes next to a real woman - Fixi came to life. Arguably the most influential creator, writer, and producer in the history of television, Norman Lear brought primetime into step with the times. Using comedy and indelible characters, his legendary 1970s shows such as All In the Family, Maude, Good Times, and The Jeffersons, boldly cracked open dialogue and shifted the national consciousness, injecting enlightened humanism into sociopolitical debates on race, class, creed, and feminism. This be the year 3000. The world has been enveloped within the flames of nuclear warfare, bringing with it a new dark age. In these times, technology can be a rare blessing, or curse, depending on its discovery and / or use. What is left of civilization, of humanity, has been reduced to numerous city states, each fighting to survive the wars between them , as well as from within. This tale takes place after a vile war between two Houses both like in dignity, in what is left of fair Verona. The House of Capulet has claimed victory and believes to have extinguished all within The House of Montague, yet one still lives. This be not the story of star-crossed lovers, but of Romeo, last of the Montague. A cyborg who seeks love, and revenge... A female eye doctor and a male film director run into each other on the airplane to Milan. The two were lovers in the past, and are now in their middle ages. After their chance encounter in Torino, they travel around Tuscany together, appreciating the works of Caravaggio. They begin to notice they are hiding their own wounds from each other. In Korea, he goes to her eye clinic, and they confess love to each other for the first time. In the end, they go their separate ways.  After his wife's death, Claude struggles to appear normal while living with a Secret. A young cleaning woman in a boarding-house relieves the drudgery of her job by daydreaming that a foreign student at the house, who she believes is interested in her, is actually a wealthy nobleman who sweeps her off on a romantic journey. A young man's love for his girlfriend, who is a model and moves very free to every one is tested by the rumors surrounding her. Yu Akahane (Nana Komatsu) moves to a dormitory room after her father's transfer from work. She is excited that she will live in the same dorm as Takumi Shirakawa (Yudai Chiba) aka "White Prince." Yet, Haruto Kurosaki (Kento Nakajima) aka "Black Devil" kisses her as punishment for going against him. It is Yu Akahane's first kiss. Since then, she becomes obedient to Haruto Kurosaki. Albert Ross was the most ambitious little boy in the world until an 11 year old girl broke his heart. Now he's grown up to be an embittered dentist, he's done nothing, gone nowhere AND he has a step-mother from hell. One day he suffers a mysterious accident - and suddenly finds that whatever he dreams comes true. Suddenly a whole new life opens up for him... Kie Hirano (Haruka Ayase) is an ordinary OL who often daydreams. Mitsumasa Kodai (Takumi Saito) at the same company as Kie Hirano, but he is an elite salaryman. He is the eldest son in the Kodai family and he is also telepathic. Mitsumasa Kodai got his special ability to read other people's mind from his British grandmother.  Mitsumasa becomes attracted to Kie's warm heart and her dreamy temperament. They begin to date and enjoy their days together, but Mitsumasa Kodai's mother calls. A wonderfully charming and bittersweet story about teenage friendship, idealist dreams and a city that transcend changing times, this rare Hong Kong-produced gem influenced by Hayao Miyazaki and Shunji Iwai sweeps with nostalgia. In search of an answer for her broken marriage, Gigi (Miriam Yeung, Love in the Buff) journeys into her shiny high school year memories only to discover a deeply hidden secret that will transform her life. A funny romantic comedy in which a male writer who signs with a woman's pseudonym falls for a female journalist who  with man's pseudonym. When love comes almost always takes us by surprise and nobody can object. A young widow discovers that her late husband has left her 10 messages intended to help ease her pain and start a new life. Young orphan Heathcliff is adopted by the wealthy Earnshaw family and moves into their estate, Wuthering Heights. Soon, the new resident falls for his compassionate foster sister, Cathy. The two share a remarkable bond that seems unbreakable until Cathy, feeling the pressure of social convention, suppresses her feelings and marries Edgar Linton, a man of means who befits her stature. Heathcliff vows to win her back. A couple, secretly on the verge of announcing plans to divorce, reluctantly depart for a second honeymoon after their family surprises them with a tropical trip as a gift for their 20th wedding anniversary. Chip's problem is that he can't say no to beautiful women. This weakness gets him into a world of trouble when he agrees to help his girlfriend steal $68,000. Lu Zhenxi had a dream since her childhood, to become just like her uncle, a successful entrepreneur. But when her "Big American Dream" comes down crashing, she is left rejected, and returns to China. Now after a fateful meeting with her idol Professor Meng, she must find it in herself to take a second shot. This is a sequel of Pune Mumbai Pune which fared very well at the box office. It is a romantic drama based marathi movie. Sensitive Parts is a tender and sharply observed dramatic comedy about a young woman who is forced to confront her social anxiety and interpersonal fears before they consume her and the people she loves, with a little help along the way from the imaginary manifestation of an iconic popstar. A wedding planner who's never been in a relationship courts romance as she re encounters a high school crush. Sports writer Mark is baffled when he receives romantic text messages on his cell phone. What he does not know: His new number once belonged to the deceased boyfriend of Clara, who continues to send text messages in order to cope with the loss. When Mark's girlfriend discovers the texts, she is understandably upset. Along with his best friend David, Mark sets out to find the mysterious writer. Modern comedians share their thoughts about Laurel and Hardy. Also includes archival footage of contemporary comedians. Hosted by Dom DeLuise. In 1973, the 20-year-old Svante has a heart condition that the doctors cannot fix. When he has a breakdown on a subway platform, a strange train suddenly appears. He steps into the subway car filled with wonder, without knowing that the destination is the future. In the future he meets Elsa and together they must solve Svante's problems and figure out how to live together when they are from two different eras. Tamara, 15, complexed with her curves, decided its entry into second to get rid of the label of "big". To shut up the gossip, she made a bet with her best friend to go out with the first boy who pass the classroom door. No luck, the boy turns out to be Diego, the most handsome guy of high school. The bet is complicated for Tamara .... Between the dirty tricks of bitches of high school, a mother hen, boards "drag" his little sister, Tamara is a memorable year! An artist wishes to marry her childhood sweetheart and settle into family life. However, her boyfriend, who is a genius mathematician is afraid of commitment and breaks up with her just ahead of their wedding. What will the future hold in store for them? Girlfriend Kontrak tells a story of kampung girl, Alisa (Nur Risteena) and her mission to save fireflies and their habitat from being demolished to make way for an architectural project.  In her mission to save the fireflies, she decides to leave the kampung life, go to the heart of the city and confront the company. She comes in contact with Umar (Keith Foo), the millionaire son of Monaki who is heading the project. To quell the controversy, Umar decides to pay Alisa RM3000 to get her on board as his girlfriend.  Conflict arises between Umar and his father (Mustapha Kamal), who wants to hand over the project to Zain (Bront Palarae), Umar's soon-to-be stepbrother and villain of the film. Does Alisa get to save the fireflies, take home the money and live happily ever after? An unlikely romance brews between a tough-acting thug with a tender heart, and a recently single, IT consultant neighbor, in this lighthearted and wacky twist of a romantic comedy. Dondi is a nerd and an obedient nephew to his aunt Cora who makes decisions for him. Meanwhile, Anna is a stubborn and rebellious girl who seeks the attention of her father Vito. Dondi and Anna cross path and their different personalities collide. They eventually fall in love with each other and solve their own problems. Vito and Cora are bitter business competitors and because of their rivalry, they disapproved the romantic relationship between Dondi and Anna. Based on satirical short stories by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle about a vain, egotistical Etienne Gerard, a French brigadier serving during the Napoleonic Wars. He thinks he's the best soldier and lover that ever lived and intends to prove it. Andrey Kulikov goes to Paris to visit the grave of his great-grandfather, Andrey Dolmatov, who had been an officer in the White Army during the Russian Revolution. On the headstone of the grave next to his great-grandfather's, he notices the face of a young woman. Later, while walking through Paris, Andrey sees a woman, Vera, who looks just like the young woman he had seen on the headstone. And so begins the telling of two love stories, separated by three generations and one hundred years. An upstate New York public school district is torn apart by corrupt politicians, racial divides, and escalating violence. After a prominent town leader is kidnapped, can a romantic connection between a young Hasidic man and a Hispanic woman bring this town together? A woman asks her best friend to date her playboy ex-boyfriend to save her current relationship. A filmmaker's journey through his past encounters with his 10 ex-girlfriends as he spends one surreal unforgettable night at a film festival after he meets a mysterious girl who intriguingly seems to have something to do with every woman in his life. Confronted by the cultural restrict rules of his Scandinavian society, a private detective deconstructs himself through the argument of Shakespeare' s Hamlet. Fabian Bom has been sent by the Export Association to promote Swedish export to Spain. He travels with the navy's cruiser to Barcelona, but his jealous fiancee Gullan has followed him in secret to keep an eye on him. In Barcelona the usually strict and virtuous Bom is surrounded by the local women and has a ball. He meets the young and zestful Linnea from Sweden. Plot by Mattias Thuresson. An intertwined love stories within a dysfunctional extended family for three generations. It tells how each generation understands and perceives the idea of love. This story is about a man who drinks and wakes up in the morning with a girl whom he does not know. When he gradually starts to fall in love with her, he must choose between love and practicality. Tamara, 15, complexed with her curves, decided its entry into second to get rid of the label of "big". To shut up the gossip, she made a bet with her best friend to go out with the first boy who pass the classroom door. No luck, the boy turns out to be Diego, the most handsome guy of high school. The bet is complicated for Tamara .... Between the dirty tricks of bitches of high school, a mother hen, boards "drag" his little sister, Tamara is a memorable year! A drama centred on three people: Sarah is a barista who finds the love of her life in Mark. Her mother Barbara depends on Mark to keep her in Sarah's life while resenting her daughter's deep love for him. When severely traumatised by the sudden death of Mark Sarah's relationship with her mother finally cracks. Now faced with losing her struggle to cope Sarah feels Mark's presence return. Based on true events Transition is the story of a love that transcends this realm and the strength of human character in survival. Ra-hee is ready for the real world. She has graduated from a respectable college and begins to apply for full-time jobs but is rejected by every company that she applies to. When all hope is lost, she gets a phone call from a newspaper company and is recruited as an intern in the entertainment section. Although reluctant at first, as she believes herself to be over-qualified for the job, she soon learns and understands the passion of the press. During her rollercoaster experience as an entertainment journalist/intern, she discovers the dirty and hidden aspects of the journalism industry. On a lonely mission to Alpha Centauri, Milutin is teamed up with Nimani 1345, a female cyborg designed to fulfill his every need. At first thrilled to be able to control her, Sebastian grows tired of having his desires fulfilled so easily. Longing for human intimacy, Sebastian alters Nimani's programmed responses, but in doing so he risks the mission's security -- and his own life. A socially awkward young man kidnaps an aspiring actress with the hope that they will fall in love. A psychosexual noir that explores power dynamics between men and women. Opera Australia's 1976 production of Lakme, an opera in three acts by Leo Delibes, with a French libretto by Edmond Gondinet and Philippe Gille. Set in India during the British Raj, the story focuses on Lakme, the daughter of a Hindu priest. Lakme's life is troubled by her infatuation with a British officer. Indie musician Dong-hoon and cartoonist Jae-hee broke up a year ago. The former couple meet again after the death of the cat they owned together, and go on a night's trip to hold a funeral for their pet. Charlie Simms is a student at a private preparatory school who comes from a poor family. To earn the money for his flight home to Gresham, Oregon for Christmas, Charlie takes a job over Thanksgiving looking after retired U.S. Army officer Lieutenant Colonel Frank Slade, a cantankerous middle-aged man who lives with his niece and her family. In the middle of a French exam, 17 year old Charlie struggles to find the words to be true to himself...and his best friend. Two high school misfits join forces in an attempt to overtake the local school board. Guided by their families, they enter the perilous word of politics and, in the process, learn a thing or two about love. fter a night of drinking and gambling, Tyrell (R. Marcos Taylor) is awakened by an angry call from his girlfriend, Meena (Anita Clay) and finds himself in bed with a strange woman, Cecelia (Alissa Schneider) -- a local mob boss' daughter. Once the local mob boss finds out, he hires Shota (Wilson) -- a relentless hitman. To make matters worse, the reward on Tyrell's head has dozens of others looking for him, too. Adding to Tyrell's troubles, the worst thing of all... Meena, the love of his life, is put in harm's way. Tyrell must make a stand by taking on the mob, taking on Shota, and finding the money to pay their landlord -- Mr. McGetty -- before the day ends. Beatriz is a famous psychoanalyst who teaches others to be happy, but isn't able to be happy herself. Things take a turn when her mother's death takes her traveling with her sister to Buenos Aires to comply with the unusual directives she left in her will. Chan Ka Sing, Choi Kai Kwong and Lee Yuk Lan had been best friends since they were young. They hung out all the time at the lighthouse. Everything was fine until Ka Sing and Kai Kwong both fell in love for Yuk Lan. Compared to ambitious Kwong, Yuk Lan chose Ka Sing. Erika Shinohara (Fumi Nikaido) is a first year of high school student. While talking to friends, she makes up a story about her "boyfriend." In reality, Erika Shinohara doesn't have a boyfriend. Erika's friends soon begin to doubt her story and Erika is also running out of lies. Erika then sees a pretty boy on the street and takes his picture discreetly. She later shows his picture to her friends as her boyfriend. The boy in the picture is Kyouya Sata (Kento Yamazaki) and happens to attend the same school as Erika. She tells Kyouya about her situation and asks him to be her pretend boyfriend. Even though Kyouya has a pretty appearance, he has a dark side. Aattakatha: The Final Rehearsal is a 2013 musical romance film written and directed by Kannan Perumudiyoor Set against an urban backdrop, "Badmaash" is a romantic thriller about Vijay, an intelligent, playful and witty lad and Priya, an RJ and a fiercely passionate Kannadiga who tries to teach ... To chase promotion or to chase marriage? Young career-woman Lala returns after five years as a recently engaged young woman, but faces challenges when third parties tries to break up her relationship. A  young and ambitious woman's life suddenly comes crashing down when she is betrayed in love. Determined to get revenge she reinvents herself as a successful businesswoman. Told through memory and metaphor, Utopians is a dark and subtly comic character study of three people on the edge: of society, of control, and of collapse. Roger is a yoga teacher. His daughter Zoe returns home from the military and to Rogers dismay resumes her relationship with her allegedly schizophrenic girlfriend Maya. Opposed to Zoe's pursuit of Maya but eager to be a part of his daughters life, Roger becomes entangled in the ups and downs of their relationship. Increasingly late and obviously distracted during his yoga classes, his few remaining students begin to lose patience. When Rogers well-meaning friend Morris offers them a live-in renovation job in an upscale Brooklyn home, the three of them move in and start a job they are not exactly qualified for. Living rent-free provides them with a respite from the responsibilities and expectations of the outside world. Together they try to find comfort in their new reality while being revisited by their troubled pasts. Baby Sinclair in a mirror room. A young man and woman are Facebook friends, they don't know each other but continue to be in touch. They both fall in love not knowing they are the same friends on FB with fictitious identity. Somewhere along the line, the man comes to know the woman he loves is the same person who is his best friend on FB, yet he refrains from revealing his identity. Why he does that drives the entire plot to its finale. After another day at work, Virgilio turns on the answering machine at home and hears a disturbing message. It's a message from Clara, communicating the end of their relationship. Virgilio then listens to the message repeatedly, seeking some meaning. Breaking up is not the problem; the problem is that Virgilio has no idea who Clara is. Tri, a romantic and idealistic music producer, finds himself in a talent raising competition against Minh, an aggressive and pragmatic producer. During this race, Tri falls in love with Linh, his singer and only ticket to dreamland. The story tells of Tse ( Son Tung M - TP ) and the incomparable friend : Ngo Kien Ha ( Ngo Kien Huy ) mundane , naive , Pham Quynh Bang ( Pham Quynh Anh ) momentum tune with the slogan " Cha afraid , just afraid of aging , " Sky ( Hari Won ) a Korean girl fun , manager Lam ( Hua Vi Van ) an infinity of money .  ng .  The film's screenplay is based on the book Bat dau tu mot ket thuc, an autobiography about the life of the ill-fated singer Wanbi Tuan Anh. A homely maid and a scarred ex-GI meet at the cottage where she works and where he was to spend his honeymoon prior to his accident. The two develop a bond and agree to marry, more out of loneliness than love. The romantic spirit of the cottage, however, overtakes them. They soon begin to look beautiful to each other, but no one else. As a top student at St. Adeline's Catholic Boarding School, Zoe senses that something is not quite right about the school's new nun-- a sense proven to be true when it is revealed the "good' nun is an imposter with a fatal attraction to Zoe's brother. Desperate to pay the bills and come through for their loved ones, three lifelong pals risk it all by embarking on a daring bid to knock off the very bank that absconded with their money. When two lovers embark on an adventurous journey through Lithuania, an unexpected crisis puts their relationship to the test. Based on the  best-selling novel of the same title.  Dr. Shukri Mokhtar is a renowned social psychology specialist, best known for his ability to answer the simplest questions, who decides to give one last lecture about the very simple question: "how do we love?"  He gives a full description of the different stages of love by recounting four different love stories going through curves and various crises. A young romantic navigates college dating while striving to reconcile homosexuality with his classic, cinematic ideals. Jersey Bellini is a bounty hunter who forms an uneasy partnership with a rival to capture a fugitive. But the hunters soon discover that the crook is also the man the mob most wants dead! Ready to battle anyone in their way, these hard-hitting Bounty Hunters won't quit until they've brought in their man... and brought down the mob A week in the life of Paterson, a poet bus driver, and his wife Laura, a very creative artist, who live in Paterson, New Jersey, hometown of many famous poets and artists. During a book tour in the United States, Max meets and falls in love with a young woman. Many years later, Max returns to the United States, hoping to reunite with his young lover.  While working a job at an exclusive ski resort to support her Dad, Kim learns to snowboard and is so good at it that she enters a competition with a huge cash prize. She has to dig deep to overcome her fears, but her life gets more complicated through her spoken-for boss, Jonny. When model Mira Cruz wants her longterm boyfriend to propose, she can't just tell him. Naturally, the two are locked in a lovers' quarrel, when both of them get the same modeling job! Will an eccentric photographer, a mad designer, and a seasonally themed shoot be weird enough to get the two back together? Sanam Teri Kasam is the story of Sunil and his search for his father who has gone somewhere when Sunil was just a child. He meets Reena Roy en-route who leads him to his father Kader Khan. But unfortunately, somebody else (Ranjeet) has already been planted by Jeevan as Sunil and hence, Kader Khan neither recognises his real son, nor allows him to meet Reena Roy. In the end however, every hurdle is removed and all is well.  The film is also known for its super hit songs, especially 'nisha, nisha, nisha'. The other songs 'sheeshe ke gharon mein', 'kitne bhi tu kar le sitam' were also hit. A feud between the Owens and the Gillettes ends when the last remaining Gillette is killed, but new trouble erupts for the mountain folk with the arrival of a U.S. revenue agent and his assistant. For the thirtysomething Sheng Ruxi, whose surname unmistakably echoes the slang term "sheng nu" (leftover women), the wait for a perfect partner is growing more despairing by the day. With an ultra-anxious mother who would rather die than see her daughter stay single, Ruxi is further annoyed by the doctor she's fixed up with. Could her new colleague, the dashing 25-year-old Ma Sai, offer last-minute salvation? An FBI agent and an Interpol detective track a team of illusionists who pull off bank heists during their performances and reward their audiences with the money. In his first special in seven years, Ricky Gervais slings his trademark snark at celebrity, mortality and a society that takes everything personally. A cop taking personal leave after he witnesses money stolen from the police property room becomes involved with a beautiful singer who may have killed her husband. A 7 year love story between Ryota Hayama and Koharu Uemura from their first date to eventual marriage.  Ryota and Koharu are high school students. Ryota is indifferent to people and says very little. Koharu is not afraid of to speak her mind and she has a bright personality. Since a game of rice bag jump, they begin to date. They date at a fast-food restaurant, realize they love each other at a family restaurant and finally swear their love on a dining table with white rice. After his release from prison, bank robber Zequi sets off to recover the stolen money that was buried by his dizzy accomplice. He's horrified to learn that a high school gymnasium is now standing over the site where the loot is stashed. Needing to infiltrate the building, Zequi lands a job as a substitute teacher for a group of wild and unruly students. As the ex-con tries to lay down the law, he starts to realize that life in jail may have been easier than trying to deal with rebellious teens. When Steve's secret marriage of convenience is discovered by his family, he finds himself at the centre of the world's most farcical wedding, the only problem is, he is in love with somebody else. A television movie about a veteran policeman who accidentally kills a musician. The ghost of the musician returns to persuade the cop to steer the musician's grandson away from drug peddlers and into a life of music. As a child, Ono Tsubasa saw a Shirato baseball game on TV and was amazed at the Trumpet player in the band playing. Now, in order to play the Trumpet, she enters Shirato High School. There, she meets Yamada Daisuke, a catcher for the baseball team. With each others support, they go towards their dream of playing at Koushien. It's 1943 and World War II is raging in Europe. In New York, Arturo and Flora the daughter of a restaurant owner are in love, but she is promised in marriage to the son of a Mafia boss. There is a way around this, but to be able to marry Flora, Arturo needs to get permission from her father, who lives in a village in Sicily. Arturo doesn't have any money, so the only way he can get to Sicily is to enlist in the U.S. Army, which is preparing for a landing on the island. In their pursuit of perfect Christmas well - known characters accompanied by some new faces happen to experience tiny miracles! The adventures they come across help them realize that the most important things in life - hope, acceptance and family - are within their reach and that real love is the best Christmas present! The ill-fated coal mining communities in North East England are the subject of this inspired documentary by multi-media artist Bill Morrison. Their story is told entirely without words, yet the film is far from silent: it features a remarkable original score by the Icelandic composer Johann Johannsson. The Frisky Mrs. Johnson is a 1920 silent film comedy starring Billie Burke. It was produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed through Paramount Pictures. It is based on a 1903 Broadway stage play by Clyde Fitch. On the stage Burke's part was played by Amelia Bingham. Burke's next to last silent film. It is a lost film. Mostly shot in San Francisco and Northern California, material filmed (using the camera almost as a p[r/a]inter, a means of shaping the visual world as film, but without reflection) in response to what that world was opening in me. "Material!" - analogies between weaving and spinning thread and images already a pattern within film history (e.g., in Deren) is here carried into further ramifications of unraveling and patterning in fabric- and cinema-making, as well as in personal and mythic dimensions. The open unfolding structure, which pulls away from the balanced design of much of my work, gives equal weight to the sound composition. Involves "opening" with its perils and ambiguities. When she receives word that her longtime platonic pal Michael O'Neal is getting married to debutante Kimberly Wallace, food critic Julianne Potter realizes her true feelings for Michael -- and sets out to sabotage the wedding. Two talented song-and-dance men team up after the war to become one of the hottest acts in show business. In time they befriend and become romantically involved with the beautiful Haynes sisters who comprise a sister act. Rauf hopes to win over his big crush, the older Zana, with the help of the colour pink. But what does pink really look like anyways, and will he even be able to find it in his snowy little Kurdish village up in the mountains? Meanwhile, disturbing rumours sweep in from the outside world. Ray Livingston is a relationship-blogging hack ("freelance writer, actually") responsible for Brooklyn's infamous blog, "Occasionally Dating Black Women." The well-written, if not controversial, blog has generated some notoriety, but Ray is chafing from an overextended stay in New York, romantic ennui, and a stagnating writing career. After a particularly crappy week, he goes off on a tirade and harasses a gorgeous random passerby, only to discover that it's Rochelle Marseille, one of New York's up-and-coming authors. Moving to make amends in an effort to preserve his media clout, Ray is stunned when Rochelle gives him more than he ever thought she would. "A romantic drama about a young couple dealing with post miscarriage trauma." A man sits in a pub, soaked to the skin in Guinness. He reflects on the ups and downs of his relationship. Trouble ensues when a motorcycle gang stops in a small southern town while heading to the races at Daytona. It only takes one look, one touch, one kiss to know you've met the one person who will change your life forever. Such is the case for young Jake and Aylin as they venture into The Sand Dune that one fateful evening. A mexican chef meets her love interest in an american man. The story revolves around a guy whose got a defect in him and how he gets trapped in a crime which forces him to kidnap a girl in order save his beloved ones. Set in the '90s in suburbs of Bangladesh and West Bengal, a love story developed between two young souls against the backdrop of communal riots. Soukhyam is a 2015 Telugu romantic comedy film produced by V. Anand Prasad on Bhavya Creations banner and directed by A.S. Ravikumar Chowdary. Starring Gopichand, Regina Cassandra in the lead roles and music composed by Anup Rubens. A girl gets through a break up with her and her fiance when she knows that hes cheating on her. A young passionate man helps her and they fall in love but there is some conditions that keeps them from being together. A border region village between the Czech Republic and Germany tells the love story of TOMMY (19) from socially disadvantaged backgrounds and JULIA (18) coming from a wealthy family. Julia is getting unexpectedly pregnant. Against their parents opinion Julia and Tommy want to build a future with the child. Money is a big issue for Tommy who works as a baker's student. Tommy is offered a risky deal - drug smuggling. The young relationship is put to the test. Jenn has washed ashore a small tropical island and it doesn't take her long to realize she's completely alone. She must spend her days not only surviving the elements, but must also fend off the malevolent force that comes out each night. Moti journeys from Lahore to the northern areas of Pakistan where he meets a female rock star. It's the story of a young couple struggling with challenges of life. Both are aggressive and follow their own thoughts which affect their relationship. Their reunion becomes complicated gradually. an experimental short about confronting your inner self When they overhear Miss Witherspoon, the school superintendent, say that nothing short of an epidemic will allow the school to be closed for a week, the Our Gang conspire to fake illness. They paint spots on their faces and go to the doctor. Unfortunately they don't realize the doctor they've chosen is a veterinarian. The doctor humors them by inviting Buckwheat into the examining room, but when a monkey emerges they assume the doctor's "monkey serum" has transformed their pal. An English mother and her teenage son spend a week preparing the sale of their remote holiday house in the South of France. Fifteen-year-old Elliot struggles with his dawning sexuality and an increasing alienation from his mother, Beatrice. She in turn is confronted by the realisation that her marriage to his father, Philip, has grown loveless and the life she knows is coming to an end. When an enigmatic local teenager, Clement, quietly enters their lives, both mother and son are compelled to confront their desires and, finally, each other. When a group of college kids get together for a weekend of partying, they find themselves mixed up in a murderous plot. Having planned on a weekend of hard-core debauchery, the English students and their visiting American friends do not notice when a series of mindless murders and acts of terrorism are carried out around them. Status Quo are one of Britain's longest-lived bands, staying together for over 40 years. During much of that time, the band was only successful in the U.K., where it racked up a string of Top Ten singles across the decades. A look at the creation of The Pogues' song "Fairytale of New York". A bohemian Seattle DJ uses his on-air charisma to create a fictitious conservative radio personality, becoming an overnight sensation.  Won best comedy for Palm Beach Film Festival 2016. Won Best Director LA Film Festival. Produced by Arthur L. Bernstein and Adam Falkoff Urmita (Anjana Bhoumik), a young actress, finds herself left behind when she momentarily disembarks from a train bound for her next movie location. Stranded in the middle of nowhere, Urmita accepts an offer of shelter from lonely, romantic stationmaster Alok (Uttam Kumar). But even in this remote backwater, word travels fast, and soon the whole town is celebrating Alok's "marriage" to this beautiful stranger. Jahar Roy co-stars. A playboy finds himself in a spot of bother when he falls in love with the right girl. A rising Hollywood actor decides to take personal revenge against a group of four persistent photographers to make them pay for almost causing a personal tragedy involving his wife and son. The film tells of the attempts made by a Beijing van driver (Ge You) to obtain his wage arrears from travel agency boss (Fu Biao) - even to the point of kidnapping the latter's Singaporean girlfriend (Jacklyn Wu). Two overworked and underpaid assistants come up with a plan to get their bosses off their backs by setting them up with each other. It's a romantic drama with colourful characters and hint of mystery typical of Saradindu Bandyopadhyay. The film revolves around the story of a thief played by Abir Chatterjee. Arshinagar is a Bengali musical romance drama film directed by Aparna Sen. The screenplay is an adaptation of Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet. Inspired by real events and spanning three eras of German history, film tells the story of Kurt, a young art student who falls in love with fellow student, Ellie. Ellie's father, Professor Seeband, a famous doctor, is dismayed at his daughter's choice of boyfriend, and vows to destroy the relationship. What neither of them knows is that their lives are already connected through a terrible crime Seeband committed decades ago. Although Parsha is the cricket team captain and the brightest student in his year, the beautiful and confident Aarchi is out of his reach. She belongs to a higher caste, her family is rich, and her father is a kingpin in local politics. But Aarchi is a headstrong girl who won't let anyone boss her around - and she likes the persistent, brave Parsha. How will their families react? What happens to love when when two people have to sacrifice everything for it? Beyond the glamour of Bollywood, Sairat is an epic love story that takes a critical look at Indian society in the 21st century. A housewife's, Tiffany, world is turned upside down by a stranger who breaks into her apartment and tells her that he abducted her husband of eight years while he was on a business trip in Hong Kong. Adding to the bizarreness of the situation, the kidnapper, who says his name is tells Tiffany that he doesn't want any ransom money. Instead, to secure her husband's freedom, she will have to take on the role of his wife for a week.   'People You May Know' tells the story of four friends in their 40s in Los Angeles. All them will have to confront a new reality when Delia gets pregnant from Joe, her best friend who happens to be gay. Diane is a struggling single mom in LA. Just when things are at their worst, but she will have to live in small town USA for a year and take care of a dog for a year before the house is hers. Shouya Ishida starts bullying the new girl in class, Shouko Nishimiya, because she is deaf. But as the teasing continues, the rest of the class starts to turn on Shouya for his lack of compassion. When they leave elementary school, Shouko and Shouya do not speak to each other again... until an older, wiser Shouya, tormented by his past behaviour, decides he must see Shouko once more. He wants to atone for his sins, but is it already too late...?   Two strangers spark romance through their unusual habit. .A young middle-class upstart Lin Ching Yi reluctantly takes on the task as understudy for her sick father who's a dedicated teacher to a band of mischievous working-class 3rd graders that initially proved to be much more than she can handle. Yet it is the matronly bond that is formed with her little urchin flock and her gradual understanding of the their poverty-stricken home lives outside of the classroom that raises the stakes for her as a teacher. It doesn't hurt that her empathetic male colleague Kit Chang provides support for her dilemmas also provide her a prospect as love interest. With growing ties with her students and school, Lin finds herself accepting the challenge for education of her community with her own education of love. Casting a Glance is a tribute to the American artist Robert Smithson. Between May 15 2005 and January 14 2007, I made 16 trips to the Spiral Jetty. Created in 1970, the Jetty is a 1,500-foot long spiral-shaped jetty extending into the Great Salt Lake in Utah constructed from rocks, earth, salt and red algae. Poet Lazarus, finds himself caught in a love triangle with long term lover Louise and new found love interest Simone. A heartfelt romantic comedy with a twist set to a beautiful London backdrop. A secret new romance with Alma forces Zaynab to confront her complicated relationship with her recently widowed mother. In this coming-of-age Muslim melodrama, Zaynab copes by taking up Lucha-style wrestling. Based on the book "Choke" by Diana Lopez. Taryn finds herself gaining much-desired popularity when the charismatic new girl at school claims her as a "breath sister," teaching Taryn about the Choking Game. Hiding it from her ever-present mother, best friend, and teachers, Taryn sees choking as a way to build self-control and grab an easy high. But, as the stakes are raised through each subsequent 'flight', Taryn has no idea that she is actually putting her life in extreme danger. A young man is forced to pretend to be his estranged gay brother in order to keep a major business from falling through. Though he has always hated his brother, the young man gains a new appreciation as he lives his brother's life. An aspiring actor succumbs to pressure from his father and takes up the role of lawyer. When William Conroy (Rob Lowe), a former college professor, is sentenced to life in prison for vehicular manslaughter it seems his life is over. But when a fellow inmate tells him that in the past two years fourteen inmates have died at the prison, and then turns up dead the next day, Conroy realizes he is in more danger than he ever imagined. Conroy's suspicions are confirmed when the van carrying the inmates crashes. Seizing the opportunity, Conroy flees the scene and elicits the help of his lawyer. What the two discover is a grisly murder ring set up within the prison walls that incriminates those at the highest levels of the correctional system. The Freeling family move in with Diane's mother in an effort to escape the trauma and aftermath of Carol Anne's abduction by the Beast. But the Beast is not to be put off so easily and appears in a ghostly apparition as the Reverend Kane, a religeous zealot responsible for the deaths of his many followers. His goal is simple - he wants the angelic Carol Anne. The misfits who work at a 24-hour copy center in Austin have their lives disrupted with a new hire - just as the owner blows into town with bad news: he is selling out to corporate America. The film starts one year after the stories of 'Approach to Love' have unfolded. Main character Wu Shuang broke up with Chen Wei, with whom he was in a long-distance relationship. He suffers physically and mentally, and engages in random sex in order to stop the pain. At a sex date, Wu met Wang Yunchao, who is a teacher at his university. Wang started to stalk him, up until Wu relented and fell for him too. Wu found the courage to forget the past, and opened himself up to a new relationship. However, at that moment, Wang left him. A stash of old cassette tapes may hold the secrets to an alcoholic's delusions after the death of his wife. Takatoshi Minamiyama (Sota Fukushi) majors in art at an university in Kyoto. On the train to the school, he sees Emi Fukuju (Nana Komatsu) and falls in love with her at first sight. Gathering up all his courage, he speaks to her. They begin to date and enjoy happy days together, but Emi reveals her secret to him. The dog and the diamond, and the romantic life of Raja and his lady love Ammu in comical situations. Reunited after 15 years, famous chef Sasha and hometown musician Marcus feel the old sparks of attraction but struggle to adapt to each other's worlds. A journey of a young man named JC, a conflicted young woman Janine, and Christy a woman on the verge of renaissance. Waterloo - Ring ring - Mamma mia - SOS - Bang-a-boomerang - I do, I do, I do, I do, I do - Fernando - Dancing queen - Money, money, money - Knowing me, knowing you - That's me - The name of the game - Take a chance on me - Eagle - One man, one woman - Thank you for the music - Summer night  city - Chiquitita - Does your mother know - Voulez-vous - Gimme! gimme! gimme! - A man (after midnight) - On and on and on - The winner takes it all - Super trouper - Happy New Year - When all is said and done - One of us - Head over heels - The day before you came - Under attack Rhythm is a 2000 Tamil film directed by Vasanth. The film stars Arjun, Meena and Manivannan in lead roles and Ramesh Aravind and Jyothika in cameo appearances. The music is by A. R. Rahman, while cinematography was handled by P.S. Vinod and Arthur A. Wilson. The film was released in August 2000 in India and worldwide. Based on the real events which widowed people face while setting a steady course for their lives, the movie contains elements of both arthouse and commercial cinema. The film won critical acclaim upon its release A woman and a man who met at a soccer game. Years later, they decide to see each other again at the same place they found their passion, a soccer match with the same teams playing against each other. The film takes place during the late 19th century in Bengal. During that period of time, Zaminders had absolute power and controlled every aspect of common people's lives. Rizwan is the only son of a very powerful Zaminder who resides in the rural part of Bengal. As Rizwan grows up, His father sends him away to the city for higher education, however Rizwan have no interest in heart to seek higher education as he aspires to become a great poet. As he progresses with his life in the city, one day his friends persuades him to go to a Baizi Bari's Jhumri Mahal, where all the Raqasa (Dancers) resides. Maduveya Mamatheya Kareyole is a 2016 Indian Kannada romantic comedy film written directed by Kaviraj in his directorial debut. It stars Suraj Gowda and Amulya in the lead roles whilst Anant Nag and Achyuth Kumar feature in supporting roles. Contemporary Moscow. Nikita and Afina are the perfect couple: young, smart, attractive, and in love. Well, perfect, that is, until Afina suddenly leaves Nikita for a 40-year-old dentist. How will Nikita win her back? In 1940s Montreal, a young man wrestles with his emotions for his domineering twin sister and his best friend's girlfriend. In a drab, anonymous gray school governed by a strict authoritarian regime, an apparently unremarkable day is turned on its head following a seemingly ridiculous announcement. Disbelieving at first, the all male, identically uniformed pupils are informed that what they had always been taught as fact is no longer true. When the incredulous students speak out, what initially seems laughably absurd becomes desperately real as they are forced to question how far they will go to stand up for their beliefs. Two &amp; Two is an allegory for the absurdness of dictatorship and tyranny - and the resilience of the human spirit. A notoriously shrewish TV drama writer and a Korean wave star who fight like cats and dogs every time they meet; a spinster flight attendant landlady and a nosy chef tenant who build a sense of camaraderie; a genius relationship-virgin composer who harbors a secret admiration for a scatterbrained producer. As they crash-land into each other's lives, will there be love? In Los Angeles, Max Carlyle makes a good living directing commercials and has a happy home life with his wife, Mimi, and two children. When Carlyle travels to New York City to visit his friend Charlie, who has been diagnosed with AIDS, he has repeat run-ins with a beautiful woman, Karen, and eventually sleeps with her. Though he goes home the next day and doesn't return until a year later, Carlyle's infidelity still lingers. The only cure prescribed for a broken heart is a heavy dose of love and some Christmas pudding. Dr Louis van Est is a professional when it comes to the anatomy of the human body, yet he knows nothing about the condition of the human heart. As a GP, he is not the stereotypical clean cut doctor; in fact he retreats home to his laptop where he escapes from his bland life to another world world. Ella Gouws, a straightforward, straight-speaking thirty year old, has been wounded by love one too many times and won't let anyone close enough to break her already broken heart, again apart from her online chat buddy with whom she shares her dreams, thoughts and philosophies. The Purushottam Karandak -- a real-life inter-college festival in which theater students compete head-to-head -- becomes an ideological battleground in this bold,brilliant exploration of the creative impulse. IFFLA alum Kranti Kanade leaves no radical idea or experimental flourish behind as he tells the story of Chetan, an aspiring young writer who dreams of winning the competition but struggles to find his own artistic voice. After Chetan clashes with his tyrannical acting professor, he enlists his own group of misfits to perform a play against his college's official team. If only he could come up with a great story and keep his own temper and libido in check. And should true art even be placed in a competition, where one vision is declared the best? A four decade journey through Bangladesh. When an aspiring rapper goes viral for the wrong reasons, he thinks his career is sunk. But a wild party gives him one more chance to make it right. Two best friends try to navigate the complicated world of the modelling industry. In the process, they have to deal with desperate admirers, incompetent agents, other models, and competition with each other. A chance meeting with a group of successful young men at a club launches their careers and complicates their love lives. A strong personality girl, a ruffian of a boy, their classic love story, and an ending to anticipate. Alice wakes up with a terrible feeling that she had been raped. Her attempts to repress these nightmarish thoughts collapse, as she finds herself petrified and unable to get out of her apartment. Just across the street lives Ziv, a 17-year old gentle and gifted musician who faces his own loss. Fate will soon join these two characters together and reveal how a crisis can produce both destruction and growth, violence and grace. A quirky couple spends their three-year dating anniversary looking back at their relationship and contemplating whether they should break up. When a young man crashes the wrong wedding, the bride seizes the opportunity to make a run for it and together they attempt to evade her overbearing grandfather. Beautiful, funny, passionate, and calculating, Becky is the orphaned daughter of a starving English artist and a French chorus girl. She yearns for a more glamorous life than her birthright promises and resolves to conquer English society by any means possible. A mere ascension into the heights of society is simply not enough. So Becky finds a patron in the powerful Marquess of Steyne whose whims enable Becky to realise her dreams. But is the ultimate cost too high for her? A pair of husband and wife, Anwar and Zarra, bought a warehouse to start their tile business. However, what the couple does not realise is that 'something' is already residing in the warehouse and 'it' does not welcome the couple. From then on, Anwar and Zarra begin to experience all sorts of supernatural disturbances that end up destroying the household. Dolores Claiborne was accused of killing her abusive husband twenty years ago, but the court's findings were inconclusive and she was allowed to walk free. Now she has been accused of killing her employer, Vera Donovan, and this time there is a witness who can place her at the scene of the crime. Things look bad for Dolores when her daughter Selena, a successful Manhattan magazine writer, returns to cover the story. A woman wants to divorce her husband, but is forced to live with him for six months first. Will she long to be with the one she loves, or will she learn to love the one she's with? A German woman in New York is busy redesigning her life from model to designer, but is forced to live with her husband's ex-wife when he disappears. The life of a father and son and their life experience when son tries to breakup with his lover. Sophie Bellizzi is a hard-working perfectionist who is obsessed with getting her company off the ground. She has a strained relationship with her younger sister Juliana, and an even more difficult one with her grandmother who is obsessed with seeing her only grandchildren married so as to protect the family's wealth. When Sophie breaks it off with her cheating boyfriend, she is abruptly faced with her grandmother's cunning plan to pass her substantial inheritance onto her sister, unless she marries before her 30th birthday, which is in three months time. Sophie has to act fast. A woman on the brink of a marriage proposal is told by a friend that she should date other men before spending the rest of her life with her boyfriend. In Stockholm, Sweden, hacker Lisbeth Salander is hired by Frans Balder, a computer engineer, to retrieve a program that he believes it is too dangerous to exist. Our feelings, our choices, even our death wander on the web like options, like ghosts. For the time of a last train journey, for the time of a love chat, a deadly chat, or an unlikely casting, three generations will try to definitively wrest from virtual nomadism, to put an end to self-exile that undo our lives... Between Rotterdam and Tourcoing, diving in the Flatlands, tenuous and fragile... The life of a young and charming girl who possesses 'special powers' turns topsy-turvy after she encounters an unexpected incident. A couple of a certain age take a vacation to get out of the big city. When they realize their stress lies within the relationship, big decisions must be made. After teenage ambulance driver Ernest Hemingway (Chris O'Donnell) takes shrapnel in the leg during World War I, he falls in love with Agnes von Kurowsky (Sandra Bullock), a beautiful older nurse at the hospital where he's sent to recover. Their affair slowly blossoms, until Hemingway boldly asks Agnes to be his wife and journey to America with him. Richard Attenborough directs this drama based on the real-life experiences of the famed novelist. The story of two lovers who are united in an environment hostile to dating of any kind. Barakah is municipal civil servant from Jeddah and an amateur actor in a theatre troupe. Barakah is a wild beauty, who functions as a crowd-puller for her stylish mother's boutique and runs her own widely-seen vlog. They both defy customs and traditions, as well as the religious police, using modern communication technologies and traditional dating methods. The story of a super-secret spy organization that recruits an unrefined but promising street kid into the agency's ultra-competitive training program just as a global threat emerges from a twisted tech genius. Unlucky Dasha believes that it will help the online training - for a month visit the 30 dates, and then the man of her dreams will find her. Just to stay alive after a meeting with crazy cavalry and try to discern among them the perfect man. A happy-go-lucky Shobhan tries to help his friend improve his love life until things become complicated for both of them and tests their friendship. Though Kannan loves Revathy, his neighbour and childhood pal, he lies to his friends that she too is in love with him. So, when Revathy's family, respected - and feared - in the village, arranges her wedding with another, his friends decide to get the lovers together at all costs and send an inebriated and unconscious Kannan and a drugged Revathy off to Kerala in the hope that her family will accept the couple once they are married. How does their plan play out? Although deeply in love with her boyfriend - and indeed sleeping in the same bed with him - a schoolteacher cannot handle the almost complete lack of intimacy he will allow. Increasingly frustrated, she gradually finds her sexual appetites leading her into ever more risky situations, including a developing one with the headmaster. A man finds out he's in an open marriage. Bruno, 19 years old, has not begun his sexual life. He feels guilty about his brother's death and one of his exgirlfriends, who happens to be his first love, is back in town to help him out.  When one of her hits goes wrong, a professional assassin ends up with a suitcase full of a million dollars belonging to a mob boss ... An unlikely love story between polar opposites Uno and CJ two strangers, and how one night changes their lives forever. Unforeseen circumstances collide and force Uno and CJ to live under the same roof as they both deal with their sense of responsibility and their yearning for security. Uno is motivated by his sense of family while CJ is governed by an unconditional love that should put her first above everything else. The unlikely thing that binds Uno and CJ together paves the way for them to find in each other the kind of love they never thought they needed. Two university students gain insight into life and love as they get to know each other during a road trip across Europe. While doing community service at a special needs home, a rebellious teenage girl develops an unlikely friendship with a young mentally handicapped man who lives there. Jenn has washed ashore a small tropical island and it doesn't take her long to realize she's completely alone. She must spend her days not only surviving the elements, but must also fend off the malevolent force that comes out each night. A rich young man hires his classmate to pretend to be his girlfriend to appease his father. Though it is meant to be purely a business arrangement, real sparks fly as they spend time together. A funny and irresistible story of a young girl who literally cannot see or hear her mother, even though she is living with her under the same roof. With the help of an eccentric psychiatrist, and a local, accidental hero, our heroine has to grow up, but falls in love and eventually takes hold of her future - despite not being able to see what's right in front of her.  A sixty-something mother and her two adult sons cope and move onward following the death of their larger-than-life father/husband. Krishna (Nani) and Mahalakshmi (Mehreen) have been in love since childhood. But he is a coward and she is the sister of a local factionist. Prakshan runs an electrical hardware shop and is known by all the people of that village. As the story progresses, the entry of a mysterious girl in Prakshan's life unfolds a lot of suspense and comical moments. 'Love Isn't Enough' tells the story of an interracial couple's marriage (Charles and Amanda) being tested by family and societal pressures when they realize that even LOVE may not be enough to save it; but with a child involved the stakes are higher and their issues more amplified. To emphasize the difference in cultures, the character of Charles Joyner (Shadner Ifrene - African American male) was directed by Saquan Jones (African American male) and the character of Amanda Joyner (Ashley Bloom - Caucasian female) was directed by Erin Ryan (Caucasian female). Pakistan-born comedian Kumail Nanjiani and grad student Emily Gardner fall in love but struggle as their cultures clash. When Emily contracts a mysterious illness, Kumail finds himself forced to face her feisty parents, his family's expectations, and his true feelings. Leonardo da Vinci finds it difficult to pursue his own dreams while serving as the Duke's court artist, but young Roberto takes risks to convince the Master not to give up on his dreams. In this moving story of friendship, the Renaissance genius invents a flying machine and helps Roberto reach new heights. The story is set in 1947, following a long-retired Holmes living in a Sussex village with his housekeeper and rising detective son. But then he finds himself haunted by an unsolved 50-year old case. Holmes' memory isn't what it used to be, so he only remembers fragments of the case: a confrontation with an angry husband, a secret bond with his beautiful but unstable wife. Florencia, a rising actress, ends up falling in love with her co-star, a famous film star. When they decide to marry, Florencia becomes aware that in reality she fell in love with the character and that her husband is indeed a real idiot. A documentary film released in 2000 about two American families with young deaf children and their conflict over whether or not to give their children cochlear implants, surgically implanted devices that may improve their ability to hear but may threaten their deaf identity. A sixty-something mother and her two adult sons cope and move onward following the death of their larger-than-life father/husband. A look at the work of Sli Eile--a live-in centre for sufferers of mental illnesses in Cork, Ireland--and the dedication of founder Joan Hamilton to establishing a support community in the wake of her own daughter's mental health issues. A story about a disturbance between a famous composer and a woman suffering from amnesia that coincidently happens after they start to live together, and memories about first love. It's tornadoes, hurricanes, electrical storms, and mass destruction as the effects of global warming brew into a super storm that threatens to rend the earth with an unprecedented power. Beautiful scientist Faith Clavell, storm chaser Tommy Tornado, and Judith Carr, the head of FEMA, can stop the inevitable from happening-if they have the courage to venture into the roiling blackness of the storm itself. Tor Naam is a 2012 Bengali movie directed by Jaya Sankar and produced by Weird Industries. The film is a remake of the Telegu movie Kotha Bangaru Lokam. Ex-football star Mike Gambril meets Terry McKay on a flight to Sydney, which is forced to land on a small atoll. They become romantic on board a ship sent to take them to a larger island. They agree to meet in New York three months later to see if the attraction is real. One shows up but the other doesn't. However, a chance meeting brings them together again. Abhimanyu Roy is stuck with writer's block until he decides to re-live the memories of his childhood sweetheart Bindu who aspires to be a successful singer and struggles to give Abhi the one thing he craves - stability. After fleeing an arranged marriage, a feisty Indian woman finds herself stranded in Pakistan where the ex-governor's son helps reunite her with her boyfriend. Reverend Brooks leads the town in a contest to stop smoking for a month, But some tobacco executives don't want them to win, and try everything they can to make them smoke. If townspeople don't go nuts, from wanting a cigarette, or kill each other from irritation and frustration, they will will a huge prize. A troubled teen on the verge of suspension from school must learn to resist the allure of street crime. A spirited girl finds herself caught in a complicated love triangle while burdened with societal and familial pressures. Madhav Jha, a rustic boy from Bihar who is drawn to his college-mate, Riya Somani, an affluent English-speaking girl from Delhi. There's just one hitch here. Riya is willing to go thus far and no further; Madhav continues being obsessed with her. Will the Bihar boy and the Delhi girl make it past the half-way mark? Evan, Johnny, and Irwin are best friends since childhood. One day, all three of them are dumped by their girlfriends. While drunk, Evan comes across a website called "Get Your Dream iGirl". All he needs to do is enter the criteria of his dream girl and upon payment, he will get what he wants.On an impulse, Evan throws in his life savings. He receives a parcel containing parts of a human model, which he assembles into a woman figure. The next day, he finds the mannequin is alive... Five friends are stalked and murdered by a masked assailant while preparing for Valentine's Day. Abhi (Ankush Hazra), son of a rich business man loves Bhoomika (Subhasree Ganguly) since childhood. Though people think him as a spoilt brat, but actually he is a good person by heart. He doesn't care what people think about him. He loves Bhoomika and can do anything for his love. However, Bhoomika does not like him. She joins a college in Darjeeling to pursue higher studies. Meanwhile, Abhi also takes admission in the same college in pursuit to win his love. Take a trip back to the 90's in Kolkata when moments spent even during a load shedding were priceless. During a routine scan, a young couple navigating their first pregnancy discover a health condition that could gravely impact their baby, forcing them to re-examine their relationship and their future. After they both swipe right, Jeff and Kate start to build a personal relationship through the most impersonal of ways: technology. From flirty texting to their first Skype date, they find themselves drawn to each other but are scared of actually making the choice to meet in person. Because in today's dating scene, first comes like and then comes, should we meet? The story of Richard and Mildred Loving, an interracial couple, whose challenge of their anti-miscegenation arrest for their marriage in Virginia led to a legal battle that would end at the US Supreme Court. One year ago on November 2, seven people sat down to dinner at the Luxembourg. One of them, Rosemary Barton, never got up. She was thought to have committed suicide due to post-flu depression. A struggling musician moves in with his gay best friend in order to restart his life only to find himself falling in love with their lesbian roommate. The movie follows three directors, three group of students, three stories, who all aim at the upcoming National Students' Talent Competition, where all the students training hard to perform on stage to win the game. A struggling young couple stumbles upon a cache of dirty money after a shootout in their apartment building. A young woman, Lena, drives to her father's second funeral after a vault error. On the way, she picks up two brothers who are hitchhiking. This unlikely meeting at a crucial moment in her life will change the course of her journey. A struggling musician meets a writer, whose marriage with her film director husband is in turmoil because of an upcoming actress. When a mother reunites her family in Suriname for Christmas, two brothers - one living in Holland, one still in Suriname - have a hard time to get along with each other after a rumor spreads gold was found in their father's land. A seventeen year old girl who has lived all her life on an island off the coast of Ireland is faced with the choice to remain there or emigrate to America. Mal-hee, brought up by strict single father, is a 33-year-old virgin. Everybody except her seems to have a decent sex, even her conservative father died while having heated sex. What is worse, Se-young who enjoyed sex storms with Mal-hee's father intrudes her life claiming Mal-hee's father had a will that he would give his house to her. Mal-hee has no choice but living with Se-young to keep her father's reputation. However Mal-hee is slowly fascinated by Se-young's frank attitude, and finally decides to get laid before too late. Following Se-young's instruction, Mal-hee is set to seduce her Mr. Right.  It's love at first sight when a rebellious playboy falls in love with a girl. He now has to go to great lengths to win her heart. Dora, a girl who has spent most of her life exploring the jungle with her parents, now must navigate her most dangerous adventure yet: high school. Always the explorer, Dora quickly finds herself leading Boots (her best friend, a monkey), Diego, and a rag tag group of teens on an adventure to save her parents and solve the impossible mystery behind a lost Inca civilization. An underling of a gangster decides to turn over a new leaf, but will his violent past let him do so? After her husband's death, Hana lives on alone in the family villa. Her two sons visit her with their families, but these visits frequently end in quarrels. When Hana meets Brona, a hardy fellow, inured to winter swimming, a new world opens before her. Brona's team-mates absorb her into their team and Hana gradually learns to overcome her fear of icy water. Her relation with Brona grows into love. The Scent of Memory, is the story of love between two women who think life in completely different ways . One knows a secret that can zoom out or both . A magical affinity, threatened by circumstances. A story about an aspiring young man who works in the Chennai city, who wants to go abroad for work, this film has a huge twist after the hero meets with the heroine. The heroine, who loses her mother when she was born, wants her future husband to stay at her place after marriage.  Siddhartha is the story of a young Brahmin and his search for a meaningful way of life. His journey takes him through periods of harsh asceticism, sensual pleasures, material wealth, self-revulsion and eventually to the oneness and harmony that he had been seeking. The story is based on the best-selling novel by German Nobel Prize winner Hermann Hesse. Chris and Zach get some ice cream. We all wish we could change the past. For Mel that day has come. In junior high, Mel and Gabby (Sara Rue) were the biggest geeks. Of course, Mel had a crush on the most popular guy, Drew Hesler (Brian A. Green). When word spreads of Mel's crush, he plays a cruel joke on her pretending to be interested, only to turn her down in front of the entire school. Eleven years later, our ugly ducklings are now swans and Mel is a PR executive. When Mel is assigned to handle the publicity for a new restaurant, she is shocked to discover that the owner is a handsome young entrepreneur named Drew Hesler. Exploring the further adventures of Carmen and Juni Cortez, who have now joined the family spy business as Level 2 OSS agents. Their new mission is to save the world from a mad scientist living on a volcanic island populated by an imaginative menagerie of creatures. On this bizarre island, none of the Cortez's gadgets work and they must rely on their wits--and each other--to survive and save the day. The life of beautiful, irrepressible Christina starts falling apart when she learns that her husband Paulius has some unfinished business with dangerous men, stolen money and other women. Pop superstar Jordan Jaye has a big dream - he just wants to live like a regular teenager. When he's chased down by some excited female fans, he finds a perfect hideout and a reluctant new friend from a small town, high-school art student, Emily Lowe. Despite being from different worlds, they soon discover they have way more in common than they ever imagined. Over the course of several days, the two embark on an unexpected journey of friendship, first love and self-discovery -- proving that maybe opposites really do attract. Despite being separated by 24 years, and in two different generations, two love stories are connected by a legend surrounding the celestial phenomena. Film adaptation of the 2002 stage drama "Northern Lights" by renowned Taiwanese theatre director Hugh Lee. Rihito Sajo, an honor student with a perfect score on the entrance exam and Hikaru Kusakabe, in a band and popular among girls, would have never crossed paths. Until one day they started talking at the practice for their school's upcoming chorus festival. After school, the two meet regularly, as Hikaru helps Rihito to improve his singing skills. While they listen to each other's voice and harmonize, their hearts start to beat together. In life of a talented copywriter Alex there comes a black strip. Everything he undertakes, comes to an end with a total failure, even the most good intentions turn into an accident. Only his best friend Dima and a dog Snoopy are nearby. Rescue comes unexpectedly: the real miracle laptop, by means of which even the most cherished dreams can become reality falls into Alex's hands: expensive cars, magnificent house, money... But his main goal is - to get a job in the prestigious advertising agency and to deserve love of a cover-girl Mary who is going about with Fyodor, the deputy head of advertising agency. The power and money spoil Alex, but passing through many adventures he understands that even the finest and magic device won't be able to supply love, friendship and real life. A gay couple in Seoul confront the uncertain prospect of military service and a hidden past from North Korea. Man remembers 48 crucial hours in his life when, as a child, he visited his mother, the favorite woman of an important politician, in a bordello owned by her, right before some important political changes in 1937 Brazil. In those hours, he discovers his own sexuality. A woman struggles to escape the clutches of her overbearing, co-dependent mother, while gradually falling for a sexy, sophisticated attorney. Robin Givens, Miguel Nunez, and Bobby Valentino star in this faith-based romantic drama about Thea Johnson, terribly desperate to be married to her longtime boyfriend Jamar. When he takes too long to propose, she decides to propose to him instead. Thea creates an elaborate proposal, but is thwarted by his reluctance. An obsessed ex-boyfriend, married &amp; single friends, and Thea s father &amp; pastor all take part in the tug of war for her heart. Marquise de Merteuil, former lover of Vicomte de Valmont, incites him to corrupt the innocent Cecile de Volanges before her wedding night, but Valmont has targeted the peerlessly virtuous and beautiful Madame de Tourvel. On the surface, Clara Barron seems to have it all: a job as an OB-GYN; a great house in LA; and a loving family. But, the one thing Clara doesn't have figured out is her love life. Pressured by a family wedding in Mexico, Clara asks a co-worker to pose as her boyfriend for the weekend festivities,- only to be caught by surprise when her ex- boyfriend (and family favorite) suddenly shows up after disappearing from her life completely. Torn, Clara must decide between going back to the past or open her heart to new and unexpected possibilities. George Geef gets sent home from work to tend to his cold. Bob and Greta De Jaegher are happily married for 40 years. They can look back on a rich and fulfilled life. Their 2 sons Steve and Carl have a successful life as well. Steve is a talented and recognized film-director and Carl is a promising cook. Steve's wife Billie wrote a bestseller about happiness and wants to start a family with her husband. Brother-in-law Rik, who works at the zoo, tries to pick up his life with his kids, after his wife died two years ago. To mark their 40th wedding anniversary, Bob and Greta organize a family weekend. They want to announce something very important. Their new plans are a sure hit for the family De Jaegher, but that's not the only thing - What had to be a cheerful gathering of the family, turns out to be something nobody expected. Simpallag Innondh Love Story is a film about two people who are different. On one hand, Khush is a happy-go-lucky guy, while Khushi is a girl who has big dreams for her life. They meet when Khushi is on her way back home. After arguing with his girlfriend, Ali, Tyler lands in the arms of sexy new girl, Holly. The next morning, he finds that not only does Ali agree to take him back, but Holly is a new student at their school and is dead set on her new man. When Juliet Capulet (of Shakespearean fame) is plucked from death and turned into a vampire, she is forced to live all eternity without her sweet Romeo. Now, 800 years later, Juliet meets a young woman who captures her heart again and teaches her that love and loss are all a part of life, and that a life without love is no life at all. The incredible tale of Mozart's Prague years.  Youngsters belonging to two rival factions in a village fall in love with each other. Will this romance add fuel to the enmity or result in peace? The relationship of four friends comes under strain when their parents wrongly assume the rapport between two among them to be in love. Radha Krishna(Srikanth) is a daring police officer who wants to settle down in life. Whenever he finalizes a girl, he lands up in trouble and spoils his marriage. On the other hand, Lakshmi Prasanna(Sonia Mann) is a qualified teacher who runs a highly successful school. Radha Krishna spots Lakshmi during an event and falls in love with her. Ganapa is based on an incident in Bengaluru's underworld. The film takes a realistic approach, not on rowdyism, but on people affected by it. Sweetiee Weds NRI is a Bollywood comedy movie, directed by Hasnain Hyderabadawala and Written by Creative Director Tariq Mohammad. The movie stars Himansh Kohli, Zoya Afroz, Darshan Jariwalla and Kiran Joneja in lead roles. (coming soon) When three best friends are forced to fall in love in order to save their jobs, they learn that letting go is a lot harder then it seems. A promising young politician who's running for the senate. He then meets a female spin doctor who helps in orchestrating his campaign and giving him a new image. The first choice to play his leading lady is Jennylyn Mercado, since they've already proven that they have good chemistry together. Redheaded twins Armando and Beatriz always dreamed of being firefighters but during a rainy, uneventful winter they find themselves spending less time putting out infernos than they do helping neighbors who've locked themselves out of their apartments. This is how Armando meets a pretty young woman with whom he begins a tentative courtship. But soon a rift grows between the siblings and, spurred by Armando's exaggerated stories about his nascent relationship, Beatriz begins experiencing aural hallucinations that can only be remedied through music and, finally, the love of a stranger. Pinto made this impassioned fairy tale as part of a series of films about the four elements. - FilmLinc Julia Child and Julie Powell - both of whom wrote memoirs - find their lives intertwined. Though separated by time and space, both women are at loose ends... until they discover that with the right combination of passion, fearlessness and butter, anything is possible. When a music-hall dancer is murdered, a moss rose marks the page of a Bible next to her body. Luckily, another chorus girl (Peggy Cummins) saw a gentleman (Victor Mature) leaving the lodgings. She approaches him directly, saying she'll go to the police if he doesn't meet her demands, but he brushes her off contemptuously. When he learns she's dead serious, he tries to buy her off with a thick wad of pound notes. But it's not money she's after; all she wants is two weeks at his country estate, living the life of a `lady.'  the story of an English girl trying to find love between the office and her home life. But finding her match proves tricky when she isn't altogether sure who she is. When Stefan's father dies, the theater actor has to return to his hometown Bochum. But it is not easy to get rid of his parents' house, a monument of his life, when he meets Charlie with his old friends, acquaintances and his childhood sweetheart. Devathai, who is the daughter of the ex minister Chitravel comes across her first love Kaushik at her grandmother's death.She starts her love adventure to know more about Kaushik. Meanwhile her elder sister Nithya develops a relationship with her father's rival Paddi Alandhan's son Prakash. A special investigating officer Nagaraj is set to unravel the clues and discover the man behind the four mysterious murders which occurred in Chitravel's house. Krishnashtami tells the story of an NRI who returns to India with a definite purpose. This romantic entertainer is told with large doses of comedy, romance and family values. Strewn on the alcohol and urine soaked tiles of a dingy public bathroom, a young man reflects on the prostitute who stole his heart in a series of surreal and nightmarish flashbacks. 'You're Not Thinking Straight' is a fiercely unique coming-of-age tale about what it means to be young, lonely and clamouring for love in a broken world. Two strangers feel a supernatural connection after being involved in the same accident. Hang Yuan, a man who's been in love with a friend for a very long time, is willing to anything to win her over. Even cross-dressing. David, who gets by doing odd jobs, meets Lena, who has just moved up to Paris, and falls in love. But soon after, his life is brutally interrupted by the sudden death of his sister. Beyond the shock, and the pain, David now finds himself alone with his young niece Amanda to care for. High school kid, Thorvald, embarks on an effort to change the name of his school's sports and academic teams from the "Vikings", to something less offensive to Norwegians. It's a love story. After a chance phone call leads to daily conversations, a widowed restaurant owner and a lonely film actor plan to finally meet in person. Adam is a 22 year old New Zealand born Samoan guy who falls for Mary. On a 'chance' encounter he learns that Mary only wants to go out with a 'real island guy' - not a plastic one.  Adam realizes that to get rid of his 'plastic' ways and impress Mary, he'll have to travel to Samoa and have his cousins teach him how to be a real island guy.  Three Wise Cousins is a feature length comedy, that will have you laughing from start to end; it's a film unlike any other that will surprise you with it's endless amount of 'wisdom'. Sam looks forward to happy family life with girlfriend Jennifer and rediscovered teenage son Mark. Complications ensue when best friend Jonathan meets an early demise. Unfazed by Sam's decision to bury Jonathan in their herb patch mystic lodgers Trevor and Tracey hatch a plan to reanimate Jonathan, a fact unknown to Sam who now struggles to hold onto Jennifer and avoid encounters with the police fuelled by nosy neighbour Mrs Burd. With twists and turns at every corner this ZomCom love story gives a new meaning to the concept of survival. Jamie is moving in two weeks from Chicago to New York hoping to become a Broadway actress. Her best friend Jessica is bummed because she's not-so-secretly in love with Jamie. As moving day gets closer, Jessica tries to make Jamie jealous by dating other girls. But Jessica's plan backfires, in a way she could never imagine. Set in working class Chicago and infused with musical dance numbers, "Jamie and Jessie are Not Together" is a love letter to those gray areas of love and lust and to the young romances we will never forget. The story of a girl who can't decide whether she should be with the one she loves or should continue pursuing her career as a drama artist. Join Barbie in a colourful, modern-day fairytale filled with fashion, friends and fun! Barbie and her dog Sequin jet off to visit her Aunt's amazing fashion house in Paris, and much to her surprise it's about to be shut down forever. After she discovers three enchanting Flairies with sparkle-magic powers, Barbie comes up with a brilliant idea to save the business. She even inspires Alice, a shy fashion designer, and together they create a dazzling runway fashion show. Barbie shows that magic happens when you believe in yourself. In the future, Utopia has finally been achieved thanks to medical nanotechnology and a powerful ethic of social welfare and mutual consideration. This perfect world isn't that perfect though, and three young girls stand up to totalitarian kindness and super-medicine by attempting suicide via starvation. It doesn't work, but one of the girls--Tuan Kirie--grows up to be a member of the World Health Organization. As a crisis threatens the harmony of the new world, Tuan rediscovers another member of her suicide pact, and together they must help save the planet...from itself. Rich Dr.Akarsh and young middle class girl Acchari meet by accident, and seem to have the perfect romance going for them. Just when you think there's a happily ever after, there enters the other woman, Aditi Brooklyn mobster and prolific hit man Jimmy Conlon has seen better days. Longtime best friend of a mob boss, Jimmy is haunted by the sins of his past--as well as a dogged police detective who's been one step behind Jimmy for 30 years. But when Jimmy's estranged son becomes a target, Jimmy must make a choice between the crime family he chose and the real family he abandoned long ago. Now, with nowhere safe to turn, Jimmy has just one night to figure out exactly where his loyalties lie and to see if he can finally make things right. Two totally different strangers get entangled with each other's fate as a single winning lotto ticket brings them together in luck and love. A series of mysterious hand-illustrated postcards take a young woman on a journey throughout the Philippines in search of its anonymous writer. Heated tempers, frustrated desires and dashed hopes plague a diverse group of individuals whose lives cross paths in Mexico City. There is the bar-owner's son, Chava, who yearns to emigrate to America. A poor barber, Abel, is madly in love with the gorgeous Alma, who eventually becomes a high-class prostitute. Finally, there is Susanita, the desperate spinster who pursues many love affairs in hopes of finding a husband. By chance, a man and a woman meet on the KTX train and spend 24 hours in the unfamiliar city of Busan, South Korea. A 1934 French film about the death of Jesus Christ, released in English-speaking countries as Behold the Man. A man and a woman start to fall for each other after they get locked inside a movie theater on their first date. After her marriage comes undone, Soof has to re-invent herself and get her tumultuous life back on track. A country girl is persuaded to elope with the minister's nephew but she discovers that he is worthless. After he is killed in a brawl, her former sweetheart takes her back to her home. Slambook 2016 Movie A drag queen go through a neighbourhood in De Waterkant, Cape Town with a costume change or two. It's not easy being beautiful. The envy, the jealousy, the vicious rumors spread by your best friend. That's life for young Momo. While everyone thinks that Momo is a wild party girl, the reality is that she is shy and lonely. Can Momo confess her love to her classmate, Toji, or will her best friend Sae steal him away. It's a bittersweet drama of growing up and fitting in that will charm readers everywhere. At the very beginning of our journey we visit the gloomy estate Manderley from the well known Hitchcock classic REBECCA, before meeting the eccentric ADDAMS FAMILY in their dilapidated Viktorian Mansion. Subsequently, we get to know Ernest Menville, an undertaker, who shall help to renew the battered bodies of his immortal ex-wifes in DEATH BECOMES HER.  Our eerie tour then leads us to Disney's PHANTOM MANOR, the settlement of Cuesta Verde, in which a POLTERGEIST walks abroad, and the fabulous world of ALICE IN WONDERLAND. In the film set of PERFUME - THE STORY OF A MURDERER we will be bewitched by a perfect perfume and later on we find ourself in Paris, to reveal the enigmatic DA VINCI CODE. We then witness the curious transformation of BENJAMIN BUTTON, finally ending in the midst of THE OMEN, where the fallen angel casts a spell over us. In the second part of our concert we honor our these year's laureate for the MAX STEINER FILM MUSIC ACHIEVEMENT AWARD 2015, James Newton Howard. A man vows to win the heart of the woman he loves. A director narrates his script to a producer and the events in his story happen in real-life to the producer's nephew! In 1983, high school teacher Ji-hwan is attacked by a pickpocket. In 2015, homicide detective Gun-woo is shot during a chase and loses consciousness. Both men are taken to the same hospital in different time periods, and both their hearts stop and miraculously start again at the same time. A mysterious force binds them together, allowing them to see through each other's lives in their dreams. Soon realizing that the women they love strikingly resembles each other and that they are in fatal danger, the two men must team up to trace the past and change her destiny. Movie deals with the story of the mental conflicts of a Tibetan Buddhist priest. Sri Ram is a young village guy, who starts loving a girl Seetha mahalakshmi from young age. Sri Ram remains in the village, Seetha goes to the city for higher education and keeps coming to the village for holidays. Sri Ram and Seetha become good friends after a couple of positive incidents.  Sri Ram tries to impress her in many ways and tries to express his love throughout the first half of the movie. Seetha rejects his proposal when she gets to know that Ram loves her. The Second half is more of how Ram wins her love and impresses Seetha's Family with his determination and overcoming some challenges. A love-lorn script writer grows increasingly desperate in his quest to adapt the book 'The Orchid Thief'. Set in a university, the movie tells of the struggles, romances, joys and sorrows of four friends The melting love story between two old men, one of them is sick and stays in bed all day, the other is a gambler who takes care of him, visit him everyday and has a hard relationship with his daughter. Sometimes love is the only solution but we realize it when it's too late.  A pretty young girl falls for an enigmatic, shy man who sweeps her off her feet. She becomes pregnant but is not allowed to tell him. His advisers are adamant. Back home, they have set up a wedding with the daughter of an antagonistic family and marriage will put an end to the blood feud between them. A-Yan and Xiao-Yu are strangers, but they look just like twins. A-Yan is a country boy who comes to the big city for a better future. However, the girl whom he falls for cheats him out of the insurance payout he has got from his grandmother's illness. Xiao-Yu who owns a talent agency betrays his business partner. As a result of an attempted kidnap, their lives are entwined with each other. Tine wants to find her dream boyfriend, but can't find him that easily. Her male best friend enjoys his single life, until they feel attracted to each other. An elderly piano teacher who lost his wife 35 years ago has yet to go through the grieving process. Because he has not done this, it comes back to affect him in many ways. He finds himself on a road to self destruction that will lead him to the ultimate cost. His dark regret will bring him to the precipice. A geneticist clones his dead wife, over and over, in an attempt to get her back exactly as she was. A man who lost his taste and his blind wife; an almost deaf girl and her consumerist stepmother; an adult movie actor in love and his completely passionate woman; a sign language teacher and his dilemmas with dumb students. Characters full of love and full of inabilities to cope with their emotional side. Former high school friends run into each other years later and drunkenly decide to make good on their promise to marry each other if they're both still single by 30 - only to discover too late all the things they liked about each other when they were younger have changed. A famous actress has a nervous breakdown during a junket for a new franchise film. She asks a complete stranger (who mistakenly thinks he's rented her family's house) to pretend to be her boyfriend for the holidays and spend it with her eccentric family. WALK AWAY FROM LOVE is the story of Micah (Noree Victoria), a single attorney who hasn't been in a committed relationship in three years. After having her heart broken, Micah has no plans of falling in love again any time soon. But after an unexpected encounter with her ex (Robert Christopher Riley), Micah is forced to face her truths and make the biggest decision of her life. On July 27th, university student Aoi Hinata (Miwa) has an accident. When she wakes up, Aoi Hinata finds herself in a classroom from one week before the accident.  At that time, her childhood friend Riku Hasegawa (Kentaro Sakaguchi) tells her "I will tell you a secret. I can turn back time." Aoi Hinata and Riku Hasegawa like each other, but never expressed their feelings. They share their feelings for each other and go back to one year earlier. They spend their time happily as girlfriend and boyfriend, but there is a big secret behind the time slip. In addition, July 27 is approaching. Julia moves in with her fiance, David, but his ex-wife and her own haunting past join forces to rock her quiet suburban existence. The story centers around boys who live next door to each other and revolves around a love affair of one of the boys in his semi urban backdrop. In EVOL (love spelled backwards), the audience is voyeur, peering into the delirious and erotic dreams of a young man (Oursler). We drift with him through anecdotes that poke fun at the disparity between the culturally accepted stereotypes of sex and love we are taught as children and the realities we discover in adult life. A young Jehovah's Witness believes the ultimate punishment will be inflicted upon him for typical teenage activity. His life is rather grim until infatuation with a friend's older sister opens his eyes. A young farmer in rural Yorkshire numbs his daily frustrations with binge drinking and casual sex, until the arrival of a Romanian migrant worker. It's a love story between a fashion blogger and a video game blogger. The beauty and the nerd. What happens when the lives of two friends take an unexpected turn? A whole lot of confusion follows! Will they be able to get out of the mess? That forms the crux of the story. A hooded vigilante is broadcasting murders on a news channel. Will the police catch him alive before he live-casts another death? Rehaan and Shaina are newly married as Rehaan gets a job offer as a Venture Capitalist for the East European Finance Company they had actually fallen in love in Romania,Shaina insists Rehan to take up the job while Rehan is reluctant a she has a secret to hide in Romania,Shaina soon experiences paranormal activities but Rehan refuses to believe while on a business trip Rehan receives a frantic call from Shaina requesting for help as she is trapped in telephone booth in a rural area where she had gone to seek help on paranormal activities happening around her.Shaina and Rehaan take the help of a local Priest but he cant help them much,Aditya Shrivastava former lover of Shaina comes to rescue her from the evil spirit. A haunted theatre, filled with the vengeful spirits of a tragically-trapped performance troupe murdered in a fire 13 years ago, waits for the once-grand palatial playhouse to re-open with a new show - and bring in new victims. Alex Hirano, a famous pianist of Japanese descent, is often in a bad mood. He is grumpy thinking of his concert to be held in a week. Nothing could change his bad mood, even his own brother, Ray Hirano, members of the B-Boy group. One day, Ray invites Alex to meet the girl he loves, Mia Clark, a talented contemporary ballet dancer, where she teaches dance.  For Mia Clark dancing is her life. No one is able to change it despite her physical condition preventing it from reaching her goals. When she is desperate and wants to do something stupid, she inadvertently causes Alex Hirano's left hand broken. Mai (Rika Adachi) is a high school student. She attends a new school and there she meets her classmate Shino (Manami Enosawa). Shino was bullied by Mai's friends back in their middle school days. Table have now turned. The story is set in 1947, following a long-retired Holmes living in a Sussex village with his housekeeper and rising detective son. But then he finds himself haunted by an unsolved 50-year old case. Holmes' memory isn't what it used to be, so he only remembers fragments of the case: a confrontation with an angry husband, a secret bond with his beautiful but unstable wife. When ambitious reporter Allie Rusch is recruited by vindictive music manager Vivian Cartwright to play cupid to famous pop musicians Caleb Greene and Carson Peet in return for an exclusive story over Valentine's weekend, Allie soon realizes Caleb has his sights set on her. Now, torn between her big career move and her growing feelings for Caleb, Allie is left to question whether she can coerce Caleb into something his heart does not desire, or if she should fall in love and make him her very own Valentine. A classic college love triangle story. Ankitha is in love with her college mate Abhi but Abhi falls for her friend Shalini. Who will Abhi eventually choose? The film tells the story of Sodabuddi, who spends his life wastefully. He has two romantic encounters and the audience gets to relive these tales, until the climax throws in a complete surprise. Lee, a former Western film icon, is living a comfortable existence lending his golden voice to advertisements and smoking weed. After receiving a lifetime achievement award and unexpected news, Lee reexamines his past, while a chance meeting with a sardonic comic has him looking to the future. Director Franco Zeffirelli's beloved version of one of the most well-known love stories in the English language. Romeo Montague and Juliet Capulet fall in love against the wishes of their feuding families. Driven by their passion, the young lovers defy their destiny and elope, only to suffer the ultimate tragedy. November Rain is a Nepali language film directed by Dinesh Raut and produced by Aaryan Sigdel and Sunil Giri. The movie features unusual rain in November that brings change in life of Aayush (Aaryan Sigdel) and Sheetal (Namrata Shrestha). It was released in 2014 worldwide. 'Lucky' Wilson, a smooth, amoral front man working for New York gangster Tony Berolli, gets everything he wants, from the best tables at nightclubs to the most glamourous showgirls. When Berolli thinks that nightclub owner Cassell is complaining that business is bad to avoid giving Berolli his full take, Lucky goes to the club's laundry and proves that Cassell is lying by counting the number of napkins the club has washed. Lucky threatens him, and Cassell decides to go to the police. Lieutenant McFarley and Sergeant Brent, who have been after Lucky and Berolli, go to arrest Lucky; but he slips away from them and is wounded by Brent as he drives off. Chandu, a swindler, falls in love with Shalini and tries to impress her uncle. When he manages to do so, she tells him that in order to win her over, he must mend his ways. Gloria finds a power she never knew she had when she is drawn into a dangerous world of cross-border crime. Surviving will require all of her cunning, inventiveness, and strength. When Liang Xia's obsession for a perfect wedding puts a strain in the relationship with her fiance, he ultimately calls it quits and breaks up with her. In a heartbroken state, Liang Xia carelessly ingests a magical item, which transports the 28-year-old's mind back to when she was only seventeen years old. My Love Sinema is a touching, nostalgic love story filled with inspiration, courage, passion, resilience and heart. Set in 1950s Singapore, we relive the charming lifestyle of that era, and follow one man's never-ending pursuit of his passion in both cinema and love, sharing a fate that crosses generations. A young servant fleeing from his master takes refuge at a convent full of emotionally unstable nuns in the middle ages. A silent film directed by  Sidney Olcott An autistic girl discovers a talent for running when's she's sent away to a boarding school. The story deals with the ego between a jailor(cop) and the prisoner who is subjected to death. Arima Kousei won numerous piano competitions while under the strict watch of his mother. He was known as the human metronome during that time. Since the death of his mother, Kousei has been unable to hear the sound of his piano. He then meets Miyazono Kaori through childhood friend Sawabe Tsubaki. Kaori plays the violin and has a free sprit. Since meeting her, Kousei is able to face the piano again. Meanwhile, Kaori holds a secret. Yvette has dreamed of performing Romeo and Juliet since starting high school. Now, in her final year, the headmaster has decided to use the school's entire arts and culture budget to fund a T20 event. In a last ditch effort to put on the play, they ask the school's cricket hero, Marko Marais, to play the role of Romeo. An aspiring film director narrates a breath-taking story to his girlfriend in a coffee shop. An unknown message knocks the door the next day, asking him to write a love story. He sends his own love story, which impresses the stranger, but he asks for an action ending for killing a brutal villain. Hero sends a thrilling plot. This time the stranger sends a parcel with a gun to kill the real life brutal villain implying the same plot this time. Hero ends up knowing the cruel intentions of the villain and tries to escape from this trap. But he receives a message showing his girlfriend meeting a planned accident. That states a warning that there is no going back. Can a common man really attempt to kill a brutal villain for his loved ones? Who is the unknown stranger behind this? How will hero unfold the mysterious murder plan? just a quick trip down Subconsciousness Lane Gangjae's normal family life is turned upsdie down when he falls for a young yoga teacher. Gangjae has got it all, a loving wife, adorable children, and a high-paying position. But he yearns for something more. When the teacher breaks off the affair, marrying another man, Gangjae longs for her, ten years on. When his aspirations of becoming a champion monkey trainer came crashing down after a freak one wheel bicycle accident, this good humoured young man turned his dab hand to the entertainment industry and he has never looked back. Now an award winning, world class stand up comedian, Trevor Noah?s explosion onto the entertainment scene has been all encompassing, taking on television, radio and obviously his first love, stand up comedy, which he has performed on both local, as well as international stages. Being the astute performer that he is, our man has also very quickly became a favourite in the corporate world as a top class MC. With hobbies that include helping old people 'I have a passion for the aged' he was once quoted as saying, and dabbling in the odd bit of table tennis and darts, this is a man who is right at the cutting edge of modern entertainment. Adi is a perfect husband, father, friend, colleague, and son. He will comply with every wish and whim they all may have. No one listens to him, but he never complains. Until one fateful visit to a doctor that made his world fall completely apart. Mateo and Camila, a couple that allow each other being unfaithful with a unreachable someone chosen by each. A Aa E Ee is a 2006 Kannada film directed by N R Nanjunde Gowda and produced by Nagaraj. The film stars Ramesh Aravind and Prema in lead roles.Music was composed by V Manohar. Ooty is a 1999 Tamil film directed by Anwar. The film stars Murali, Roja, Ajay and Rajesh in lead roles. A competitive mother orders a clone to outshine her flawless friend, but soon realizes she purchased an unbeatable rival. Nwanne is a selfless and compassionate young lady who due to circumstances beyond her control finds finds herself in a coumminity where there is little or no development, Instead of dwelling in her past she decides to accept her fate by getting a job as a teacher in the community school where she helps and encourages the children in the school overcome there struggles. The film tells the tale of a widowed film director who is in the middle of making a film about an atypical diplomat inspired by his brother. While he has started a new life with Sylvia, he still mourns the death of a former lover, Carlotta, who passed away 20 years earlier; then Carlotta returns from the dead, causing Sylvia to run away. Fourteen years after they parted ways, a chance meeting sees Cinta reunite with Rangga while she and her girlfriends are on vacation in Yogyakarta. Alex Truelove is on a quest to lose his virginity, an event eagerly awaited by his patient girlfriend and cheered on with welcome advice by his rowdy friends. But Alex, a super gregarious dude, is oddly unmotivated. A magical house party throws Alex into the presence of Elliot, a hunky college guy, who pegs Alex as gay and flirts hard. Alex is taken aback but after a series of setbacks on the girlfriend front he takes the plunge and learns some interesting new facts about himself. Oka Manasu is a Telugu Romantic comedy film features Niharika Konidela and Naga Shourya in lead roles. This is the first feature film for Niharika Konidela. The film is written and directed by Rama Raju garu and Produced by Madhura Sreedhar Reddy garu. It is a pure ethnic love story between Surya and Sandhya. Ophelia comes of age as lady-in-waiting for Queen Gertrude, and her singular spirit captures Hamlet's affections. As lust and betrayal threaten the kingdom, Ophelia finds herself trapped between true love and controlling her own destiny. A Realistic Nepali movie about a boy who dreams to be rich. After being uprooted by his parents' separation and unable to fit into his new hometown, a teenager stumbles upon a magical app that causes his social media updates to come true. A dentist trainee going to Australia for his exam. He experience unexplained feelings. The story centers around the consequences leading as a result of the unexplained feelings. After living 23 years in France, psychiatrist Dr. Roy is called back to his village by Fr Francis, the man who raised him during his childhood. He has no idea why he was asked back, but when he returns he meets his childhood friend Dr Meera Menon who has become a pediatrician, but meeting her again brings him memories of their being in love years earlier. An orphan boy of mixed race finds family with the newly arrived white village doctor in Hawaii. The boy can run like the wind, and begins bringing Doc's medicine to coffee pickers throughout the mountainous region. On an errand, the medicine runner meets the daughter of the plantation owner and a forbidden, young love blossoms like the white "Kona Snow" of the surrounding coffee trees. A mini-presentation of consciousness dealing with cosmos. The world in a grain of sand. Connections between life, death, and the world are neither static nor symmetrical but flowing and intuitive. The movement of emulsion through which images are seen is like the mind trying to retrieve and put things together. C'est la vie is a positive muscular little thing A secret military project endangers Neo-Tokyo when it turns a biker gang member into a rampaging psychic psychopath that only two teenagers and a group of psychics can stop. Jaggu Dada's grandfather and father are underworld dons. The wish of his mother is to see him become a big villain. So, he goes to Mumbai to keep the promise made to his grandfather and also finds the girl of his dreams. Kako, a 16-year-old high school girl, goes to a mixer pretending to be 22. While there, she meets Kouta who at first has a very intimidating aura. But once he saves her from an awkward situation, she wants to know more about him as does he. That is until he finds out she isn't 22. The next day Kako runs into him again, but this time he's working as a police officer. Kako still wants to get closer to Kouta, but he isn't interested...or is he? Sam Maddox, a troubled girl whose father committed suicide, has earned a reputation at her high school for being a bit promiscuous. When Sam begins seeing brilliant, MIT-bound Henry Sinclair, the two opposites really attract. Although Sam doesn't realize it, Henry is in the grip of an insane romantic obsession, and he will kill anyone who tries to put an end to his star-crossed - and increasingly deadly - romance. The story of a young mother who loses her husband in Afghanistan and struggles to raise their young daughter in his absence. Yuvan (Sai Ronak) is an university student who looses his parents in an accident. He always dreams of a love marriage because his parents also had one. Yuvan befriends Sandy (Aditi Singh) and soon their friendship blossoms into love. Twist in the tale arisis when the young couple gets separated. A heartbroken Yuvan pens a book titled Tholi Prema as an ode to Sandy. After reading the book, a girl named Swara (Aishwarya) falls in love with Yuvan. Destiny has other plans as Sandy comes back into Yuvan's life. Rest of the story is as to whom Yuvan chooses and ends up with finally. Gugu, the walking wounded, rejects men long before they can get too close to rock her self-imposed exile from love. But to find bliss with the right guy, she must first realise that no man is created equal and that, in love, nice guys not only have staying power but can be just right too. The most turbulent five years in the life of a genius woman: Between 1905, where Marie Curie comes with Pierre Curie to Stockholm to be awarded the Nobel Prize for the discovery of the radioactivity, and 1911, where she receives her second Nobel Prize, after challenging France's male-dominated academic establishment both as a scientist and a woman. Pras wants to realize his dreams of having a significant life and career as a journalist, but Jakarta changes everything. With its sensitive portrayal of trans women employed in sex work, Hold Me Like Before captures an intelligent and intimate part of Costa Rica that is rarely portrayed on film. Veronica (luminous newcomer Jimena Franco) is driven by a need to help people. When a cab she is riding in hits street kid, Tato, she immediately brings him home and tends to his injuries. Veronica's roommate Greta thinks Tato is trouble but Veronica only sees someone in need of a hand. Drawing well-earned comparisons to Tangerine, Hold Me Like Before's minimalist plot is rife with emotion and longing, slowly and quietlyworking its way into your heart, where it will stay. Based on a comic by Kazuto Okada. Based on a comic by Kazuto Okada. Liverpool, 1978: What starts as a vibrant affair between a legendary femme-fatale, the eccentric Academy Award-winning actress Gloria Grahame, and her young lover, British actor Peter Turner, quickly grows into a deeper relationship, with Turner being the person Gloria turns to for comfort. Situated just above the awe-inspiring Ipanema beach in Rio is the Cantagalo slum. Every day, floods of Cantagalo residents make their way down the mountain, only to disappear into their surroundings as part of the invisible working-class that cleans apartments, works in restaurants, and sells food along the scenic, sun-drenched shores. Young De (Thiago Martins) is just such a man. De lives with his mother Bernadette (Cyria Coentro) in a cramped Cantagalo apartment, selling hot dogs on the beach in order to make the rent. His brother Beto was killed when De was just a young boy, and his adopted brother Carlao (Rocco Pitanga) has been jailed for a robbery that he didn't commit. One day, while working on the beach, De meets Nina (Vitoria Frate). Nina is the only child of a successful lawyer named Evandro (Paulo Cesar Grande), who's none to happy to discover that his daughter is dating a member of the lower class. How... Three stages in George's life, and three girls he encounters in each stage. Kannagi (Pooja) born in the Chola kingdom, one of the three kingdoms in South India around 1,500 years ago, is happily married to Kovalan (Uddika), a millionaire. Kovalan attends the crowning ceremony of the Chola dancing queen, Princess Madhavi (Aruni). Pleased with he performance the king wants Madhavi to indicate whom she would pick to become her husband from among the wealthy male guests present. She selects Kovalan. Spellbound by Madhavi's beauty and her dancing skills, Kovalan too likes Madhavi. The happy marriage crashes. Kovalan spends all his wealth on Madhavi. Broken-hearted, the weeping Kannagi bears up the agony. The suffering of a beautiful woman changes a lonely outsiders life forever. ATENTAMENTE is a film that, through the sensation of the time passing by and the presence of the death that wanders into a nursing home, allows us to feel the life through the illusion that love brings along. Libardo and Alba, a couple of elders who met each other at the nursing home where they live, they fall for, they become boyfriends and start to struggle in order to find fifty thousand pesos to rent a room for one night at a hotel so they can have a privacy moment, since at the nursing home where they live is not possible to have that. While struggling they must face each other, face their fears, their limitations, their pains, their time as well as their fragility so they can construct that moment in which they meet love. A struggle that seems to be easy, but for them is an odyssey against time, against their limitations and their own ghosts. Decio is a winning horse trainer who works at the Rio de Janeiro's Jockey Club, where Lena runs an indebted coffee shop that she inherited. Worried about her financial situation and having to take care of her younger brother who is in a wheelchair, Lena never smiles. In love, Decio must overcome his shyness to get close to her, especially with him being only 1.20m tall. He will do anything to get Lena's attention, including becoming a comedian, just so he can see Lena smile.  In writer-director Nick Whitfield's black indie comedy, a pair of "exorcists" (Ed Gaughan and Andrew Buckley) with the power to rid people of their secrets agree to help a woman (Paprika Steen) whose daughter (Tuppence Middleton) is mute -- and whose husband is missing. Jason Isaacs co-stars as the mysterious Colonel, who seems to be calling the shots from the sidelines of the duo's shadowy enterprise. A group of teens break into a blind man's home thinking they'll get away with the perfect crime. They're wrong. A young girl is playing on some waste ground when she finds a pencil with a face. Whatever she draws with the pencil becomes real. Just an ordinary day. Two middle-aged men, who are settled in the same city, try to put an end to their families' blood feud in their village. Meanwhile, their children, fall in love with each other and decide to get hitched. The film centers around the life of Taran, who loses her fiance Amar in a skiing accident. Her life changes when she meets Shekhar, who has seen the best and worst of times. The story explores old friendship, newfound love and a difficult decision. The story of five hikers who find meaning in their lives after the beautiful yet harsh surroundings force them to connect with one another.  Life for a single mom in Los Angeles takes an unexpected turn when she allows three young guys to move in with her. Smitten with unrequited love, a young man inadvertently gets involved in the kidnapping of his beloved, ruining her arranged marriage. Can things be set straight? Ex-lovers Anthony &amp; Durga, who are now happily settled in their respective married lives, have a chance meeting after a gap of eight years in Abu Dhabi, a meeting that ends up being a journey of self-discovery and new beginnings. Five thirty-something men in as many separate segments struggle to grapple with the relentless absurdity of their respective existences. Elio Perlman is spending the summer with his family at their vacation home in Lombardy, Italy. When his father hires a handsome doctoral student, the curious 17-year-old finds himself developing a growing attraction to the young man. After keeping a careful distance for many years, 25-year-old Gaspard must renew contact with his family when his father remarries. Accompanied by Laura, an eccentric young woman who agrees to pretend she's his girlfriend at the wedding, he finally feels ready to set foot in the zoo owned by his parents, where he is reunited with the monkeys and tigers he grew up with... But with a father who is an out-of-control womanizer, a brother who is far too sensible, and a sister who is far too beautiful, he unknowingly sets himself up to experience the last days of his childhood. A romcom with a time-travel twist. Daniel Duncombe is not a committer. When he's not working at a cafe or running to stay in shape, he's perfectly happy to chill at home. Then he starts waking up from weird dreams to find cryptic messages scrawled on his bedroom window. Slowly it dawns on Daniel that the same mysterious force is guiding him into contact with a strange assortment of equally unattached strangers who intrude on his routine.   The story of a woman who dreams to join an intervention group in the police department called RAID. Unfortunately, she is rather clumsy and both her family (and soon to be family-in-law) and a veteran of the RAID do not approve. However, Johanna is determined to prove them wrong. After a driver rescues a passenger from an abusive boyfriend, he discovers she is a human trafficking victim. But in order to free her, he must give up the thing he loves the most. Koroki is a 35-year old man who admires Japanese singer-songwriter Tamio Okuda and aspires to live like him. He works as an editor at the lifestyle magazine "Mare," where he meets Akari Amami, a mischievous fashion press writer, and falls in love with her at first sight. When a crisis threatens to destroy their high school, four teens hatch a daring plan to raise $10 million. Step one? Breaking into the U.S. Mint. When Sonoko enters a traditional Japanese arranged marriage with Amamiya facilitated by her parents the resulting union is loveless including the functional and goal-oriented sex. Michael and Robert, two gay men living in Brooklyn, spend their last day together before Robert leaves for Africa on work assignment. Michael still has feelings for his friend Nick, who has AIDS. There's this hot ice-hockey guy called Lauri Mantyvaara. Satu promises she'll do her best, so that her best friend Heidi will get him. You'd think that the picturesque Finnish Archipelago would be the perfect place to discover your first love (and get rid of your virginity), but it will not be easy, if a cynical protein-shake-slurping ice hockey team thinks the target of your desire should focus only on the European Championship, and the only places you can escape to are the pretentious summer wedding parties - or bitter divorce parties. Julie, a simpleton, follows through with her dream of becoming an actress and rises to stardom. However, she is soon introduced to the murky waters of the entertainment industry. She begins to compromise on her choices and seeks love from the men in her life. Just as she decides to change paths, she is offered a political biopic that further complicates her life. Jimmie is seeing his single friends get married one by one. He isn't too worried until his girlfriend Anne catches the bouquet at his friend Marco's wedding. Suddenly, his wild mustang days are numbered. He finally decides to propose to her, but he sticks his foot in his mouth and botches the proposal. Being insulted by the defeatist proposal, Anne leaves town on an assignment. After she's gone, he finds out that his recently-deceased grandfather's will stipulates that he gets nothing of a multi-million dollar fortune unless he's married by 6:05pm on his 30th birthday: tomorrow! Not being able to find Anne, Jimmie begins backtracking through his past girlfriends to find a wife. College friends Derek and Mark slowly realize they mean more to each other than either had initially imagined. In the days leading up to Valentine's Day, their friendship blossoms into something much more enduring as time goes on - which challenges both to question who they thought they were and who they truly want to be. After a bizarre one night stand leaves him infertile, a careless bachelor sets out to connect with the television presenter who, as the result of the anonymous sperm donation he once made, happens to be pregnant with his child. Frank Albertson's father wants his son to marry Lois January, but they really are only friends. Frank watches Lois doing a hooch dance at a secret tropical ritual, and he quickly changes his mind and falls for her fleshy charms. Chinggay, a jewelry shop manager, is one of the single women in their 30's who feels the pressure to find love. She goes out on dates with men but none of them seem to make the cut. You may blame her high standards but the pain from her previous relationship could also be affecting her judgment on men. Now, her love life is suffering a drought for seven years. Everything changes when suddenly, two men are interested to be with her. Ryan bought an engagement ring from Chinggay only to be rejected by his girlfriend. Chinggay helps Ryan to get back with his girlfriend but they end up losing the ring and becoming good friends. On the other hand, Chinggay's ex-boyfriend Frank is persistent to redeem himself and to prove that he deserves a second chance with Chinggay. Chinggay finds herself torn between two kinds of love. A woman is torn between trying to save her failing marriage or pursuing the possibility of a new love. Ely, a young man who can't get over Celine, his past love, meets Mia, a young woman who escaped from a painful past in the Philippines and is trying her luck to rebuild her life in Spain. They meet. They fall in love. But can they overcome the hurt of the past to have a future together? A naval officer reprimanded after Pearl Harbor is later promoted to rear admiral and gets a second chance to prove himself against the Japanese. This movie follows a live-in relationship, set in the backdrop of the IT Industry. Here, time plays a major factor, confining the aspect of love to the weekends.  Ganesh is a player with precession in matters involving women. He believes love lies below the belt and not within the heart. As destiny would have its way to prove the human mind wrong, he finds himself smitten by Sandhya. To get closer to her, he lands himself a job in the same office as hers with the sole motive of convincing her to live with him.  Cupid does his job and Ganesh charms Sandhya. The intertwining comedy of errors ends with Ganesh and Sandhya getting into a relationship for the weekends. But as the saying goes, a straight road gets boring. A few killer curves sprinkled with a couple of speed breakers make the journey worth remembering and leave the audience curious . Preetham is a confused youngster, whose is born to a wealthy family and lives the hipster life. He seeks constant change and adventure, even in his love life. When he finally meets a match in Nandini, does he really find a happily ever after? The adventure begins with the crash of a meteor in the outskirts of a desert city. The space-rock contains a chemical substance that affects the residents in peculiar ways. Two neighboring preteens fall in love, a nerd schoolgirl creates powerful energy with pressure cooker, a young boy takes his dad's cab out to make money and a schoolboy organizes for Hajj, when they are all exposed to the substance. As a result, their parents along with the whole neighborhood go wild in the ensuing events. Ironically, the kids and the adults switch places while trying to figure out a solution to this "otherworldly" problem! Romantic comedy, that is an adaption of a German novel Raised suckling poison arrows among the sparring Iga ninja factions, Mumon (Satoshi Ohno, of idol group Arashi) is a carefree 16th-century mercenary. When the ninja council makes a power play to defeat the young Nobukatsu Oda struggling to step into his father's warlord shoes as they expand rule across the country, Mumon jumps into the fray to satisfy his new bride Okuni's (Satomi Ishihara of Shin Godzilla, Attack on Titan) demand that he make good on his promises of wealth. Yet Mumon soon finds what is worth fighting for beyond money or nation. A longtime JAPAN CUTS favorite known for his offbeat dramas, Yoshihiro Nakamura (Fish Story, Golden Slumber) takes on the jidaigeki epic with his signature sense of play featuring a jazzy soundtrack and fantastical ninja tricks. -JAPAN CUTS: Festival of New Japanese Film Music video containing sixteen of the musical group's greatest hits. The separation of a long married couple goes awry when they fall for each other again. At the turn of the century on Prince Edward Island, Matthew Cuthbert and his sister Marilla decide to take on an orphan boy as help for their farm. But they get an unexpected jolt when they're mistakenly sent a girl instead: Anne Shirley. Anne's a dreamer with an unusual point of view, far removed from Marilla's pragmatic ways, and it's only on trial that Marilla agrees to keep Anne. Auguste Rodin (1840-1917), man of the people, autodidact and revolutionary sculptor - the most brilliant of his era. At 42, Rodin meets Camille Claudel, a young woman desperate to become his assistant. He quickly acknowledges her as his most able pupil, and treats her as an equal in matters of creation. Falling in love only lasts as long as a piece of string. When loser Marvin Mange is involved in a horrible car accident, he's brought back to life by a deranged scientist as half man and half animal. His newfound powers are awesome -- but their adverse side effects could take over his life. Now, Marvin must fight to control his crazy primal urges around his new squeeze, Rianna, and his rival, Sgt. Sisk, who both think he's one cool cat. Soo-yeon is a nameless artist who has passion and talent. It's her only dream and reason of life to hang her pictures in a gallery. However, unlike her expectations, the world doesn't recognize her talent and only forces unreasonable compromise. She continues everyday with resentment and pain from the world. Chang-min (Park Jae-jeong) has a special talent which allows him to feel a person's feelings; he feels her pain and pities her. He was born with a gift he didn't ask for and has experienced abandonment from his loved ones. He feels love for Soo-yeon and so does she. Meanwhile, Soo-hyeon is given a dangerous offer to compromise with authority if she wanted to see light as an artist. In early 1970s, the graphic designer Tuulikki Pietila had seen enough of stative visual art and purchased a film camera from Japan. She filmed the games and chores of the artist couple in their beloved hideout, the island of Klovharun. Bella is a part-time model who becomes famous after posing for the cover page of Reza`s latest magazine. At their first meeting, they fall in love at first sight with each other and eventually get married. However, their marriage life is definitely not a happy ever after, as they begin fighting and quarrelling almost every single day. Reza ends up asking his friend Adi to seduce Bella so that she will leave him. Renowned British dressmaker Reynolds Woodcock comes across Alma, a young, strong-willed woman, who soon becomes a fixture in his life as his muse and lover. True love never dies, the loving heart never stops beating ... for Kerstin's ex Thomas, who she still hopes will come back some day. Instead of Thomas, her mother Charlotte shows up at her door, mid-50s and freshly single again, too. Charlotte moves in with Kerstin and her flatmates, one of who shows her how to use a modern dating app to meet new men. As mom starts dating again, her daughter refuses to let digital reality intrude on her romantic daydreams. Retro-futuristic timetravel-mystery. Goa is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language romantic comedy film written and directed by Venkat Prabhu, who with the project. Starring Jai, Vaibhav and Premji Amaran in the lead roles along with Sneha, Piaa Bajpai and the debutant Australian model Melanie Marie in other roles, the film features music composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja. The film follows the journey of three young men, Ramarajan, Vinayagam and Saamikannu, who flee from their remote, conservative village to escape their overly strict families and travel to the international tourist-destination Goa, after encountering a friend who had fallen in love with a Caucasian girl whilst on holiday there. The film explores their time in Goa, the people they meet ranging from gay hoteliers to suave casino owners, and dwells on the relationships they encounter in the region. Noah spends the perfect first night with the girl of his dreams Avery but gets relegated to the friend zone. He spends the next three years wondering what went wrong - until he gets the unexpected chance to travel back in time and alter that night, and his fate, over and over again. Raja(Haider Khan) is a guy who has always remained a 'good friend' to most of the girls, that is if they have not already beaten him up! He has always been shy, never to open his heart out. Raja meets the girl of his dreams Anamika(Sada) in tube in Malaysia. She is a spoilt, arrogant daughter of a billionaire in Malaysia. As days pass, Raja gets more and more hooked on to her and expresses his feelings to her. This is when his life takes a different turn and he is left on the thresholds of life. Tera Intezaar (English: I'm waiting for you) is an upcoming 2017 Bollywood musical romantic film, directed by Raajeev Walia and produced by Aman Mehta and Bijal Mehta. A rock star general bent on winning the "impossible" war in Afghanistan takes us inside the complex machinery of modern war. Inspired by the true story of General Stanley McChrystal. Nora Danish headlines the film as the lead actress in "Bencinta", which is actually derived from the words "benci" and "cinta" in Malay, translated to hate and love, respectively. The film tells the story of a newly wedded couple whose relationship sours when Faizal, the rich husband, begins having affairs and turns abusive. Trapped in the destructive marriage due to conservative societal values, Fathia runs away to Langkawi and takes refuge with her best friend. Before they realise it, the two fall in love, but Fathia first has to deal with her husband. Little orphan Harry is separated from his childhood sweetheart. Years later, he finds she's a bearded lady in a circus. Two male best friends have their relationship tested when it turns out that one is in love with the other. An American tourist becomes enamored with a local artist on a passionate and life-changing journey across the magical Mediterranean islands of Malta.  Salam, an inexperienced young Palestinian man, becomes a writer on a popular soap opera after a chance meeting with an Israeli soldier. His creative career is on the rise - until the soldier and the show's financial backers disagree about how the show should end, and Salam is caught in the middle. Feet of Flames was created in 1998 by dancer Michael Flatley, made famous by the musical Riverdance. First created for Flatley's last show as the "Lord of the Dance", the show was a one-off performance in London's Hyde Park on July 25, 1998, playing to approximately 25,000 people. The show itself closely resembles its predecessor, Lord of the Dance. However Feet of Flames doubles the dancers, adds new numbers, and a new stage with multi-level tiers for the dancers. Amongst the new numbers is Flatley's solo -- "Feet of Flames", which the show is based around. The show introduced some of the key elements that are now featured when Flatley performs. His silver-heeled shoes made by Freed's of London were used for the first time in this show. TV screens on both sides of the stage were also installed and now used in all the shows that feature Flatley The film addresses a series of questions about the sexual problems of Iran's youth from puberty until marriage life. An improvised film; a man discovers he's emotionally stuck between his ex-girlfriend, his new girlfriend and his best friend; and in the course of a day he must follow his passion and become unstuck. In an attempt to free their jailed terrorist boss, Aslam, a group of terrorists plants a bomb on a flyover in Hyderabad. Their idea is to cause a traffic jam on the flyover and blackmail the government into releasing Aslam.  Krishna is an average young man who goes out to withdraw money from an ATM.  Unfortunately, he along with Nithya Menen and many others get caught in the traffic jam on the same flyover. What happens next? Watch to find out Right Right starts off with Ravi joining his duty as a bus conductor in a small village. Very quickly, he establishes a good rapport with the driver Seshu as well as the regular commuters. One fine day, when Seshu gets badly drunk during his duty, Ravi is forced to drive the bus back home. During the journey, Ravi hears a sudden sound in front of the bus and thinks he hit someone. He get's down to find a man under his bus, who is barely alive. It is the remake of Malayalam film Ordinary. Brent Sullivan is too cowardly to directly message a super-hot guy for nude pictures, so he creates a fake profile, Laura Hulskotter, to do it for him. Then, it backfires. Three high school students experience the perks and pitfalls of love in director Leste Chen's sensitive tale of friendship and yearning. A sophisticated suburban couple try to enliven their sterile marriage with erotic role-playing, but find their new games even more repressive than before. Both Scotland Yard and an amateur American sleuth are tracking a master criminal known as The Frog. This moniker refers to the bulging-eyed mask worn by the evildoer, and is reflected by the frog icons painfully tatooed onto the forearms of his henchmen. The trail leads to the country manor of an enigmatic, steely-eyed nabob, whose repressed son has eyes for the artistes at the Lolita cabaret, and whose lovely daughter captures the fancy of both the American playboy and the villain himself. Murder, kidnapping and seduction ensue. Two sisters find their already strained relationship challenged as a mysterious new planet threatens to collide with Earth. Cholai is a black comedy based on the 2011 hooch fatalities in Bengal, India. Country liquor, commonly known as 'Cholai' is a flourishing business in rural Bengal It is cheap and highly addictive. A sudden turn of events is triggered when a batch of Cholai gets toxic during the brewing process. Soon people who had consumed the Cholai start falling ill and the death toll rises to 172. Media turns the incident into a political drama. To pacify the outrage, the Government launches compensation for the family members of the victims. A gold-rush ensues following the announcement, everyone wants their share. Deaths due to other causes could be become 'entitled' for compensation if the right palms are greased with their share. The mourning soon transforms into greed and corruption. A surreal sci-fi romance wherein a beautiful young woman and strange metaphysical forces threaten the reality of a reclusive video arcade technician, resulting in bizarre biomechanical mutations and a shocking self-realization. One by one, a flock of small birds perches on a telephone wire. Sitting close together has problems enough, and then comes along a large dopey bird that tries to join them. The birds of a feather can't help but make fun of him - and their clique mentality proves embarrassing in the end. A razor sharp comedy all about relationships and red tape. Kreso is at a loose end. A fully qualified biologist, he's about to hit middle age, disillusioned, out of work and stuck in a marriage that should probably never have started. At least his son still looks up to him. Meanwhile, the country's cash-strapped government is busily looking for unique ways to save money, and now, over 20 years after the 1990's war, sets its sights on the widows of fallen soldiers. Anyone unmarried but in a new relationship will no longer be allowed a military pension. Enforcing such an unpopular measure requires a new department: The Ministry of Love, whose purpose will be to gather information on any widows breaking the new law. With nothing to lose, Kreso agrees to be put forward by his pushy father in law. The only problem is, together with his eccentric partner, Sikic, he's completely the wrong man for the job. Gina, an American flight attendant, falls in with a Parisian bartender on a layover only to find herself tangled in a web of deception, delusion and unrequited amour fou. Dora, raises her two children with the help of her eccentric family, free-spirited best friend, and a charming poet-turned- nanny. After murdering a man, the murderer and a friend set out to find the body and dispose of it. While at the same time Melissa, a mysterious young woman, sets out to discover herself and her boyfriend's past. Every school day, African-American teenagers William Gates and Arthur Agee travel 90 minutes each way from inner-city Chicago to St. Joseph High School in Westchester, Illinois, a predominately white suburban school well-known for the excellence of its basketball program. Gates and Agee dream of NBA stardom, and with the support of their close-knit families, they battle the social and physical obstacles that stand in their way. This acclaimed documentary was shot over the course of five years. Mostly shot in San Francisco and Northern California, material filmed (using the camera almost as a p[r/a]inter, a means of shaping the visual world as film, but without reflection) in response to what that world was opening in me. "Material!" - analogies between weaving and spinning thread and images already a pattern within film history (e.g., in Deren) is here carried into further ramifications of unraveling and patterning in fabric- and cinema-making, as well as in personal and mythic dimensions. The open unfolding structure, which pulls away from the balanced design of much of my work, gives equal weight to the sound composition. Involves "opening" with its perils and ambiguities. Mercy lives a double life. In one she is dating a sexual and loving college student named Jesse. In the other she is living by her family's religious standards. As her two world's begin to collide she must find her identity in both. Documentary of a 154-person bus and truck tour that set out to spread the gospel of flower power to the hinterlands of the U.S. A waitress at the Warner Brothers commissary is anxious to break into pictures. She thinks her big break may have arrived when actors Jack Carson and Dennis Morgan agree to help her. An infatuated debutante renews a Shakespearean actor's running feud with his leading lady. This film, based on the web series, features nine vignettes in the lives of LGBT people as they date and hook up in Los Angeles. A secret love affair between a southern Baptist preacher and a young drifter challenges the equilibrium of a growing church. Director Franco Zeffirelli's beloved version of one of the most well-known love stories in the English language. Romeo Montague and Juliet Capulet fall in love against the wishes of their feuding families. Driven by their passion, the young lovers defy their destiny and elope, only to suffer the ultimate tragedy. Aditya falls for Priya, his junior in college and the soon get into a relationship. Then a series of fights follow and an eventual break up. Will they patch up? Or has the distance between them grown too much? Ray meets Helen during a random collision of altered fates. They are strangers, over sixty, lonely, luckless. He hit rock bottom in the big city, she on a small farm. It's a struggle not to give up or in. But then separately and without warning, each becomes overwhelmed by unrelated and extraordinary events. 20 years after running away together, Julio and Noeli have raised a family and run a successful business together. However, their marriage seems to be failing, so Noeli files for divorce. Both will do whatever it takes to win their legal battle. Kat Abernathy must live up to her family name by attending law school and working for her family practice, until she is challenged to create a second identity for herself in order to pursue, defend and protect her passion as a painter. A contemporary, ensemble drama telling the complex tale of six high school students whose lives are interwoven with situations that so many of today's youth are faced with. The story takes place during a normal school day. At precisely 2:37 a tragedy will occur, affecting the lives of a group of students and their teachers. As the story unfolds, the individual stories of the six teenagers are revealed, each with its own explosive significance. An unwanted pregnancy unravels a terrible, dark secret; all is not as it appears for the seemingly confident school football hero; an outcast must deal with everyday taunts from his peers; a beautiful young girl battles an eating disorder; a stellar student constantly struggles to win his parents' approval; while another uses drugs to escape from his own demons. Jack Shepard is an out-of-shape auto shop owner, far removed from the man who once protected the world's freedom. Reluctantly called back into action by the government, Jack is tasked with turning a ragtag group of kids with special powers into a new generation of superheroes to save the world from certain destruction. Zack Mayo is an aloof, taciturn man who aspires to be a navy pilot. Once he arrives at training camp for his 13-week officer's course, Mayo runs afoul of abrasive, no-nonsense drill Sergeant Emil Foley. Mayo is an excellent cadet, but a little cold around the heart, so Foley rides him mercilessly, sensing that the young man would be prime officer material if he weren't so self-involved. Zack's affair with a working girl is likewise compromised by his unwillingness to give of himself. Eliska's husband has left her for a younger woman. She is childless, in her early forties, yet still attractive. Till then she had taken care of her successful husband, but now she has to start anew without his financial support. Eliska starts teaching at a local village school. Since she can't find a lodging, she moves to a former morgue. The small house is already occupied by a quirky and grumpy graveyard keeper named Bozicek. Their house sharing leads to a series of comical conflicts, but they eventually fall in love and Eliska proves to her ex-husband that she is able to stand on her own. Ukrainian sculptor who is taking wife's death hard acquires the hope to begin a new life after appearance of Iraqi refugee. He desires to fall in love not taking into consideration the rival of young soldier. A fly-on-the-wall documentary film crew follow Alex, a hopelessly romantic, rom-com obsessed virgin on a quest to find love. Alex quickly finds himself out of his depth when Lana, a Moldovan mail-order bride he met online makes the bold decision of moving to London to marry him. A love for a cousin, deeply engraved in childhood. Twelve years later, a stopped heart begins to beat again. This love story between a Hindu boy, Rahul Sharma (Rahul Romy Sharma) and Muslim girl, Ghazal Siddiqui (Ambalika Sarkar) invokes the 'Laila-Majnu' track to drive home it's legendary leanings. Unfortunately there's really nothing much to recommend here save for a few lines of stinging thought-provoking dialogue. A day in the life of two film-school students trying to find love and another house-mate. When Scotland Yard finds themselves up against a brick wall in tracking down a vicious gang of thieves and bank robbers, they call in Layton, a loner from MI5 to work his way into the gang and help bring them down. Raj Kandukuri and BiG Ben Films in association with Vinoothna Geetha presents #Pellichoopulu, a Telugu romantic comedy about two individuals Prashanth and Chitra who meet at a 'Pellichoopulu'.  The story is about a modern day couple anchored down by their traditional roots. When fate plays havoc in their lives, they set off on a journey to find their dreams, face their fears and ultimately find true love.  Directed by Tharun Bhascker of Anukokunda and Sainma fame, the film stars Vijay Deverakonda and Ritu Varma. Set in a chic and middle class Johannesburg, a jaded academic and his journalist wife have their lives turned upside down when a celebrated and hedonistic older writer unexpectedly moves into their home. After her car breaks down on a rainy night, Miss Liang enters a nearby coffee shop called Cafe 6. The owner of the shop finds out that Miss Liang has just gotten into a fight with her boyfriend who is currently overseas, so to kill time, he shares a story of his time back in 1996. During that year, Guan Min-lu and his good friend Xiao Bo-zhi always hang out together. Min-lu is secretly in love with Li Xin-rui while Bo-zhi is attracted to Xin-rui's best friend, Cai Xin-yi. The four young teenagers share a good relationship with each other and spend their days happily every day. But as their graduation day draws near, they wonder if they can still stay committed with each other after going their separate ways. During her wedding ceremony, Rachel notices Luce in the audience and feels instantly drawn to her. The two women become close friends, and when Rachel learns that Luce is a lesbian, she realizes that despite her happy marriage to Heck, she is falling for Luce. As she questions her sexual orientation, Rachel must decide between her stable relationship with Heck and her exhilarating new romance with Luce. Demanding careers. Family pressure. Exes. Finally, an honest portrayal of the highs and lows of modern romance in this story about the ones we can't stay with...but can't seem to let go. A lesbian bachelorette weekend goes awry when one of the brides admits she's never had an orgasm. Two lovers escape into the woods after committing a crime Summer is a typical girl raised by a firefighter father which inspired her to follow his footsteps. She then meets Rael by chance a couple of times. Rael realizes he actually likes Summer but proving this to her is much more difficult and challenging.  Three couples meet in the middle of Carnival, trying to get together in the midst of various conflicts that have the biggest party in Brazil as a scenario - and often as a cause. The movie centers on a piano competition whose winner is assured of success. It is Paul's last chance to compete, but newcomer Heidi may be a better pianist. Can romance be far away? Will she take a dive despite the pressure to win from her teacher, Greta, or will she condemn Paul to obscurity? Two girls are being locked up on a balcony on a hot day, while a group of boys is waiting for them at a fair. When their messages become more and more searing, the balcony changes into a save space that the girls Eddie Murphy: One Night Only will pay homage to Murphy's journey from a 15-year-old aspiring comedian, to the record-breaking Raw, which remains the highest grossing stand-up film of all time, to his indelible characters and impressions from Saturday Night Live including Buckwheat, Gumby, Mr. Robinson and James Brown. Written by Spike TV A foster family in South Central a few weeks before the city erupts in violence following the verdict of the Rodney King trial in 1992. With the impending ice age almost upon them, a mismatched trio of prehistoric critters - Manny the woolly mammoth, Diego the saber-toothed tiger and Sid the giant sloth - find an orphaned infant and decide to return it to its human parents. Along the way, the unlikely allies become friends but, when enemies attack, their quest takes on far nobler aims. Based on the manga series "Mars" by Fuyumi Soryo (published from February, 1996 to December, 2000 in Japanese shojo manga magazine Bessatsu Friend). This American exploitation film tackling the subject of sibling incest and starring a sex film cast was not well distributed here in the U.S. and instead did most of its business overseas. It was popular enough in France to be re-released after its initial run and had to be cut by 3 1/2 minutes in Australia to secure an R rating to remove 'indecency.' To date, the film has yet to receive a home video release. The story revolves around a rural boy called Amru who is a day dreamer. He starts dreaming of a girl (Jazz Sodhi) who suddenly appears in real and tells him that they both are already married The movie centers around a young hipster girl who loves to party. One day, she has to deal with taking care of naughty niece that she has never met before and on top of it all, she is trying to sort out her past love that could somehow affect her future. Three petty thieves who the police believe to be major criminals are chased into a basement bar where they take five hostages including all the bar employees. The rest of the movie deals with the cops lurking outside the bar while the trio try to get hold of the situation inside. When theater director Naoko (Saori) holds auditions for the first production of her newly established all-female theater troupe, she is mesmerized by Haru (Arisa Nakamura), who barges into the old garage where they rehearse. Naoko chooses Haru to be the lead as she leverages her power as director to pursue the romantic connection that fuels her voracious creativity. However, as opening night approaches, jealous entanglements threaten the artistic and ideological aims of the project, as well as the relationship with Haru pulling Naoko from her womanizing ways. Based on her own semi-autobiographical novel Kokan, cult theater director and actress Junko Emoto makes her directorial debut in this playful drama relishing the toil and passion of a struggling creative life on and off stage. -JAPAN CUTS: Festival of New Japanese Film Episodic journey of an Italian journalist scouring Rome in search of love. A man's affair with his family's housemaid leads to a dark consequences. Eun-yi is hired as an au pair for Hae-ra (pregnant with twins) and her rich husband Hoon. Eun-yi's primary task is watching the couple's young daughter, Nami. Eun-yi is eager to connect to Nami, who gradually warms to her. Hoon begins to secretly flirt with Eun-yi, enticing her with glasses of wine and his piano playing, and they eventually begin a sexual relationship. Despite the affair, Eun-yi is still warm and friendly to Hoon's oblivious wife, Hae-ra. She even expresses enthusiasm and delight at the progress of Hae-ra's pregnancy. When their plane is rerouted due to a hurricane warning, two single female best friends find themselves competing for the same guy during an extended layover in St. Louis. When Marie St. Clair believes she has been jilted by her artist fiance Jean, she decides to leave for Paris on her own. After spending a year in the city as a mistress of the wealthy Pierre Revel, she is reunited with Jean by chance. This leaves her with the choice between a glamorous life in Paris, and the true love she left behind. On a crossroad between forgiveness and revenge, the audience are asked to make a decision. Through LEE Su-A's life, we wanted to portray the harshness of reality. What choice will the love-lost LEE Su-A make, stuck between despair and hope? Condemned with unfortunate events.. her saving grace is love. People and love. When washed-out, has-been actor Francisco, finds out that his ex-wife is about to remarry and take their daughter to live abroad, he'll manipulate everyone around him to stop the wedding and get his family back. Anca (Ikram Noer), a Bugis-Makassar guy, just back from overseas. Accidentally he is reunited with her former lover Risna (Nur Fadillah). The seeds of love resurfaced. Hoping not to lose Risna for the second time, Anca intends to marry Risna.  But his intention is blocked by the marriage customary terms: Uang Panai or dowry in fantastic quantities. Anca's struggle begins. He is assisted by his friends Tumming and Abu, who often gave hilarious and absurd ideas.  In the midst of Anca's struggle to collect the dowry, comes Farhan (Cahya Ary Nagara), Risna's old friend who has just returned from abroad. Farhan's father who is also Risna's father best friend, is intending to match Farhan and Risna. Anca depressed. He takes more longer time to gather the dowry. Risna worries whether Anca will leave her as before. Risna's family does not want to stall off any longer. While looking for new tenants for his seaside villa, surrounded by a big garden, Andrea Ricoli, a 50-years old architect, meets Rossana, a newly 40-years old, anaesthesiologist at the local hospital, and married to Riccardo, ten years younger than her: he's an aspiring writer, temporarily employed as a salesman at a local shoe store. During an eventful New Year's Eve, Andrea introduces Riccardo to a Maghreb restaurant owner - who is interested in restoring an attic apartment - and his lovely sister Hikma. Months go by. Andrea discovers that Hikma is pregnant with Riccardo's child, while she's struggling with her old-fashioned, fundamentalist brother's mentality. He offers to help the couple and let them stay with him in his villa. Teaching him how to care for his garden, the young Hikma reminds Andrea of his wife Sofia, who passed away right there four years earlier, in unclear circumstances... Farocki's intriguing and troubling film explores the processes of visual perception and how they affect our understanding of history and society. In a work reminiscent of the writings of Paul Virilio and Michel Foucault, Farocki examines a range of phenomena including aerial reconnaissance photos of the Auschwitz concentration camp. Pawlak and Kargul - neighbors, frenemies, and grandfathers to Ania- both receive invitation to America from Pawlak's brother- John. All three of them travel to Chicago, where they discover John has passed away, and they arrived just in time for his funeral. But first- they need to find his illegitimate daughter. Set in late 70's story of two, charming, Polish villagers' adventures in Chicago is a third installment of Pawlak and Kargul adventures. Three couples from Chicago vacation for a weekend at a lakeside cabin in Michigan. Over the course of three days in this comedy/drama, hidden tensions and secrets slowly come to the surface. Nino is a quiet outcast with only a bird for a friend. Kira is a popular boy with a big secret. Even though they live next to each other, they have never spoken. But when Nino learns Kira's secret, everything begins to change, and what starts as a hesitant friendship grows into something more... but how long can it last? Storyline about a young visioner from Indonesia: Rudy Habibie, before he would known as technocrat and 3rd president of Indonesia: BJ Habibie. I Love That Crazy Little Thing is a 2016 Chinese romantic comedy film directed by Snow Zou and starring William Chan, Tang Yixin and Jessica Jung.[2] It was released in China by EMP Distribution (Beijing) and Wanda Shengshi Film Distribution on August 12, 2016 One afternoon, Shiori, a very sexually active young woman working in a cafe, is riding her bicycle and cuts off Kosuke, who is pulling a two-wheeled cart. Once a recognized playwright, Kosuke now lives a quiet life in a mountain hut, far away from the city, in the hope of escaping his past. But after their first encounter, he will soon be caught in Shiori's web of sexual desires... During spring, 2nd year university student Izumi Kudo (Kasumi Arimura) receives a phone call from Takashi Hayama (Jun Matsumoto). Takashi Hayama was her adviser/teacher at her high school drama club. He asks her on the phone to take part in a graduation performance. Back in high school, Takashi Hayama helped her cope with her difficulties school life. She also held feelings for Takeshi, but tried to forget about him. Now, for the first time in a year they will meet again. Izumi still has feelings for him and Takashi also has mixed feelings for Izumi. The classic role-playing game comes to life in this magical adventure. The empire of Izmer is a divided land: Elite magicians called Mages rule while lowly commoners are powerless. When Empress Savina (Thora Birch) vows to bring equality and prosperity to her land, the evil Mage Profion (Jeremy Irons) plots to depose her. But this good-vs.-evil battle is no game! Matias and Jeronimo know each other since childhood. Their friendship takes a new turn during the holiday before starting high school when they both experience their sexual awakening. When Queenie, the Faraday family's grandmother and oppressive matriarch, is finally laid to rest, no one could foresee the horrifying extent of her evil influence, which continues even beyond death. This sensational true story of a near fatal attraction left Mary Jo Buttafuoco paralyzed for life and made Amy Fisher America's most infamous teenager. Imprisoned 5-15 years for a crime she confessed to Fisher has nothing to lose by telling how it was-her way, her story. Deception, Promiscuous Sex, and Violence Emma is an unemployed housewife, whose children have grown up and moved out. When she finds out that her husband is looking for his sexual awaking, doing this by having an affair with another woman, Emma takes over a neon-lit sex-shop that she turns into an erotic boutique for women. This journey leads her into an adventure with a group of other women who are all looking for their own sexual awaking.  When 17-year-old Lennon Lacy is found hanging from a swing set in rural North Carolina in 2014, his mother's search for justice and reconciliation begins while the trauma of more than a century of lynching African Americans bleeds into the present. A girl install an app called a.i on her phone and a mans voice talks to her ... Love is blooming at Sakuragaoka High School. Natsuki Enomoto has finally mustered the courage to confess to her childhood friend, Yuu Setoguchi. However, in the final moments of her confession, an embarrassed Natsuki passes it off as a "practice confession." Oblivious to her true feelings and struggling with his own, Yuu promises to support Natsuki in her quest for love. While Natsuki deals with her failed confession, fellow classmate Koyuki Ayase struggles with his own feelings for Natsuki. Despite his timidness, he is determined to win over her heart. Two youngsters miss their train and attempt to catch it from intermediate stations. In the process, they fall in love with each other. Ryoko Matsumura is a popular writer in her 50's. She also knows that she has Alzheimer's. Ryoko Matsumura begins to teach at a university. She meets a young Korean man in his 20's. They become attracted to each other. After the events in the previous film, Secret Service agent Mike Banning finds himself framed for an assassination attempt on the President. Pursued by his own agency and the FBI, Banning races to clear his name and uncover the real terrorist threat which has set its sights on Air Force One. One Night More is a story of inner-city romance set in modern day London and how two people can meet and change each others lives to make them think differently about themselves and how change is an inevitable thing and also a constant. We explore the complex, albeit brief, relationship between Rose, an aspiring photographer, who meets Khrisna - a dancer. The film gives an unique, negative and perhaps melancholy perspective on love and attraction and how people at the end of the day just might not be attracted to one another, and must simply learn how to move on to the next thing, whatever that might entail. The story isn't trying to say anything big or new in regards to romance other than subverting 'the teenage ideal' of being in a relationship which sees no lasting potential just for the sake of fitting in. Desperate for a good story, a sex-addicted journalist throws himself into the world of high-class escorts when he starts following a Stanford-educated prostitute. A director whose life crumbled when Cello, his Hollywood starlet girlfriend, killed herself, becomes obsessed with a robot designed to replicate her after he's offered the chance to direct the film of Cello's life. A determined teenage boy struggles to find acceptance within the Jr. Lifeguards of Hermosa Beach while juggling relationships and challenges in the summer of 1986. When one of her hits goes wrong, a professional assassin ends up with a suitcase full of a million dollars belonging to a mob boss ... Lagna Pahave Karun (LPK) is a Marathi Feature film that talks about Love, Relationships and Marriage as an institution. Kismath (English: Destiny) is a 2016 Indian Malayalam romantic drama film written and directed by debutante Shanavas K Bavakkutty. It stars Shane Nigam and Shruty Menon as two star-crossed lovers from different religious backgrounds. It is produced by Shailaja Manikandan under the banner of Pattam Cinema Company, and in association with LJ FIlms and Akbar Travels.  The film narrates the real-life story of a Ponnani couple - a 28-year-old scheduled caste woman and a 23-year-old Muslim man - who faced backlash from society for their relationship in 2011.  Romance is in the air as the lives of Fighter Pilot Varun & Medical Doctor Leela collide amidst the scenic beauty of Kashmir. While Leela yearns for Varun's affection in the delicate of ways, Varun's idea of love is all give-give, not give-take. Just as the avalanche of built-up emotions sets rolling, Varun becomes a PoW post the Kargil episode. Do their paths cross later? An alien creature stalks human prey. Adi (Sumanth Ashwin) and Avi (Rehana) are studying at the same college. Adi is a love guru and advises boys not to express their love for girls until they reveal their true feelings. Avi decides to make Adi fall in love with her. Meeting by chance when they return to their tiny California hometown, two former high-school sweethearts reflect on their shared past. During a hot and hazy summertime in northern Ontario, 13-year-old Bea wants a best friend more than anything else, but when she meets boisterous Kate, she gets more than she imagined. A story of bravery, small-town summer love, and the secret world of girls. A story about two people who met and fell in love. Nino, a sales agent who's bent on attaining stability and Anj, a self-taught cook who dreams of working in a high-end restaurant someday. Suki Demo Nai Kuseni is a Japanese romantic drama.This sensual drama follows a young woman in a love triangle with two young men. Giulia's is a poised world, made of rigour and sacred texts, which fiercely excludes those who do not belong to it. Libero's world is the world of all the others, of those who make mistakes, who fend for themselves looking for another chance and who love unconditionally. When Giulia meets Libero, she realizes she can have another destiny, one she will have to choose and build. Two strangers have an intense casual encounter but later, both will realize that what has emerged is superior to pure physics, understanding that human relationships are more complex than a simple exchange of caresses.  An arrogant millionaire falls in love with a girl who suffers from dementia. A pair of college classmates try to out-rank each other in school. A remake of the 2011 Telugu film '100% Love'. Agnese and Stefano are profoundly different. She is only seventeen, lives with her mother - a harsh and devoted woman - is a regular church-goer and is about to take a vow of chastity to last until marriage. He is twenty-five, has a violent temper and a difficult past behind. He works as a warden in a car park that borders a Roma camp. Their unexpected meeting engenders a true sentiment, made of little stolen moments and mutual help. Shirin, a singer mysteriously disappears. Abhay looks for Shirin and tries to solve this mysterious incident.  Rajputana, India, 13th century. The tyrannical usurper Alauddin Khilji, sultan of Delhi, becomes obsessed with Queen Padmavati, wife of King Ratan Singh of Mewar, and goes to great lengths to satisfy his greed for her. After Scott has a fight with his father and runs away and when his father refuses to go after him. His mother, Collette, then goes to one of her former boyfriends, Jack, a lawyer, and tells him that he's her son's real father. Jack initially refuses. So she goes to another boyfriend, Dale, who goes off looking for Scott. Eventually the two men meet and realize that they are looking for the same boy and that Collette told them they are the boy's father. What follows is a mad chase, cause the boy doesn't want to go back. Live theatre presentation of Shakespeare's classic play about two teenagers from warring families whose love affair ends in tragedy. A harmless game of "Truth or Dare" among friends turns deadly when someone--or something--begins to punish those who tell a lie--or refuse the dare. An unconventional thinker helps a budding cinematographer gain a new perspective on life. A creative and talented young man (Wilbur Hunter -played by James Maslow) is torn between his passion for painting and his promise to his father to oneday take over the family business. With his family, his friends, and a newfound love, Wilbur must decide whether to follow his heart or do what's expected of him. A dark and sensuous film from a landfill in Ghana, where electronic waste from the West is being recycled. An unforgettable experience, told by the workers themselves. When 10-year-old Park works up the nerve to give the girl across the street a love note, she faces the judgment of those closest to her. Park has to decide if she will remain true to herself or become what others expect her to be. Gigi and Marlene, two single women both in their late 20's, work at a bio-technology company, researching and developing medicine to suppress specific genes and observe their effects on the human body. Gigi is born with the "clean-freak" gene and her obsession with keeping things tidy causes problems in her relationships. Marlene, on the other hand, is born with the "fat gene" and needs to regularly take pills to maintain her weight. Marlene panics when she learns that her "anti-fat" pills will be taken off the market. Their personal problems coincide with romantic ones. Marlene grows frustrated maintaining her long-distance relationships via the Internet, and Gigi leaves her boyfriend when she discovers he's cheating on her. Summer 1943, Piedmont, Italy. Milton loves Fulvia who plays with his love: she only likes the depth of his thought and the letters he writes to her. One year later, Milton has joined the Resistance and fights beside other partisans. He learns during a conversation that Fulvia was secretly in love with his best friend Giorgio, a partisan like him. Milton decides to go find Giorgio in the Langhe region of Italy with all its misty hills...But Giorgio has just been arrested by the Fascists. Sirish belongs to a well to do family which is headed by Prakash Raj. Things in his family get disturbed when Srirish's brother loves and marries a middle class girl against his father's will. In this crunch situation, Sirish falls in love with a yet another middle class girl called Anu(Lavanya) and reveals about this to his father. An upset Prakash Raj, gives him a piece of his advice and asks him to back off from the relationship. An adamant Sirish, challenges his father that he will win his love by not using his family name. In this process, he woos Anu and right when the time things start getting positive, Anu's father arranges her marriage with some one else.Rest of the story is as to how Sirish manages to convince both Anu's parents and his and finally comes out victorious. A slick serial seducer bets his friends that he can bed three old flames in six weeks, in this risque comedy from the director of the smash hit Wives on Strike. Shawn Yue and Miriam Yeung reprise their popular roles as a star-crossed couple who strive to stay together happily ever after, only to find their already precarious relationship further strained, when Jimmy's childhood friend asks him to donate sperm, and Cherie is troubled by the re-marriage of her father. A criminal group wants to stop a courier that has damning evidence against them from reaching the hands of an activist, but they underestimate the young man who has to deliver the package  Six LA Love Stories The story of a Pakhtun girl who returns from Canada to attend her cousin's wedding in Swat, Pakistan and falls in love. The film will follow Princess Songhwa, who refuses her fate to marry one of four suitors. While Seo Do-yoon, skilled at interpreting marital harmony signs is selected as the person to ascertain her best match. Young-ju's wedding is cancelled when it is revealed that her mother was a prostitute for American soldiers. Young-ju, pregnant by her fiance, gives birth to a child, but her ex demands that she give up custody to him as she has no future. The moving story of a lonely, isolated woman with a heart condition whose life is transformed by a service dog, and what happens when she has to let go of the loyal companion who changed her life. Raisa's (Raisa Andriana) accidental meeting with her idol, Sora (Maruli Tampubolon), a talented pianist, grows to dating. But, the relationships is disturbed when he gets the scholarship to continue his musical studies at Juilliard School of Music, New York. They parts. Promises pronounced, that after finishing the study, Sora will make an album of music for Raisa.  Two years later, with the same clothes when accompanying Sora to the airport, Raisa picks up her lover. The plane from New York lands according to schedule, but Sora is not in that flight. Jasmine, Sora's mother, said he lost during the hurricane Sandy swept New York. Sara falls in love with everything that moves with a pulse. She gives her heart to guys on toll too quickly. She is a hopeless romantic who believes that every new guy is "the right one". It only results in her being heartbroken every time. Eventually, her friends take her out into the archipelago on a summer camp. There she gets to work in the kitchen where she meets Lisbet and another new love, the janitor's son. Sara's time on at the camp makes her stronger and happier. It all seems to go well until the new owner of the facility comes and will fire everyone and rebuild it to a rich man's resort. It all gets worse when an ex boyfriend of the worst kind is the son of new owner. After Louie explores the contradictions of modern gay life and history through Sam, a man desperate to understand how he and his community got to where they are today The daughter of a man on death row falls in love with a woman on the opposing side of her family's political cause. When Steve's secret marriage of convenience is discovered by his family, he finds himself at the centre of the world's most farcical wedding, the only problem is, he is in love with somebody else. Eva and Kat enjoy a carefree existence on their houseboat on a London canal. Until Eva's dream of becoming a mother is reignited by the death of their pet. Kat just wants to get a new cat. But when Kat's best friend, Roger, visits from Barcelona, they decide in a moment of drunkenness that he can be Eva's sperm donor. But what are the consequences for the lesbian couple, the biological father, the child and their relationships with one another? Dennis Paul (Maqbool Salman) is a business consultant working in Malaysia. During a journey to Hyderabad as part of his profession, he acquaints Riti Satyanarayanan (Aima). They soon become friends. Dennis finds some similarities in Riti and his ex-lover Ann Mariya (Aina). In love with Duygu, as well as with his favorite football team, Zafer is one of those grown-up men who never really grow up. One day, he finds himself forced into a marriage by his father, and despite his many funny attempts to get out of the marriage, Zafer's plans yield no result. Can Zafer understand the meaning of true love before the final whistle blows? When the government puts all its rotten criminal eggs in one airborne basket, it's asking for trouble. Before you can say, "Pass the barf bag," the crooks control the plane, led by creepy Cyrus "The Virus" Grissom. Watching his every move is the just-released Cameron Poe, who'd rather reunite with his family. Romantic Comedy directed by Hugo Diogo, based on a novel by Pedro Paixao. Because of his salacious language, late-night radio advice-show host Leon Phelps, along with his sweet and loyal producer Julie, is fired from his Chicago gig. Leon gets a letter from a former lover promising a life of wealth, but he doesn't know who she is. Can Leon find his secret sugar-mama? What about Julie? Dongchul, who is managing a small bar, is always enthusiastic about his school reunions. One day, Yujin, who has never showed up to a reunion, shows up at his bar. Her baby face and vitality make her unlike other married women and all the men fall for her, especially Dongchul. They start a relationship but it abruptly flames out due to the sudden arrival of Dongchul's wife. As they get to know each other's secrets, will their love be allowed to grow? Unemployed and branded a trouble-maker, Jaikishan lives a poor lifestyle in a slum-area called Asha Colony, very near Andher's Lokhandwala Complex along with his sister, Seema; mom and dad. He comes to the rescue of a homeless orphan, Mili, who suffers from a deep inferiority complex, and permits her to live with his family. Brutally outspoken, he believes that India should be awarded unlimited gold medals for corruption at all levels, fully aware that these beliefs portray him as a 'revolutionary', and prevent him from securing any gainful employment. His life will be turned upside down when he refuses to go along with the plans of the Khan family - consisting of builder, Majid; his goon brother, Farid, and their seemingly benevolent father, Jahangir. His family will also be traumatized after the Police arrest him for the alleged broad-daylight murder of Farid. Love never sounded so good, until Corey must decide between two love interests and whether he wants to give up the joys of the single life. Seneca's Day is set in the year 1989, the final period of the Soviet era in Lithuania. Eighteen-year old buddies establish the Seneca's Fellowship with the motto "Live each day as if it was your last". A love triangle breaks up the fellowship right at the time the nation experiences an exceptional sense of community via Baltic Chain.Twenty-five years later, the main character who at first glance appears to be accompanied by good luck, is disillusioned with himself. He has betrayed the ideals of his youth and become a cold observer of life. As a young New York couple goes from college romance to marriage and the birth of their first child, the unexpected twists of their journey create reverberations that echo over continents and through lifetimes. Michal is 32 years old. She became religious 12 years ago, and only now is she getting married. A month before the wedding, while checking out the catering for the event, the groom has a change of heart and the wedding is called off. Michal feels she's unable to go back to ordinary life, to the usual course of matchmaking. She feels this is the moment to change something very basic in her personality. A simple belief that God is good and sweet; that He wants to give and is only waiting for her to wish it. Michal goes on a month-long journey lasting up to the planned wedding day: "I have the venue, the dress, the apartment; God can easily come up with my groom."  Sibylle, a young Parisian with long teeth, intends to shine in her new job by buying a hardware store in the Basque Country to set up a supermarket. She imagines that she has "rolled" the old owner but the latter is under curatorship. Sibylle must therefore deal with Ramon, the nephew, to recover his money and sign as soon as possible. Otherwise, the ejection seat is assured. She will soon realize that the Basques do not intend to let themselves be made by a Parisian, however pretty she is. Ever since Badal was an eight year old, he's been in love with violence. As a role model, he chooses the local mafia leader Bachcha Babu. As he grows up, Badal's passion for becoming like Bachcha Babu increases. One day, by chance, he gets the opportunity to join Baccha Babu's gang. He meets a girl called Megha and falls head over heels for her at first sight. However, she wants nothing to do with him. Megha's father, Sharmaji, who is a government school teacher, finds out that Badal is bothering Megha. With the help of his journalist friend, he goes to Bachcha Babu and tells him that Badal is creating trouble in his daughter's life. Bachcha Babu assures the journalist that from now on Badal will not disturb Megha and her family. In the course of events Bachcha Babu bumps into Megha and finds that he wants her for himself - at any cost. Bachcha Babu goes to the extent of killing his own wife to marry Megha.  After a month-long tour of Europe, Sejal is just about to board her flight to India, when she realises that her engagement ring is lost. In quest of the object, she hires the same tour-guide Harry  and together they set off visiting the exact same spots that she and her family visited--in the hope of finding the heirloom. Of course the journey proves to be much more... "Senario Asam Garam" starts with the incident where Asam (Mazlan Pet-Pet) and his assistant Garam (Zaibo) try to sabotage the kiosk owned by Cik Hawa (Julia Hana) and the office of Pak Adam (Azlee Senario) but their efforts always fail due to their stupidity. Asam and Garam dislike Pak Adam because both parties are in the construction business. Moreover, Pak Adam is an honest contractor unlike Asam and Garam. The news of a tender for the extension of the school in the village adds tension between Pak Adam and Asam and Garam, which forces Asam and Garam to try any means possible to sabotage Pak Adam's bid for the project. Shinji is a middle-aged, sleaze film director who used to be famous. He hardly goes back home and moves from one woman to another. In spite of his idleness, women are very fond of him and look after him compassionately for whatever reason. Shinji gets more and more neglectful depending on their generosity and doesn't seem to care about his life at all, but he has one reason to live on, his dying wife. A man knows he does not have that much time left with his wife. Accordingly, he gets afraid that his wife is going to die any time soon, filled with sorrow, and become desperate. He eventually accepts the loss of the love. It would be the most heartfelt, romantic and bitter story in this Roman Porno titles. This down-to-earth story that takes place in the mountains of North Caucasus, between two adjacent villages - Ossetian Toli and Georgian Teli - tells us about simple and naive people that governments try to divide today by an official state border. These people wish to live in peace and harmony, in spite of ethnic differences, as their ancestors lived for hundreds of years. They are accustomed to solve all the conflicts peacefully, following Caucasian customs - around a great table, with wine and songs... A Hindu boy falls in love with a Muslim girl. Naturally, this romance faces problems. LBW is a movie discussing about different phases of love and life. Love is precious, how it works out and changes the minds of human beings is the basic story of the film. A divorced mother looks to protect her daughter after an unexpected tragedy. A woman leaves her seaside hometown to search for her long-lost brother, experiencing hallucinations brought on by her epilepsy during her trip. A lighthouse keeper and his wife living off the coast of Western Australia raise a baby they rescue from an adrift rowboat. A docudrama telling the true story of a young woman who learns she has contracted the AIDS virus after an encounter with a fellow student while in college. Amel is a young photographer. When she loses her husband, her life changes. Encouraged by her father-in-law, she takes a taste of life by photographing street boys. Without fear of being scandalous, she makes the choice to look at men as men look at women.  Tbilisi, Georgia, nowadays. April aged 34, just spent a night in jail for prostitution. She is now resuming her work in the run down night life hub in the underground of a luxury hotel. There she meets Dije, a young Nigerian immigrant. He entrusts her his journey to Tbilisi. Originally, believing he was headed for Georgia, USA, he finds himself trapped in an extreme alienation in a country offering no perspective. An odd love emerges between these two human beings while they try to survive together on the margins of society. Natsume Mochizuki  works as a teen model in Tokyo, but she learns that she has to move to her father's hometown of Ukigumo. She is in a desperate situation because she can't do the things she wants to do in Ukigumo. One day, she meets Koichiro Hasegawa. He is the successor of the Hasegawa family. His family is wealthy and is respected in the area. Natsume Mochizuki and Koichiro Hasegawa become attracted to each other, but something changes their fate. Equal parts love story, road movie, and Americana, DREAMSTATES tells the haunting tale of two wayward souls (Saul Williams and Anisia Uzeyman) discovering their love for one another in their dreams and reality while touring the United States with some of the most pivotal figures of the Afro-Punk movement - Sultry, sensual, and quixotic, an underground portrait of America: haunted and hollow. King Arthur, accompanied by his squire, recruits his Knights of the Round Table, including Sir Bedevere the Wise, Sir Lancelot the Brave, Sir Robin the Not-Quite-So-Brave-As-Sir-Lancelot and Sir Galahad the Pure. On the way, Arthur battles the Black Knight who, despite having had all his limbs chopped off, insists he can still fight. They reach Camelot, but Arthur decides not  to enter, as "it is a silly place". Following the death of his employer and mentor, Bumpy Johnson, Frank Lucas establishes himself as the number one importer of heroin in the Harlem district of Manhattan. He does so by buying heroin directly from the source in South East Asia and he comes up with a unique way of importing the drugs into the United States. Partly based on a true story. A thief falls in love and this changes his life. Maryam finds out that her parents are not her biological parents. Sid hates his hands; he thinks they look like elephant feet; so he hides them from everyone including himself. Larasati is forced to deliver a box of letters that belonged to Sulastri, her mother, to Jaya in Prague. The encounter with her mother's former fiance reveals a harsh truth behind her family and the dark history of a nation. Anna and Ira prank a local woman by writing her letters from a secret admirer. The prank takes a more serious turn when the local women goes missing, Virginia is proud that she belongs to a clique. The best students at a private school. But before her 18th birthday, a grueling set of murders take place and her friends are the ones who are falling prey. Could it be her? She suffers from blackouts due to a freak accident one year earlier. We soon learn the truth behind her accident and what is going on... Experimental diary shot in 1978-1979 when Alain Mazars was a volunteer teacher in China, 2 years after Mao's death. We see a few pictures, by candlelight, and they flash before our eyes quicker and quicker, before becoming mental images, an entanglement of memories coming from a mind that was asleep until then. Travis was working his dream job, but his boss was a nightmare. When his back was against the wall, he chose to be a "Taker." This time he went too far. - He stole a Woman's most prized possession. Adding a little spice to a waning marriage, Anne and Bob, a wealthy and well-connected American couple, move into a manor house in romantic Paris. While preparing a particularly luxurious dinner for sophisticated international friends, our hostess discovers there are 13 guests. Panic-stricken, Anne insists her loyal maid Maria disguise herself as a mysterious Spanish noble woman to even out the numbers. But a little too much wine and some playful chat lead Maria to accidentally endear herself to a dandy British art broker. Their budding romance will have Anne chasing her maid around Paris and finally plotting to destroy this most unexpected and joyous love affair. A famous opera singer is held hostage in South America by a guerrilla rebel group after performing at a Japanese businessman's lavish birthday party. Unexpected bonds are forged in the standoff that ensues. A drama that presents a lively depiction of a woman plagued with unexplained hearing problems who begins to look at herself in a new light when she starts working at an ear-cleaning parlor. Two lovers fall into a passionate love affair in the underworld. A young man concocts a scheme to marry a reluctant fellow student, but finds the task more difficult than it first appeared.  This third and final film of the Falls trilogy revisits former Mormon missionaries Chris and RJ, six years after they first fell in love and were disciplined for it, as they formulate a plan to be together at long last.  An unemployed Brit vents his rage on unsuspecting strangers as he embarks on a nocturnal London odyssey. High school athlete Cyd Loughlin lives alone with her depressive father in South Carolina, perpetually longing to get away from it all. When her aunt, famous novelist Miranda Ruth, agrees to host her for a few weeks during the summer, Cyd jumps at the opportunity. While there, she falls for a girl in the neighborhood, even as she and her aunt gently challenge each other in the realms of sex and spirit. A widow retreats to a remote cottage to recover from a suicide attempt, only to discover the place is haunted. With no news from her husband, who left in the '70s to work in France, a middle-aged Rekia leaves her village and goes on a journey to Paris. She crosses Algeria and the Mediterranean Sea, gets lost in the alleys of the quarter of Pigalle, to finally find her dear Nura in the distant suburb of Paris in a hostel for retired migrant workers. But her hero, a veteran of the struggle for the liberation of Algeria, has become quite different, has become a stranger. A playboy finds himself in a spot of bother when he falls in love with the right girl. What happens when a person decides that life is merely a state of mind? If you're Betty, a small-town waitress and soap opera fan from Fair Oaks, Kansas, you refuse to believe that you can't be with the love of your life just because he doesn't really exist. After all, life is no excuse for not living. Traumatized by a savage event, Betty enters into a fugue state that allows -- even encourages -- her to keep functioning... in a kind of alternate reality. A love story set in modern day, post-revolutionary Ukraine between Julia, an idealistic student activist, and a wounded soldier fresh from the warfront. Ja-young lost her husband 3 years ago. One day, Dong-ha appears in front of Ja-young and her daughter Yoo-jin. Ja-young falls in love with Dong-ha who is tender. She begins to dream of happy life with Dong-ha.  Meanwhile, Yoo-jin feels lonely since her mother is always busy with work. She begins to have feelings for Dong-ha. After the death of his wife, Jong-Sub (Kang Shin Sung Il) raised his son alone. He lost his son in a car accident. Since the death of his son, Jong-Sub lived all alone. He retired from his job as a principle. Jong-Sub is then diagnosed with colon cancer and learns he has only 6 months left to live. All his desire to live is gone, but he still wants to keep his dignity. Jong-Sub tries to hire a caregiver. A woman named Yeon-Hwa (Bae Seul-Ki) comes to him. She is beautiful, but looks sad. Watching Yeon-Hwa, Jong-Sub sees his dead wife. He is shaken by her and wants to live more with her. Jong-Sub realizes he loves her and faces a truth he can't believe. A faithful wife takes action when it becomes clear to her that her devious husband has betrayed her. Andy is a front desk clerk with a little ambition until he finds his muse. Hayley is a beautiful shampoo girl chasing big dreams in NYC. When their worlds collide in a hapless run-in, the starstruck lovers assume false identities and follow the script of life from the same self-improvement book which lead to potentially bigger problems than they could have ever dreamed. Charles Price may have grown up with his father in the family shoe business in Northampton, in central England, but he never thought that he would take his father's place. Yet, the untimely death of his father places him in that position, only to learn that Price & Sons Shoes is failing. While in despair at his failed attempts to save the business, Charles has a chance encounter with the flamboyant drag queen cabaret singer, Lola. Her complaints about the inadequate footwear for her work combined with one of Charles' ex-employees, Lauren, leads to a suggestion to change the product to create a desperate chance to save the business: make men's fetish footwear. Lola is convinced to be their footwear designer and the transition begins. Now this disparate lot must struggle at this unorthodox idea while dealing both the prejudice of the staff, Lola's discomfort in the small town and the selfish manipulation of Charles' greedy fiancee who cannot see the greater good in Charles' dream.  Lu left South Africa and her Zulu-Sotho heritage behind to become a dancer in America,  and when she falls in love with Tex, she knows he's the man to marry. But when she brings  Tex home to meet her family, she discovers she's been promised since birth to a Zulu king.  Caught between two men, two families, and two countries, Lou has to come to terms with  who she is so she can fight for what she wants. A young woman tired of being the rebound girl makes rules for herself to avoid that situation. But she is immediately challenged when she makes a connection with another heartbroken young man. Sometimes you try to control your surrounding events, but sometimes inadvertent occasions will change the course of your life. A singer in New York gets a grim diagnosis that puts her life and dreams into perspective. It shows the lives and relationship issues among the modern generation of Chinoys and how it isn't as perfect as it seems. Koroli Nair, the sole child of a London based business tycoon, settles in Delhi to fulfil her 'pursuit of happiness'. Much to her dad's disappointment,she has no interest in upgrading herself as an entrepreneur & wants to settle down with a man and be a mother to her future kids. She teaches English at the British Council in New Delhi which makes her feel content & satisfied in her own way. After the death of her father, a divorce  and a long period of absence and solitude, a woman is reborn obsessed by a man. Jin Hee learns that she can be satisfied by love, she want to be sure that the relationship between a man and a woman is not a one-way possession, but of consideration and delicacy.  Even in modern-day Taipei, women feel the societal pressure to get married and have children before the clock runs out. Thankfully, there is a solution: freeze your eggs and prolong your fertility until the right one comes along! Starring Ariel Lin, the film is a glimpse of what millions of working women struggle with: finding the balance between pursuing a career and marriage. Based on the bestselling series of short stories by renowned Chinese writer Zhang Jiajia, I Belonged To You is a touching romantic tale revolving around two radio disc jockeys and the world they inhabit. They find the audience they reach reflects their own love and heartbreak, and forces them to deal with issues larger than just their own lives. When she was a middle school student, Futaba Yoshioka liked Kou Tanaka who was unlike the other boys and quite gentle. Kou Tanaka then moved away and they lost contact.  At the end of Futaba Yoshioka's first year as a high school student she meets Kou Tanaka again. Kou Tanaka's name has changed to Kou Mabuchi and his personality seems different from his middle school days. Setoka Tachibana is a female high school student who has confessed her feelings to other boys 12 times, but has been rebuffed each time. Her older brother Haruka Tachibana cares for his younger sister deeply, but he keeps secret from her that they are not blood related. One day, Setoka's first love Takane Serikawa appears after many years and approaches her. The in- flight service for Hong Kong starts now!  An erotic story that took place in the spacious blue sky!  An innocent actress runs away from the scandal with an idol, the impudent idol that ruined her career, a passionate manager who is devoted to her and his ex-girlfriend who is now a sexy stewardess. These four that should never be together run into each other in an airplane. No one can run away and the most cheeky and erotic things happen here. I (Takumi Kitamura) am a high school student. I happen to find a diary by my classmate Sakura Yamauchi (Minami Hamabe) that reveals she is suffering from a pancreatic disease. I spent time with Sakura, but she dies.  12 years later, due to Sakura's words, I (Shun Oguri) am now a high school teacher at the same school where I graduated from. While I talk with my student, I remember several months I spent with Sakura. Meanwhile, Kyoko (Keiko Kitagawa), who was Sakura's friend, is soon to marry. Kyoko also recalls the days she spent with me and Sakura. Fifteen-year-old country girl Suzume Yosano has to move to Tokyo to live with her uncle due to her father's transfer. She bumps into a mysterious man who ends up taking her to her uncle's place after she gets lost. Turns out, Suzume will be seeing him a lot more often once she starts school because... he's her homeroom teacher?! Everything seems normal at a hockey arena until the roof, straining under the weight of the ice and snow that has built up, finally gives way, collapsing on top of the fans and players below. Many are killed in the tragic accident, but a few survive, trapped under tons of snow and steel. Can they hold out long enough for the rescue teams to reach them? Love is sacrifice. A Gothic horror romance about the reincarnation of two star-crossed lovers, Jakob and Henrietta, and their story of courtship, love, and sacrifice as they strive to conceive a child over parallel timelines. In order to impress his beautiful French neighbor, Dylan Ramsey dognaps her pet pooch so he can return him and become a hero. Seon-mi (Koo Ji-sung) hands a name card to Joo-hee (Ha Na-kyeong) who is about to get married, saying that she'll be able to feel sexual satisfaction like never before. Joo-hee experiences something new and starts expressing her rising emotions to her fiance despite the time and place. Unlike Joo-hee who is enjoying this, Min-woo is getting tired. He tries to satisfy her to the best of his abilities and even asks for advice from friends but it's not enough. What is that place that has her upside down like this? A sexy comedy about a professor and his female student. A love story, portraying the dilemmas and inevitable consequences of ambition. It is a film about a woman's fight for independence, a woman trying to succeed with her own art in the extremely competitive world of dance. Love ignites on the biggest art fair in the world as artists struggle between fame and romance in the hottest city on the planet: Miami. Sebastian is an undisciplined mathematics genius who works in the "cipher bureau" of the British Intelligence. While cracking enemy codes, Sebastian finds time to romance co-worker Rebecca Howard. A chasm opens in the relationship between two brothers (Nara Rohit, Naga Shourya) after they both fall in love with the same woman (Regina Cassandra). Jin-wook and So-ri couple have been dating for 6 years. So-ri randomly suggests that they should go on a trip along with her best friend Mi-ra and her boyfriend. It is because she promised with Mi-ra before that the four should go on a trip together once Mi-ra has a boyfriend.  Jin-wook does not feel comfortable with her plan because he has not been interested in So-ri's friend at all and has not had a meal even once with the friend together so far. However, he unwillingly decides to go on the trip. As Jin-wook heard that Mi-ra and her boyfriend would prepare all of camping Tired of being tired and scandalized in gossip columns, she leaves Menjou for a trip to the US. Barely surviving a Midwest train wreck, she becomes a local hero after injuring herself while saving a baby's life. While recovering at the home of the headmaster of a boy's school and his family, her veneer of oversophistications melts away and she finds herself fancying the small town life. A young boy comes of age in the most peculiar of circumstances. Tonight is the very first time his Papa and Grandpa are taking him to work. In an old wooden boat they row far out to sea, and with no land in sight, they stop and wait. A big surprise awaits the boy as he discovers his family's most unusual line of work. Should he follow the example of his Papa, or his Grandpa? Will he be able to find his own way in the midst of their conflicting opinions and timeworn traditions? Faced with unfortunate complications beyond her control, go-getter events manager Andi Medina has no other person to turn to. She is then forced to reconnect with her ex-boyfriend, cosmetic surgeon Max Labarador. Much to Andi's shock, Max is already in a three-year live-in relationship with pediatric oncologist Christian Pilar. With nowhere else to go and left with no other options, she agrees to live with the couple - both parties agreeing into a deal that will change the course of their lives and hearts. A photographer on a trip to Japan meets a fellow American woman and they quickly fall in love. However, when he returns home to the US, he discovers that she is his girlfriend's older sister. What is it that makes a man fall in love with a woman at first sight? Appearance? Aura? Wealth? NO, when campus prince and gaming expert, student Xiao Nai first saw Bei Wei Wei, what made him fall in love was not her extraordinary beauty, but her slim and slender fingers that were flying across the keyboard and her calm and composed manner!!! Embarrassing, no? At the same time, gaming expert Bei Wei Wei, at this time and place is on the computer, methodically commanding a guild war, and won a perfect and glorious victory despite being at a disadvantage, and was completely unaware that cupid is nearby. Soon after basketball player, swimmer, all-around excellent student, and game company president, Xiao Nai, uses both tactics on and off-line to take this beauty's heart. Therefore this romance slowly bloomed. ~~ Movie adapted from the novel by Gu Man. Young dancers gather in a remote and empty school building to rehearse on a cold and wintry night. The all-night celebration soon turns into a hallucinatory nightmare when they learn that their sangria is laced with LSD. Mahadev is a carefree guy who dreams of becoming a filmmaker. He is smitten by three women in life and all the three affairs prove to be a disaster. The interesting point is that all the three girls are named Sirisha.What is it in Mahadev that causes failures in his love relationships? Nabil (Kirana Larasati), has just escaped from the threat. Takur (Mike Lucock), Indian descent moneylender, hires thugs to collect debts from Nabil's father, a drunkard, gambler, and does not have responsibility. Because the father is never at home, the moneylender charges to Nabil's mother. Seeing this, Nabil takes the responsibility and says that she would pay all her father's debts. Nabil promises to return the Rp 100 million debt within five days.  Then, Nabil gets a phone call informing that her father is hospitalized. When she arrives at the hospital, the father is unconscious, because he has been through heart surgery. The father won gambling. He was so happy, so he got heart attack, The father brought home certificate as a guarantee for the medical expenses. 'Ettekal Second' turns out to be an imminently forgettable love yarn. The film is a love story of a boy who falls for a girl in precisely 8 seconds. These 8 seconds will change his life forever. The story is set in 1947, following a long-retired Holmes living in a Sussex village with his housekeeper and rising detective son. But then he finds himself haunted by an unsolved 50-year old case. Holmes' memory isn't what it used to be, so he only remembers fragments of the case: a confrontation with an angry husband, a secret bond with his beautiful but unstable wife. The story starts from pile murder, murderer exactly ten years ago, a woman was shot dead by police. A decade ago, it has not found an important clue surfaced, what old things associated with the murder a decade ago after a decade of existence in the end? All this seems to be back to square one again. Liu Ye plays Justin was forced to intervene series of investigations, throws a period spanning 10 years of disputes, he played with Chiu ??? what will happen to the story, the same two men who have lost a loved one, the final showdown, behind, relating to a shocking secret, life and death, love and hate, good and evil, black and white, good and evil, truth and lies a major reversal in In this surreal romance, two young lovers lose their sense of identity through the powerful, and manipulated, emotions of love. Twenty-six-year-old Hiroto Suwa; his wife, Naho; and their old high school classmates--Takako Chino, Azusa Murasaka, and Saku Hagita--visit Mt. Koubou to view the cherry blossoms together. While watching the setting sun, they reminisce about Kakeru Naruse, their friend who died 10 years ago. Mourning for him, they decide to visit Kakeru's old home, where they learn the secret of his death from his grandmother. Adventure, romance, and the resplendent cultural flavor of Tijuana permeate the air in this spirited, high-energy and imaginative film. When Alejandro, a Chicano Studies professor from Los Angeles, finds himself stranded in the unpredictable border town on New Year's Eve, a surprise encounter with a former student leads to a night he'll never forget. Four different love stories are intertwined and played by the same cast Sheela Chacko's leads a regular life as a mother, wife and a college lecturer. All this turns around when she learns about a serious affliction facing her. The comedy-drama carries on about how her insecure husband and her three children react to the enfolding situation. Three artist friends - a cartoonist re-assessing his life after a near-death experience, a guitarist overwhelmed by his girlfriend's personal baggage, and a bassist emerging from a long-term relationship - reconcile their artistic ambitions with their own personal demons. Panchayat Secretary Ullahanan leads a monotonous life till a college reunion rekindles excitement in his 20-year-old marital life and infuses in him a renewed sense of purpose and love for everything that he once took for granted. Dan Warner is a desaturator, tasked with sapping beauty from the world in a future where Color is used as energy. When his superiors suspect that he may secretly be hoarding color in order to support his "unhealthy" passion for drawing, Dan is reassigned to the outer precincts where he is faced with a decision that will decide the course of his future. Adah and Aaron are recovering addicts who are struggling to stay sober. After meeting in their psychoanalyst's waiting room, they fall in love, relapse on poppers, and become the biggest assholes in New York City. Loaded with a love story and set in the club scene in Cape Town, it's a feel good rags to riches film about Raps, a gifted young dancer from the Cape Flats who thinks all he needs is fame and money. However, it all gets complicated when he falls in love with the gorgeous young wife of the gangster-cum-producer who's making his career happen. August 2019. Frank recognizes his own story of twenty years ago in a recently published book. He remembers Marie, with whom he had a relationship before she moved to the United States and disappeared from his life. Frank sets out in search of her and finds himself in a USA petrified by a heat wave and lost in suspicion and political paranoia. He heads into the desert in pursuit of Marie. After six months with her Tinder guy, an indecisive millennial must overcome the high life expectations she's built from social media to decide today: either take a last-minute voyage, or settle down into a career and relationship with him. Danny and Dolly meet for the first time at a bus stop, both waiting to attend their first day back at high school, but after becoming acquainted, the two decide to ditch school and explore the small town in which Dolly is brand new to, only to end up falling in love with each other after learning of the unusual, not so pretty lives that they both live. An  English couple, a leading London lawyer and his wife re-define later life by motoring rural India in their battered 1936 Rolls Royce, falling into company with tea-wallahs and maharajahs, dodging tribal conflicts and battling with border-officials to get to a photography conference/human rights festival in Bangladesh. A musical tale about two impoverished sisters' anguish over whether or not to sell the final masterpiece of their recluse father days before the second world war, in Manila. A taut wartime thriller, Red Crag: Life in Eternal Flame anticipates the paranoia and violence of the imminent Cultural Revolution while harking back to the aesthetic splendour of the Golden Age Shanghai cinema of the late 1940s. (This opulence is largely due to the work of cinematographer Zhu Jinming, the master visual stylist of Shangrao Concentration Camp and other key "Seventeen Years" films.) The film concerns a hard-boiled woman working in the Chongqing Communist underground during World War II, whose commitment to the guerrilla cause is only intensified after she witnesses her husband's head mounted on the city walls by the Nationalist forces. Set 3 years after the drama series. Kitano Yuichiro comes to give a lecture in the town where divorcee Sasamoto Sawa now lives quietly. The two meet again and their love story continue. Ann is consumed by the fantasy of finding true love. Just when she thinks she's found it, she is friend-zoned. The disappointment of rejection sends her into an obsessive downward spiral that tests the limits of her sanity and the strength of her closest friendship. In order to reclaim her bearings on reality, she confronts her overgrown fantasies by making a film about the experience. The result is a vulnerable, hilarious, and vibrantly stylized investigation of love. When he's discharged from a military hospital, ex-GI Bob Corey goes on a search for his army buddy Steve Connolly. A reformed crook, Connolly is on the lam from a trumped-up murder rap, and Corey hopes to clear his pal. Tagging along is Army nurse Julie Benson, who has fallen for Corey.  A woman learns about the death of her Orthodox Jewish father, a rabbi. She returns home and has romantic feelings rekindled for her best childhood friend, who is now married to her cousin. A small business owner is about to lose her shop to a major corporate development. An enthralling montage of moments of cinema-going extracted from movie history exploring the entire film-going experience: underage boys attempting to get in to a cinema to see some bare flesh; pretentious debates in the queues; loading choc ices into trays, and of course the trailers and the main feature. Films from every genre play as lovers meet, criminals hide in the dark and rapt audiences watch on. Painting is an unacceptable vocation for a woman in provincial Germany in the year 1900, but budding artist Paula Becker is determined to make her own rules. The movie was inspired by Hiroshima prefectural government's marital activity "Koinowa Project" which is practiced as part of countermeasures against the declining birthplace. A couple who have known each other since 8 are destined to be together until death do them apart. Ridwan Imam Fadli, called Imam by his friends, has a very Islamic name buat doesn't fulfill his responsibilities as a Muslim. His girlfriend Widya has already finished college and is working. They've been dating four years and have been waiting for Imam to graduate so they can get married, though he keeps failing to advance. Imam's not happy with the way Widya has to behave at work.  When Imam accompanies his friend Billy to Sam Po Khong in Semarang, he meets Chen Jia Li, a muslim girl from China whose on vacation before her planned marriage to Ma Fu Hsien, owner of an Islamic and Wing Chun boarding school in Beijing. Imam starts to fall for the hijab wearing Chen Jia Li because of her friendliness and grace. Imam feels comfortable with Chen Jia Li. She never forces, tells, or even asks why Imam doesn't pray. For her, Imam's willingness to worship has to come from within. When reporter, Jean Craddock interviews Bad Blake--an alcoholic, seen-better-days country music legend--they connect, and the hard-living crooner sees a possible saving grace in a life with Jean and her young son. Arata Kaizaki is 27-years-old and unemployed. He quit his prior job after working for the company for 3 months. Arata Kaizaki decides to take part in a research program. He takes medication that makes him look younger and he is to attend high school for a year. There, he falls in love with female high school student Chizuru Hishiro. Amin, an aspiring screenwriter living in Paris, returns home for the summer, to a fishing village in the South of France. It is a time of reconnecting with his family and his childhood friends. Together with his cousin Tony and his best friend Ophelie, he spends his time between the Tunisian restaurant run by his parents, the local bars and the beaches frequented by girls on holiday. Enchanted by the many female characters who surround him, Amin remains in awe of these summer sirens while his dionysiac cousin throws himself into their carnal delights with euphoria. Armed with his camera and guided by the bright simmer light of the Mediterranean coast, Amin pursues his philosophical quest while gathering inspiration for his screenplays. When it comes to love, only Mektoub ('destiny' in Arabic) can decide. Henry Wilt is a more or less failed teacher who fantasizes about murdering his dominant, non-attentive wife Eva. At a party who gets stuck in an inflatable doll and makes a complete fool of himself. Eventually, he dumps the doll in a hole at a building site. However, he has been witnessed getting rid of the doll and when his wife disappears on the night after the party, the police and Inspector Flint have strong suspicions on Mr Wilt. In a small village in Karnataka lives Docomo, a cowherd. He loves two things most, his bull and the village beauty Jummi. Coincidentally his bull loves Jummi' cow two. Ideal situation, don't you think? But what happens when greed and other human sins set in. Toma and Ana meet as students in the literature faculty, and quickly fall in love. But, because of Ana's mental illness, their relationship slowly collapses. Martin is a young Argentinean piano virtuoso and composer. For four years, he has been a patient of El Borda psychiatric hospital. Music filled up his life. Now he is trying to return to life outside the asylum walls, while working on his new opus, "Enfermaria". An officially "dead" cop is trained to become an extraordinary unique assassin in service of the US President. A former American G.I. joins a yakuza family after his release from prison in post-World War II Osaka. Two journalists, both working for two different news channels don't really like each other, but the equation between them changes when fate puts the two of them together in the warring backdrop of Kargil. Tragedy strikes young newlyweds Sarah and James when they move into their new apartment.   Trish's friends set her up on a blind-date, but when she forgets to adjust her clocks to compensate for Daylight Savings Time, she inadvertently stands her potential sweetheart up. Instead, she arrives at the venue and meets Parker, a sweet-natured but troubled paramedic who decides to play along with the oblivious Trish. The pair hit it off, but their promising romance is threatened when the case of mistaken identity is revealed. Qesya already in love with Iskandar for 5 years. Qesya wants Iskandar thinks about their future. Their relationship is strong and Qesya wantS to tie the knot. However Iskandar is ambitious. He wants to continue his study up to the highest level. Iskandar loves Qesya but he also does not want to sacrifice his dreams. Peggy Mason joins her boyfriend Douglas Wyman at a secluded cabin. When he confesses his love and the fact he is still a married man Peggy is distraught and flees the cabin. But meanwhile Douglas' wife is murdered and when the police arrest him he finds he can't provide an alibi without tarnishing Peggy's reputation. Kishan Malhotra finds his life turned upside down, when he returns home one day to find that his place has been taken over by a look-alike imposter. A faded television actor and his stunt double strive to achieve fame and success in the film industry during the final years of Hollywood's Golden Age in 1969 Los Angeles. A professional tennis player had his world upside down when his fiancee left him for a rock star. An unlikely heir to a Mexican fast-food franchise goes 'cuisine' hunting for the next culinary big thing, and finds himself in a small, dusty New Mexican town where foodies come from all over to salivate over the culinary treats of a local, authentic, and feisty female chef. Parn is a stubborn old woman in her 70's whose only pleasure in life is to brag about her son who she single-handedly raised to be a professor. One day, she learns that her son is planning to send her off to a nursing home. While wondering the street in shock and grave disappointment, she is drawn to a mysterious light and walks into a photo studio called 'Chaya Lumruek.' She puts on a makeup for the first time to get her portrait take, but when she leaves she is shocked to see her reflection. Skin fair and supple and slender figure, she's gone back to being a vibrant 20-year-old young woman again! With no one recognizing her, she sees it as a second chance at life and decides to take advantage of her new-found youth that she never got to enjoy in her old days...  A love story based around two characters - Angela and Tennille. Growing up through out the years Angela, a heterosexual female, never realizes that Tennille, a dominant female, is deeply in love with her. After several years of Angela being in the dark about Tennille's true feelings, she soon discovers the love that Tennille has for her and realizes those feelings are mutual. After a crushing breakup with her girlfriend, a Brooklyn musician moves back in with her Midwestern mother. As she navigates her hometown, playing for tip money in an old friend's bar, an unexpected relationship begins to take shape. A hapless man seeking treatment for his crippling back pain discovers a very unusual talent and unexpected love. A surreal and disturbing tale centred on two divided villages in a civil war where women are unable to conceive and a remedy is desperately sought. An architect falls in love with his client's daughter. The 25th Anniversary performance - filmed at London's Prince Edward Theatre in 2014 - of the epic musical tale of a young Vietnamese bar girl, Kim, who falls in love with Chris, an American GI.  But their lives are torn apart by the fall of Saigon. A unique horror film told from the first-person perspective of Grace - a naive, virginal college freshman trying to deal with campus culture and her outgoing roommate as an evil entity takes over her body and unleashes chaos. The wife of a psycho-analyst falls prey to a devious quack hypnotist when he discovers she is an habitual shoplifter. Then one of his previous patients now being treated by the real doctor is found murdered, with her still at the scene, and suspicion points only one way. Following his son Gabriel's death, Jorge travels from conservative Bolivia to New York City to confront Gabriel's boyfriend Sebastian. While the two battle over Jorge's inability to accept his son, Sebastian channels his grief into a bold new play in honor of his lost love, in which Gabriel's inner turmoil is transformed into an eye-popping gay fantasia. In Dublin, two couples (Jim and Danielle; Yvonne and Chris) are seemingly living in marital bliss. However, when Chris's behaviour begins to change, Yvonne seeks solace in the arms of Jim, and before long they are in the midst of an affair. When a life-changing secret is later revealed, all four are forced to re-evaluate their lives, their marriages, and their friendships - but can anything be salvaged from the wreckage? With the death of their mother, two sisters (Nona and Cressy) return to their childhood home in Northern Australia where their third sister, Mae, lived looking after their mother. The funeral happens and the three find themselves together in the house for the first time in years. With time to talk, drink and fight, past hurts are revealed and family secrets come out. A romantic comedy centered on Dexter and Emma, who first meet during their graduation in 1988 and proceed to keep in touch regularly. The film follows what they do on July 15 annually, usually doing something together. A mid-western couple is transferred to Washington DC for work and meet the neighbors, a super-intense couple. As their friendships develop, confusion unfolds in this country mice meet city mice adventure. Family secrets and a witch doctor's spells conspire to confuse the life of an orphaned girl whose quest for love brings her traditional African village into conflict with the sophisticated world of international development agencies. Sugihara Kohei, a college student who has distanced himself from others unconsciously because he is hard of hearing and it keeps causing one misunderstanding after another. One day his classmate Taiichi stumbles into him and notices his delicious bento. Kohei gives Taiichi part of his lunch, to Taiichi's delight, but leaves without saying a word to Taiichi. Taiichi only later finds out from others that Kohei is hard of hearing. Taiichi has a bright personality to the point of foolishness, and he tells Kohei, "It's not your fault that you can't hear!" Those words save Kohei, and he begins to change. Taiichi and Kohei begin a relationship that's more than friends. Adi, a writer for romance articles, had already engaged but reluctant to get married. Before ties the knot and fall into the tyranny of marriage, Adi plan to visit his 5 ex-girlfriends once again. A naturalistic film about the nontraditional relationship of lovers Mila, Igor, and Gilmar that shuns convention, instead embracing love in all its dazzling iterations. A happy-go-lucky boy falls in love with a village belle and after initially facing rejection from her, realises that he has a lot to do to win her love. My father and I get into an old camper and head for Paris where, 23 years ago, he dispersed his mother's ashes in the Luxembourg Garden. Our trip will take two weeks. We're both documentary filmmakers so we've decided to make a film recording the journey. We stop at camper parks or gas stations for the night. We each have a camera to keep the conditions fair and so we're both the directors and protagonists at the same time. My father is 70, I am 44. We discuss various things - family history, difficult past, my father's divorces. Any question is allowed. The journey is a pretext to get to know each other a little better. A cinematic-psychological experiment about the father-son relationship. Once in the editing room, will we be able to create a single version that would be acceptable to both? Riley is struggling to make friends after transferring to a new high school where her father, Chris, is an English teacher. When she meets Kyla, they quickly becomes close friends. However, the friendship takes a strange turn when Riley learns that Kyla is obsessed with her dad. Will Kyla successfully seduce Chris and start a twisted new life with him by removing everyone in her path, or will Riley be able to save her father from Kyla's treacherous plot before it's too late? Mahtab is suspicious of her husband Ahmad, a university professor. As she tries to unravel the mystery instigated by Sima, a close friend of the family, by pressuring Farnoosh Kheirkhah, Ahmad's student, her husband tries to prove his innocence. But the sudden death of Farnoosh opens a new path before Ahmad, Mahtab, Sima, and her husband Mansoor. Ava, 13, is spending the summer on the Atlantic coast when she learns that she will lose her sight sooner than expected. Her mother decides to act as if everything were normal so as to spend their best summer ever. Ava confronts the problem in her own way. She steals a big black dog that belongs to a young man on the run... Today is the day, she's on the square but he's on the road. Inspired by The Divine Comedy, here is their descent into Hell, on their wedding day: a great day that will separate them for life and death. When teenager Elle's first kiss leads to a forbidden romance with the hottest boy in high school, she risks her relationship with her best friend.  Cal Weaver is living the American dream. He has a good job, a beautiful house, great children and a beautiful wife, named Emily. Cal's seemingly perfect life unravels, however, when he learns that Emily has been unfaithful and wants a divorce. Over 40 and suddenly single, Cal is adrift in the fickle world of dating. Enter, Jacob Palmer, a self-styled player who takes Cal under his wing and teaches him how to be a hit with the ladies. A writer becomes the main character in the story he intended to write A story about love, friendship and loneliness that throws a glance at the gay universe in today's Spain. Julian, trying to forget an ex boyfriend, takes refuge in sporadic encounters and occasional dates with random men. Based on Julian Almazan and Alfonso Casas' comic book. Motherhood is a comedy written and directed by Katherine Dieckmann, and stars Uma Thurman, Anthony Edwards and Minnie Driver. Shot on location in New York's West Village, focuses on the dilemmas of motherhood, such as marriage, work, and self, shown in the trials and tribulations of one pivotal day. An island and its people, a self-contained world where goodwill and camaraderie prevail over everything else. At the center of this world are Govutty and Teena, and their endearing love story. After her divorce Mina is in need to financial and emotional supporting. She meets a guy and thinks that this is the man of her dreams. But things are not just as their first seem to be. Two old-timer thieves, Kamal and Jamal who are released from prison after years, go to their accomplice - Essi - to get their share from their last robbery. But Essi has invested the money on a film and has played in it which was a complete failure. Despite their propensity for robbery, these two old men, have to do it again. But they have become too old to rob in a traditional way. Randy Bodek works as a pizza delivery boy at Senor Pizza to make a few extra bucks. Some customers are special, though: When the order is for a pizza with extra anchovies, it means the female customers are looking for some loving. "Loverboy's" reputation soon makes him very popular, but when Mom Bodek suddenly feels like some extra anchovies, things are looking grim for young Randy Young newlyweds encounter a series of challenges during the first year of their marriage. A budding romance between noble underachiever Lloyd Dobler and high school valedictorian Diane Court is threatened when Diane's overly possessive, disapproving father interferes with their relationship. With a prized scholarship to study abroad hanging in the balance, Diane must find a way to make both men happy. Plagued by the abuse of her past and the turmoil of failed intimate encounters, Laura struggles to find a lover and a sense of normalcy. Her beacon of hope comes in sixteen year-old Eva, a talented pianist disillusioned by the life her mother imposes upon her. An unlikely relationship is formed between the two and Eva becomes an obsession to Laura. In light of Eva's unhappiness, Laura convinces her to runaway to her house and they soon find themselves caught within an intense entanglement. Manipulation, denial and codependency fuel what ultimately becomes a fractured dynamic that can only sustain itself for so long. this romantic drama tells the story of dreams and ambitions for a generation of young Iranians who often find those things difficult to come by. In this unique take on a familiar theme, a ... When the resident singer at a venue that hosts weddings and funerals abruptly quits his job, a young, charming new singer (Hamed Behdad) is hired. Unexpectedly, a romantic relationship begins to develop between him and older, widowed woman who also works at the venue, though neither is immediately aware of the other's emotions. The romance that ensues creates as much chaos as it does tenderness. This is a star-studded and incredibly entertaining ride. Born and raised in Kyoto, 17 years old Takatoyo spends all his summer holidays in his hometown. However, this time will be different. Takatoyo will experience his first love and first challenges, creating memories that will take him out of his ordinary life. Yeliz leads a happy life with her brother Ahmet, who she is very fond of. But Ahmet Deniz falls in love, and he makes her a marriage proposal, Yeliz's world collapsed. They think, "oh, I get them well apart, as I also did it with all his previous girlfriends." Yeliz begins to make plans with her group of girlfriends to drive the two apart. On the one hand Yeliz, on the other hand, Ahmet Deniz, who tries to protect Deniz against the snares of his sister, without leaving marks Deniz. There awaits all sorts of comic adventures ... A girl named Lin,Xia come to a lonely island to save the world in less than 24 hours.Meanwhile, there are men in black are chasing after her.What does she bring with her?How could she save mankind from the supernova explosion? ,,Untaken Paths" tells the story of a young woman in love, who marries against the wishes of her family. She is challenged when her nascent marriage is thrown into trouble because of the couple's roots in different social strata. When Mahi's son dies in a car accident, Behrouz who has returned to Iran to sell his properties, attends the funeral. Their old romance catches up while Behrouz has planned to marry Sara and go back to Canada with her. Laura, an unemployed writer in New York City, tries to juggle an unexciting boyfriend, an affair with a performance artist, and a vivid imaginary life. An avid collector of Greek objects in Asia Minor, Dimitris, prepares an exhibition on multicultural life in Smyrna before World War I. In a trip to Izmir his girlfriend Rita, he finds in a small antique shop a Greek wedding dress that is stained with blood and an old photograph that send him on a journey to bridge the past with the present.  A love story. Junhao declares to go to Sicily to learn opera and ends the relationship with his fiancee, Xiaoyou. In disbelief, she determines to learn the truth behind his sudden decision. Lee Joon-gi has teamed up with Lin for his first Chinese film.  A young divorcee tries to convert a historic house into a hotel despite its oddball inhabitants and dead bodies in the cellar. A German man fells in love with a Turkish woman and changes his lifestyle for her family. Yuichi (Sosuke Ikematsu) is a freeter who has lazy days. He receives an allowance from a woman that he lives with. Tomoko (Shinobu Terajima) is a housewife. Yuichi and Tomoko meet through an online dating website. They become involved in an intimate relationship, but their lives are about to be shaken by an incident. Batista (Marco Ricca) and Maria (Adriana Esteves) form a couple who, apparently, are very happy in their marriage. However, the truth is that appearances deceive and much; in the background, Batista, an inveterate alcoholic and Maria, who has an affair with her eldest daughter's boyfriend, Emilia (Bianca Bin), represents a family on the edge of the ruins. Series of rumors and the incompatibility of both the bride and groom throw a train-bound wedding party out of gear. Stuart is a having a mid-life crisis. Desperate for something more in life, he tags along on his best friend's family vacation to Paris - then proposes to his friend's 24-year-old daughter, Rosalind, while standing under the Eiffel Tower. Double revenge in two separate stories. Set in both a near future and the historical past, revenge is served not by violence, but by love. "Do you want to do it...?"  The fatal seduction of...the "Challenge Game"  Florist Ae-ran (Vicky) and forensics investigator Min-ho (Choi Ryeong) from the Public Prosecutor's Office both have a family that everyone wants. However, Min-ho can't handle bed time so Ae-ran starts a 'challenge game' in which she seduces and has sex with strange men. One day, Ae-ran and Min-ho meet Alex (Choi Hyeon-ho) at a tango cafe. Alex is interested in Ae-ran and approaches her while Ae-ran takes interest in Alex who is more handsome than her husband. Min-ho later witnesses them in action and gets angry when he finds out the man Ae-ran seduced is Alex. Min-ho feels nervous because he finds out Alex isn't just a game partner and approached him for a reason. Min-ho tries to get rid of Alex but Alex chokes Ae-ran and Min-ho even more and feels catharsis. The game they started is turning into a catastrophe... A long love story, seen through the memories of one young couple. The journey through the years of two individuals, united, divided, happy, unhappy, deeply in love, or in love with others, in a single stream of emotions and shades of feeling. Over the course of the film, he learns that love can indeed last, while she learns to live with nostalgia. Having moved to Paris for university, Leevi returns to his native Finland for the summer to help his estranged father renovate the family lake house so it can be sold. Tareq, a recent asylum seeker from Syria, has been hired to help with the work, and when Leevi's father has to return to town on business, the two young men establish a connection and embark on a romance set against the idyllic Finnish summer. However, looming over this chance encounter, is the father's imminent return to the lake house, the continuation of Leevi's studies abroad as well as Tareq's complex relationship with his family in Syria. PROGRESS Chapter 10: Glory Follows Virtue As If It Were Its Shadow A visual effects artist gets possessed by an evil spirit and tries to get rid of it until he meets another innocent soul possessed by spirits. Jordan Donavan, a photographer in New York, is so disappointed when after five years of going steady Edward Morgan offers her not marriage but just to move in with him, that she accepts the match-making arranged via a magazine by her female friend with Tyler Ross, a horse rancher in the West, whose candidacy was actually also posted by his sister. After a bad start they soon grow closer. A down-on-luck wedding planner tries to save a girl from a criminal who plans to marry her with revenge on his mind. Angali Pangali - Tamil movie, Directed by S.Balamurugan, Starring Vishnupriyan, Sanyathara, Soori, Delhi Ganesh, Meera Krishnan, Kottachi, Anjali.... Recently deceased, a white-sheeted ghost returns to his suburban home to console his bereft wife, only to find that in his spectral state he has become unstuck in time, forced to watch passively as the life he knew and the woman he loves slowly slip away. Anurag wonders about his first love Tanvi, whom he hasn't seen in years. Will their love be rekindled when they reconnect after a long time apart? A chef who is separated from his wife decides to win back her love after she lands up at his doorstep asking for divorce. After a robbery gone wrong, Aaron - barricaded in a rest stop bathroom - faces down the police, hallucinations, and a grim secret. The film is based on Vince and Kath, an online series written by Jenny Ruth Almocera, which went viral, that told the story of two lovestruck teens, Vince and Kath, through text messages. Maya, a 19 year old queer pixie, gets romantically involved with her sexually fluid insta-crush and unknowingly inserts herself into a twisted love triangle. Singleton Kartar Singh is left with the responsibility of raising his two orphaned nephews. He asks his brother in Punjab to raise Charan and his sister in London to raise Karan. When the twins cross continents, they leave behind a trail of confusion. It's a story of a painter, Su He, who is nervous looking for inspiration for one of his works that will be displayed in an important exhibition. In the search of models for artistic nude drawing, gets to know a boy, Er Meng, who catches his attention. An American Agent from 1938 travels through time to hamstring Hitler! Transported to the year 2018, he hoodwinks hoodlums, infuriates the Fuhrer,  and goes gaga for a gal 80 years his junior!  A film about growing apart when growing up. Two best friends relationship strains when one deals with her newfound sexuality and the other with breaking up with her long term boyfriend. True story of Germany's most famous anti-Nazi heroine brought to thrilling, dramatic life. Sophie Scholl stars Julia Jentsch in a luminous performance as the fearless activist of the underground student resistance group, The White Rose. Armed with long-buried historical records of her incarceration, director Marc Rothemund expertly re-creates the last six days of Sophie Scholl's life. Badrinath is looking for a typical bride; Vaidehi is looking for an independent life. Together they must break with tradition and redefine their role Collegian Ajay Sharma was born on 2nd April 1968 and lives in Bombay with his widowed mom, Asha. He is friendly with fellow-collegian, the wealthy Raj Sinha, and both often end up getting beat-up by goons and Madhu (Raj's girlfriend) respectively. After they graduate from college, Raj's maternal uncle asks Ajay to bring his birth certificate so that he could make his passport and find work for him in a department store in Canada. Ajay goes home to look for his birth certificate, but is unable to locate. His mother makes a show of helping him, but instead tears a document and tosses it outside. Ajay puts the document together and finds out that his real name is Ajay Malhotra, his father, Dr. Ravi Malhotra, is still alive, serving a life sentence in prison for killing and stealing a patient's organs. Ajay questions his mother and finds out that his dad was framed by the hospital owner, Rai Bahadur. He and Asha meet Ravi in prison and swear to avenge his humiliation. Adapted from prolific western novelist Dusty Richard's "Mustanger and the Lady," 'Painted Woman' is the story of Julie Richards  Julie is a woman of her time, passed from hand to hand in a web of abuse and prostitution, landing her at the feet of Kyle Allison.  Allison, a wealthy powerbroker of the old west town of Goldfield, took young Julie into his home and made her his trophy. This life came with the gift of being taken care of and the cost of more abuse.  As Julie's time with Allison is coming to a dangerous close, Julie is given two chances of escape, with two very different men...  The story of PAINTED WOMAN is two distinct chapters in Julie's life, with each chapter mirroring the other.  Chapter one follows Julie meeting Frank. It is told mostly at night in the town of Goldfield.  Chapter two follows the Mustanger. It takes place in the wilderness and is told mostly during the day. Being sixteen it's easy. Being sixteen and have to go to school every day, it's not. It's even harder being sixteen and have to go to school and fall in love with Fernando, the boy from the other class. It's easy to be Jaqueline. But it sucks being Jaqueline and know Fernando doesn't care at all. Veronica Love seems to have it all...she's smart, sassy and sexy and has a career as one of the most successful real estate entrepreneurs in California. Affectionately known as Love by her girlfriends Beverly and Charity, Love also happens to be happily single and loving every minute of it. She has no shortage of flings with the many boy toys and playthings that cross her path all because she doesn't believe in true love. Enter the sexy and mysterious business acquaintance Lance Peterson. Love has never felt this way about any man before and thinks that he could possibly be "the one" as their feelings for one another grow deeper by the moment. Lance is harboring a few tightly-wound deep secrets of his own that soon unravel and are revealed to her. Will his shocking revelation be enough to bring Love's world crashing down around her or will Love be able to survive his secrets with her heart still intact? The film is the narrative which emerges through various decades, encapsulating the lives of four people and their love lives while sending across a strong message relatable to the common man. Four individuals, each with their own dreams and aspirations, land up in jail. They meet a school teacher who not just shows them hope but also stirs up a passion towards reform. Mehmet who is an idealist advertising photographer, has just separated from his girlfriend Selin. He deeply suffers from love pain but doesn't lose his hope of regaining her. Then he meets the mysterious Defne, who encourages him to take action before everything is too late. With the other close friends of Mehmet, they make a secret plan to bring back the lost love, Selin who is a very popular singer now, and the hopeful adventure which no one is sure of its ending whether it will be happy or not, begins.  After he inherits some money, Harold Bissonette ("pronounced bis-on-ay") decides to give up the grocery business, move to California and run an orange grove. Despite his family's objections and the news that the land he bought is worthless, Bissonette packs up and drives out to California with his nagging wife Amelia and children. Two friends, Ram Bharose and tech genius Cyberjeet, create a website that helps lovers to elope. The site is an instant hit; young couples line up for the opportunity to escape strict families and run away with the ones they love. Hans calls his girlfriend Heinz, which tells you everything you need to know about their relationship. They're a typical couple who're stuck in a rut after eight years. Hans works at a copy shop and Heinz is an actress relegated to voicing a cartoon stoplight. On their anniversary, they go to the movies. It's a romance. But the spark on screen just doesn't strike them. When Hans gives Heinz's ex her phone number instead of putting up a fight over her, Heinz' alarm bells go off: How can this be love? They decided to make a list of everything than makes up a real love: Romance, desire, passion, jealousy, drama - deep feelings, in other words. Hans and Heinz methodically start checking off their list and realize: Real life is nothing like the movies. From feminist director and provocateur Monika Treut comes this eclectic collection of four short documentaries profiling unconventional women. One has Camille Paglia explaining her ways of thinking. One has Annie Sprinkle explaining her approach to performance art, which includes inviting audience members to view her cervix with a speculum. One interview investigates a professional woman's preoccupation with sadomasochism. The fourth documents the life adjustments of an F2M (female-to-male) sex change who looks like a dangerous biker, with slick black hair, a matching motorcycle jacket, and tattoos. Louis and Annabel, a young couple, have to go in Barcelona. They decide to go there thanks to the car-sharing.Vinz is going to be their driver but Louis will be more and more insecure during the travel because he thinks Annabel is attracted by Vinz. Is he only parano or is there a real attraction ? Hisashi and Mai are a happy couple in their 20s who are engaged to be married. But three months before their wedding, Mai becomes seriously ill. Her heart stops momentarily, and she falls into a deep coma. Hisashi visits Mai at the hospital every day before work. With no idea if or when she will ever awake, Mai's parents encourage Hisashi to find someone else, but he refuses to give up and continues to pray for her recovery. As if his prayers are answered, Mai begins to regain consciousness several years later, and even utters a few words. But tragically, she has suffered brain damage and has no memory of Hisashi. A very busy Moscow day can drive anyone crazy... After the events in the previous film, Secret Service agent Mike Banning finds himself framed for an assassination attempt on the President. Pursued by his own agency and the FBI, Banning races to clear his name and uncover the real terrorist threat which has set its sights on Air Force One. Mami rarely leaves home since she dropped out from middle school. She has been escaping reality by immersing herself in copying her favorite manga and illustrations in her room full of books and comics. Her father, Eisuke, worries a lot about her ever since he divorced with her mother, Mika. 'Cape No. 7' director Wei Te-Sheng returns to his melodic roots with Taiwan's first musical, '52Hz, I Love You.' Cultures clash and families collide when an Iranian woman finds love with an eccentric bisexual artist. In 1891, the French painter Paul Gauguin leaves Paris and travels to Tahiti to renew his art as a free man, far from the European artistic conventionalism. On his journey of discovery, he faces solitude and disease, but he also knows the beauty of wild nature and the love of Tehura, a young native girl who becomes his wife and model. A Taiwanese girl Yuwen comes to a village of Fukushima to study abroad. She thinks falling-in-love is a stupid thing and the land is unusually dry as Yuwen's heart because of no rains. Yuwen struggles to speak Japanese but learns Japan culture and relationships from her host family and neighbors. As she opens her heart little by little, rain falls on the small village after a long time. The Wicked Queen is dead but her brother, Lord Maliss, seeks for revenge. Using the Magic Mirror to locate Snow White and the Prince, he transforms into a dragon and attacks. Maliss takes the Prince to the Realm of Doom. Snow White, with the aid of the Seven Dwarfesses, cousins of the Sevens Dwarves, must embark on a quest to save her true love. A woman tries to recover from abdominal surgery when her surgical wound awakes - hungry. An emotional drama that explores the marital crisis of a couple through turbulent times. A Chinese Singaporean chef, formerly working in Tokyo, finds himself in Okinawa begging a disgruntled old chef to teach him traditional Okinawan food. A top Japanese food critic finds herself in Singapore on an eye opening discovery of Southeast Asian cuisine. In reality both are looking for each other after an emotional breakup years ago. Emotionally crippled by their breakup he searches her home-town for her but discovers instead the art of traditional Okinawan food. Through it he learns the incredible balance of two cultures: Chinese and Japanese - a balance they never had in their relationship. When she suddenly appears in Okinawa looking to find closure he cooks and serves her their final meal. Through it she discovers what she had been yearning for all these years. A young musician travels to Burning Man, a psychedelic festival in the middle of the Nevada desert, in an attempt to get the impetuous girl he has fallen in love with. Je-In (Ha Ji-Won) is a mystery novel writer. She chases after a serial killer with her longtime friend Rok-Hwan (Chun Jung-Myung). Rok-Hwan is a detective. A handsome and mysterious man, Jason (Chen Bolin), appears in front of them.  February, 2011. In a small village of West Bengal - Swapna and Shucheta - two young women in love with each other - took their own lives, leaving a letter claiming love, life, recognition... a letter challenging violence, hate, invisibilisation. No one from their families came to claim their dead bodies. They died as they dared to love. Their bodies remained unclaimed by family and society. What if they were not dead but alive today? Like many other couples, Aparna-Kajlee from Bongaaon, Moyna-Bandana from Purulia... They died for love but still live among us. What if Swapna and Shucheta ran away and survived? How would their life together look like and their desire? If you dare Desire, is a film of possibilities. Beyond the domination of patriarchy and hetero-normativity, the women in love resist with their bodies, with their hearts. They live many lives. They die many deaths. They resist and they dream. In the daily struggles of a far-away village. In the dark glitters of a big city. Love story between a  young college student  and a house wife. Despite living in a doomed country that hangs by a thread, Joud, a handsome sound engineer meets and falls in love with strong and free-spirited Rana. The young lovers, from completely different social and religious backgrounds, are drawn closer to each other, but a drastic turn of events gets between them and Rana suddenly slips away. As her parents forbid Joud from seeing her, the young man determined to see her again, finds new means of communicating with her by convincing Marwa, her sister, to download his voice messages and secretly play them to Rana Six would-be thieves enter a prestigious dance competition as a cover for their larger goal of pulling off a major heist  A vigilante fitness instructor investigates an explosion to save the world from IQ level loss. When family conflicts arise between happy couple Hallie and Lucas on the week before their big day, their plans for a breezy wedding in the tropics take a turn and their love is tested when they are forced to put on a small town winter wedding in the snow. Chloe, a fragile young woman, falls in love with her psychoanalyst, Paul. A few months later she moves in with him, but soon discovers that her lover is concealing a part of his identity. The trajectory of a romantic couple of contemporary artists reveals how the limits, contradictions and obsessions of a romantic relationship are reflected in each of their artistic endeavors. In the wake of his father's suicide, young record collector Ollie Sway returns to the family lake house with his friend Nikolai in tow to lay claim to an invaluable jazz recording. An unexpected visit from Ollie's estranged grandmother and a chance encounter with a girl from across the lake derail their search, forcing them to confront the Sway family history and a suffering that has resounded through generations. Aliff is a socially reclusive student who has an ability to see supernatural beings from another dimension. All along, he has learnt to ignore the spirits and never tells anybody about his ability, until he is unwittingly dragged into protecting his reckless, paranormal-seeking classmates Anna and Naim. Together, the three of them find themselves in a battle of epic proportions fighting other-worldly creatures. Two sex addicts go for a vacation in Courmayeur where they hope to be cured of their problem  She's the Boss follows two co-workers whose secret relationship could compromise their jobs. Both want marriage, but neither want to quit, they comically try to sabotage one another into leaving their job. Soo-hyeon and Hye-ji are sitting on a pile of debt thanks to their husband and father who ran away in the middle of the night. Tae-san the loan shark demands the money no matter what. He rapes the mother and daughter and requires them to join prostitution. They survive day by day selling themselves until one day, Tae-san suggests a way they can clean slate over one night and that is for the mother and daughter to have the most extreme sex with one man. The Violin Player is the story of one day in the life of a Bollywood session violinist who finds expression in an unlikely place. The day unfolds to reveal startling truths about music, art, life and survival. Tells the story of a young man who is settled in his job and is now going through the exciting journey of finding love. An independent career woman who wants a family without a husband and a man who has no interest in a family of his own, one day go through something unexpected and become a family... A coffee grower, still single at 40, decides to finally start his search for love by going to the capital city on the Dominican Republic. A decadent countess (Francoise Prevost), middle-aged but still attractive, forces her young and timid daughter (Agostina Belli) to marry a rich butcher. But the couple's sexual relation is troubled, because the girl has her fair share of inhibitions. So she abandons her house and seeks refuge at her sister's place. During her absence, her husband finds consolation in his mother in law's arms.  Ji-seon is living with her sister and her husband after a divorce. Her sister Ji-yeong leaves for a work trip and Ji-seon is at home all alone with her brother-in-law. The two can't hide their sexual passion and they cross the line. Every time Ji-yeong leaves, the two enjoy risky sex... In an effort to force her boyfriend to grow up, Chloe breaks up with him thinking that he will crawl back to her. Instead, she does not hear from him for six months until she finally bumps into him only to find out that he is getting married.  Young student finds himself being transformed to a vampire after a night with a quite attractive female vampire. First, he does not quite believe it himself, but with the help of a 300 year old teacher and the handbook "vampirism - a guide to an alternative lifestyle", he finds out that blood does not taste as bad as he expected. Starring : Jassi Gill, Gauahar Khan, B N Sharma, Rana Ranbir, Karamjit Anmol    In contemporary Los Angeles, two millennials navigating a social media-driven hookup culture begin a relationship that pushes both emotional and physical boundaries. A romance-comedy film directed by Jayatheertha, starring Sathish Ninasam and Sruthi Hariharan in the lead roles. Brooklyn mobster and prolific hit man Jimmy Conlon has seen better days. Longtime best friend of a mob boss, Jimmy is haunted by the sins of his past--as well as a dogged police detective who's been one step behind Jimmy for 30 years. But when Jimmy's estranged son becomes a target, Jimmy must make a choice between the crime family he chose and the real family he abandoned long ago. Now, with nowhere safe to turn, Jimmy has just one night to figure out exactly where his loyalties lie and to see if he can finally make things right. Shahid struggles to find love in the Asian community due to the stigma of his divorce, several years prior. In 2041, humans live side-by-side with robots and androids. A well-known cybernetic engineer, Alex Garel, returns to his hometown to create a new model of robot child. Randy commits a crime that would normally get him probation and a hefty fine, but in the "three-strikes" world of justice, he finds himself locked up for 25 years. His cellmate Jake is a congenial yet remorseless lifer who casually informs Randy that he slit his wife's throat because she slept with another man just three months after they exchanged vows. Jake recognizes Randy's fear and offers him advice on how to make it in prison. But it soon becomes clear that Jake has much more than mentoring in mind as he takes Randy under his wing. "Jailbait" sets a darkly cerebral tone, juxtaposing brutality with the unattainable ideal of intimacy in the harshest of psychological environments. For these two men so yearning to be anything but who they are and where they are, power is the goal, and it's never clear who truly holds it right up to the last unsettling moment Six would-be thieves enter a prestigious dance competition as a cover for their larger goal of pulling off a major heist Terri is a devoted wife and mother of two, living an ideal suburban life in Atlanta when Colin, a charming but dangerous escaped convict, shows up at her door claiming car trouble. Terri offers her phone to help him but soon learns that no good deed goes unpunished as she finds herself fighting for survival when he invades her home and terrorizes her family. Living goddess Kumari becomes friends with six people who enjoy happy lives. Liu (Stephen Fung) awaits execution after he is convicted of murdering his friends. According to Chinese superstition, the souls of the dead have 49 days to wander the earth before going to heaven or hell for an eternity. Liu and his lawyer (Gilian Chung) must find a way to intersect with the spirits to prove his innocence. Once upon a time, in a far away, across the dark jungle, a castle in the sky, there lived a king of Evils with his evil guards. One day, one of his magicians showed the magic mirror and shows a beautiful human girl in this mirror, and told that if he wants to continue to be a king he must marry this girl. The story of "The Evil Marriage movie" revolves around the character of "Nur" (a human girl) who was kidnapped by the Evil's king guards and took her to unfamiliar world where she will have to marry the evil in order for others to live. But, there is someone who sneaks into the dark jungle to reach the evil castle and rescues her. Two mercenaries try to clean up their life but are unable to. Love can be bitter, sweet, or spicy.  The film revolves around three couples from Beijing, Hangzhou and Chongqing. Isabelle, Parisian artist, divorced mother, is looking for love, true love, at last. In the summer of 1979, gay porn producer Anne sets out to film her most ambitious film yet, but her actors are picked off, one by one, by a mysterious killer. The second televised production of "A Midsummer Night's Dream" with Helen Mirren in the cast, although this time in a different role (Titania). In the 1968 production, which was released to movie theatres in Europe, but premiered in the U.S. on CBS-TV, Ms. Mirren played Hermia. Ale and Anya first met on a flight from Jakarta to Sydney. Anya was lured on the first three minutes, seven hours later they were sitting next to each other and getting to know each other through conversations and laughter, and eight minutes before separating Ale was sure he wanted Anya. Leon is in his mid-twenties and terminally ill. He invents a technology that allows him to computerize his mind and live forever. This technology will be the downfall of mankind, so freedom fighter Aqua travels back from the future to kill him. The two fall in love and turbulent events follow. Reuben, a sensitive writer, grapples with a speech impediment as his boyfriend, Derek, a profoundly deaf Human Rights activist, provides strategies to restore his confidence and communication skills. When Reuben approaches an over-the-hill film producer with his autobiographical screenplay, the producer betrays him and Reuben is forced to overcome the long-term effects of bullying in order to succeed.  Zander Raines, a dazzling and tempestuous young choreographer, gives the break of a lifetime to two hopeful artists when he casts a stunning contemporary dancer, Barlow, and innovative pianist, Charlie, in New York's most-anticipated new Broadway show: Free Dance. But the move throws off the show's delicate creative balance when Charlie falls hard for Barlow while Zander embraces her as his muse. After 39 years together, Ben and George finally tie the knot, but George loses his job as a result, and the newlyweds must sell their New York apartment and live apart, relying on friends and family to make ends meet. Days before graduation, two college best friends go on one last road trip where they settle how they really feel for each other. Man who talks with a ghost called Black Monk is forced to see a doctor. After the treatment, he loses his ability to communicate with the ghost, becoming angry, violent and utterly unhappy. Soo-hyun comes across magical pills that allow him to go back and forth in time. 30 years to the past, young Soo-hyun meets future Soo-hyun and learns that his girlfriend will soon die because of him. In order to save her, the two Soo-hyuns try to change the past together, but a completely new and unexpected past is formed that leads to a new future. Forced to give up his land and home, Texas rancher Red Bovie isn't about to retire quietly in a dismal trailer park. Instead he hops in his Cadillac and hits the road with his estranged grandson for one last wild adventure filled with guns, women and booze. It's just another night in Old Mexico. One evening, Hammer gives a ride to Christina, an attractive hitchhiker on a lonely country road, who has escaped from the nearby lunatic asylum. Thugs waylay them and force his car to crash. When Hammer returns to semi-consciousness, he hears Christina being tortured until she dies. Hammer, both for vengeance and in hopes that "something big" is behind it all, decides to pursue the case. This is what it looks like when Lena Dunham, Spike Jonze, Avicii, Vanessa Hudgens and Michael Shannon get together. Dunham wrote a short film for Sunday night's YouTube Music Awards about a heartbroken guy (Nick Lashaway) whose ex-girlfriend (Hudgens) is hooking up with a daft DJ (Shannon). Things start to look up for the protagonist when he meets an impetuous young woman (Dree Hemingway), but the pleasure is only fleeting thanks to the film's finale, which was chosen by the viewing audience: "a double tragedy" in the vein of "Romeo &amp; Juliet" set to the beat of Avicii's "Wake Me Up" and played for laughs. Yuvaan is a friendly 19 year old college boy. The story begins with Yuvaan falling from a balcony with a diary, and being taken to the hospital. An inspector comes for investigation and finds out that he is the same guy who was there in the mms scandal. He starts thinking that if Yuvaan wanted to commit suicide then why with the diary . Then he starts reading the diary. They're two best friends, a million miles from home. On an incredible adventure, beyond the boundaries of space and time. A fantasy about a lonely boy who is transferred from his dull life with his adoptive parents to the land where his real father is the king.  Small-town boy Shawn MacArthur has come to New York City with nothing. Barely earning a living selling counterfeit goods on the streets, his luck changes when scam artist Harvey Boarden sees that he has a natural talent for streetfighting. When Harvey offers Shawn help at making the real cash, the two form an uneasy partnership. The gleefully irreverent Jefferies skewers "grabby" celebrities, political hypocrisy and his own ill-advised career moves in a brash stand-up special. After a spending the night with his girlfriend Alice (Jeanne Moreau), trucker Jean (Jean Gabin) encounters a dead body on the road home. He reports the incident to the police who suspect that Jean was responsible for the death and his new truck is impounded. To make matters worse, the man's widow accuses Jean of having robbed her husband of a large amount of money that he was carrying. And then there's that gang of sinister crooks who also are harassing him. Jean is a victim of circumstance and forces beyond his control are closing in on him. But Alice gives him a measure of comfort and stability. With her as his emotional base, he manages to rouse his trucker friends to turn the tables against the gangsters who are pursuing him.  The story begins again when Kao (Asia) decides not to have sex for 30 days according to a fortuneteller's advice but Nut (Arm Rattapon), his co-worker, asks to stay with him for a while. Sometimes Nut sleeps in his underwear driving Kao out of control but the more he tries to control, the worse he falls for Nut. In a restaurant where Kao and Nut work for, there are 2 transwomen, Tangkwa (Tanwarin) and Bua (Jennie), having a crush on Kao in the same time so they fight with each other just to win Kao. They are willing to risk losing their long friendship for a waiter they just meet. One day Hanoi (Thanapat), a gay brother, comes to visit his sister who is a restaurant owner. Hanoi tells his sister that he wants to become an air hostess but he can't swim so Game, a restaurant's helper, is assigned to help train swimming and that leads Hanoi to feel something different in his heart. They fall in love and they fight for the love they believe it belongs to everyone equally. Violet is a chemist who is carrying on the legacy of her Belgian family's perfume company by recreating her late father's secret formula. A couple of exchange students talk about their life on the other side of the globe. The journey of young adults on their first big adventure in life. A woman who worries about her love life as she, in a few years will be turning 30, and is obsessed and desperate to meet the one. She then meets a man who, coincidentally, shares the name with the guy in her dreams, making her think that destiny is at work, Juan Carlos returns to the Dominican Republic to reunite with his longtime fiancee, only to find her already married and pregnant. Sunk into despair and with nothing to do, he meets Patricia, who will change his life. Maya, a 19 year old queer pixie, gets romantically involved with her sexually fluid insta-crush and unknowingly inserts herself into a twisted love triangle. In the mid-1980s, the U.S. is poised on the brink of nuclear war. This shadow looms over the residents of a small town in Kansas as they continue their daily lives. Dr. Russell Oakes maintains his busy schedule at the hospital, Denise Dahlberg prepares for her upcoming wedding, and Stephen Klein is deep in his graduate studies. When the unthinkable happens and the bombs come down, the town's residents are thrust into the horrors of nuclear winter.  Tonya Mimms is a successful artist who feels firmly footed in her rise to fame until her ascent is challenged in the most unexpected ways. While meandering through the throes of a love triangle, with a charismatic man and a stunningly beautiful woman. Tonya takes on an assignment that pushes her completely out of her element. Now, in the midst of total chaos, Tonya is forced to come to terms with herself, as an artist and a woman. Your soulmate is decided on your 23rd birthday. Sam and Dianna are two people who fell in love outside the system. When the system confirms that they're not soulmates. Sam teams with Reporter Alexa to fight for the love of his life. The film highlights the sacred bond with another human being through nuptial rituals and the sanctity of the institution of marriage. In this reworking of Cinderella, orphaned Connie Harding is sent to live with her rich aunt and uncle after graduating from boarding school. She's hardly received with open arms, especially by her snobby cousin Barbara. When the entire family is invited to a major social ball, Barbara sees to it that Connie is forced to stay home. With the aid of her uncle, who acts as her fairy godfather, Connie makes it to the ball and meets her Prince Charming in Ted Drake, her cousin's boyfriend. A story about the limits we live in and the impact it has on our lives when we either go beyond or when we fail to challenge our limits. When Emily, a struggling baker in a small town, receives a handmade Christmas Calendar from a secret admirer, the local residents become obsessed with finding out the identity of the sender. In an early 20th century village, a painter with an unusual commission finds two pretty girls two model for him. The girls slowly come of age while exploring their sexuality and finding liberation in a repressed society. In trouble with the local authorities, Mabel Simmons, notoriously known as Madea, is on the run from the law. With no place to turn, she moves in with her friend Bam who is recovering from surgery. Unbeknownst to Bam however, Madea is only using the "concerned friend" gag as a way to hide out from the police. When a rich Romanian lawyer aims to find his 2 long-lost sons and inheritors he places an ad in the newspaper but many crooks show up instead. Life Is Wonderful is a feel-good movie about love and longing. Best friends Mees and Boelie are spending a beautiful spring day in Amsterdam's Vondelpark. It seems like just a normal day, until they meet the young and attractive Panda. While the heat rises in the park, it's nowhere to be found between the long-married couple Etta and Ernst-Jan. Ernst-Jan suspects Etta of cheating and has his own ideas of how to catch her in the act. We also meet Rosa and Kees, old lovers whose paths cross after decades of not seeing each other. On this spring day in Amsterdam, their love starts blooming again. Anna parties a lot. She is 17 years old. When it comes to men, she is the "one night stand" kind of girl. But then, out of the blue, she falls in love and gets pregnant. What will her conservative mom say? Rayya, who has inborn heart disease, befriends since childhood with Nico. For Rayya, the most important person beside her mother is Nico. And Nico is keeping Rayya carefully. Nico also knows all Rayya's secrets, including the guys who had attracted her. Anyone can see that both of them have a sense of more than just friend. However, both keep that feeling to themself.  One day, Rayya surprises because the guys from his past comes together without telling her. The love letters she wrote and kept in Whisper, a pretty box engraved with heart, was sent to the boys. They are Mike, Cello, and Addin. Rayya has not lost curiosity about who sent her love letters, when Nico suddenly disappears. Rayya becomes frantic. The life of Kim Davis, the young live-in girlfriend of legendary casino owner Ray Easler, is thrown upside down when she falls for Matt Duvall, the man Ray hires to bury his $20 million fortune of silver on the floor of the Nevada desert. During a hot summer in 1990, a young man, Ray, moves into his aunt's Venice Beach home to find his direction in life. While there, he is befriended by some local criminals, a group of five brothers that soon become his surrogate family. Mitsuo Ichikawa (Yasushi Fuchikami) receives a phone call from Mitsuo Ichikawa (Shunsuke Tanaka). Their names are pronounced the same, but spelled differently using kanji. They also graduated from the same high school. Back in their high school days, Mitsuo Ichikawa (Yasushi Fuchikami) was like a subordinate to Mitsuo Ichikawa (Shunsuke Tanaka). Mitsuo Ichikawa (Shunsuke Tanaka) is now a hoodlum and tells the other Mitsuo that he killed a woman. They become accomplices and build a new relationship. When a small-town girl is diagnosed with a rare, deadly disease, an ambitious newspaper man turns her into a national heroine. When Arizona couple Dean (Chris Modryznski) and Darren's (Cole Burden) dream wedding in Niagara Falls doesn't go quite as they planned, they make the most of it in a ragtag roadside motel run by a professional shyster. RENT's Wilson Heredia, Mel Gorham, and Diane Gaidry star in Scott Rubin and J. Garrett Vorreuter's charming, offbeat romantic comedy. A Gravitas Ventures release. When faced with a lengthy prison sentence, Russ Mahler - a career criminal armed with a destructive secret - blackmails the only man that can get him off the hook, Manhattan District Attorney Graham Seifert. An ambitious politician on the rise, Graham's life is upended when Senator Monty Clemens asks him to join his ticket to become the next Governor of New York. Clemens, a corrupt politican, is currently being investigated by the D.A.'s office for a multi-million dollar embezzling scheme. This story is about a happy-go-lucky young man, Babu, who falls in love with a girl. However, he runs into a problem while convincing her father to permit them to be together. Lucas, a diamond trader who travels to Saint Petersburg to arrange a sale, discovers that his Russian business partner has left his hotel and gone to a small Siberian village, so Lucas also heads there to try find him. Bibaho Diaries is a romantic comedy about what a couple today looks like under a microscope before and after marriage - an account of all the hilarious things that bind them together and ... The story of the dysfunctional Tounsia family where Zakia, the matriarch of the family loves her son Selim to the point of enslaving the rest of the family. And the rest of the family just want one thing, and that is for Selim to get married and be out of their lives forever. A strict female CEO of an insurance company has already given up on love and believes that only the love towards a child is true and eternal. Thus, she decides to have her own child so she "borrows" sperm from a delivery man whom she hired, but things start to get out of hand when the two starts to fall in love with each other. Two Asian performers attempting to make it in New York City are brought together by serendipity, only to become rivals vying for the lead role of Mulan on Broadway. A woman travels to propose to her boyfriend. U, Me Aur Ghar is India's first web-based feature film, launched by Web Talkies- a digital home entertainment brand. The film revolves around a live-in couple, Chitti and Mittu, who begin their journey by looking to buy a house in Mumbai. It's an old fashioned boy-meets-girl story where Shourov (Arefin Shuvo), a middle-class college student and Megha (Airin), a rich overprotected girl fall in love. Megha's father will stop at nothing to keep them apart while Shourov will not marry her without her father's consent. After an unprecedented global pandemic has turned the majority of humankind into violent infected beings, Morgan, a man gifted with the ability to speak the infected's new language, leads the last survivors on a hunt for patient zero and a cure. Desire and greed intertwines the lives of a Bollywood star, his chauffeur, a prostitute and her pimp in an unlikely love story. A man who is suffering a mid-life crisis finds new meaning in his life as part of an all-male, middle-aged, amateur synchronised swimming team. 15-year-old Mike takes a job at the local swimming baths, where he becomes obsessed with an attractive young woman, Susan, who works there as an attendant. Although Susan has a fiance, Mike does his best to sabotage the relationship, to the extent of stalking both her and her fiance. The story starts with the main protagonist (Rachit) and his friend (Shikhar) entering Rachit's house. Rachit is an urbane guy and Shikhar has a 'small-town' rustic charm - the differences between them are evident during their interactions. But as the evening progresses, Rachit recollects some forgotten memories from a distant past. Together, they revisit the roads not taken; and, the lines between the past and the present get blurred. Set in Mumbai, India, this romantic drama is a contemporary take on the life and relationships of a single professional gay man - his understanding of his identity, missed opportunities, and personal choices. Fearing she may be responsible, a mental patient (Jennifer Jason Leigh) tries to unravel the mystery behind her ex-lover's (Martin Henderson) disappearance. Based on real life events, Summer of '67 brings to life the turbulent times of the sixties and the struggles faced by the men and women impacted by the Vietnam War. Young wife and mother Milly (Rachel Schrey) is forced to live with her mother-in-law while her husband Gerald (Cameron Gilliam) is away on the USS Forrestal. Kate (Bethany Davenport) must choose between Peter (Christopher Dalton) her high school sweetheart and Van (Sam Brooks) her new hippie boyfriend. Ruby Mae (Sharonne Lanier) finally finds true love with Reggie (Jerrold Edwards) only to have him whisked away by the draft. Each woman faces the question of whether or not their man will return, and even if he does, will life as they know it ever be the same? Patrick lays comatose in a small private hospital, his only action being his involuntary spitting. When a pretty young nurse, just separated from her husband, begins work at the hospital, she senses that Patrick is communicating with her, and he seems to be using his psychic powers to manipulate events in her life. Comedy romance film The story revolved around Imran and Fiza whom families are fighting a brutal battle over family's asset. Mia, an ex-prostitute, is trapped in a loveless marriage with the abusive Quan (Sunny Pang, who also stars in Headshot in this year's Festival lineup), a butcher who runs a roast meat shop. When she meets sensitive funeral director Wu, their passion for one another escalates into an affair. But the path to true love is fraught with jealousy, forcing someone to make a deadly move.  Accident prone teenager, Percy discovers he's actually a demi-God, the son of Poseidon, and he is needed when Zeus' lightning is stolen. Percy must master his new found skills in order to prevent a war between the Gods that could devastate the entire world. For the first time ever in Gujarati Cinema, Fodi Laishu Yaar presents a very young and fresh romance comedy movie based on engineering students life. The story revolves around 4 friends who also represents 4 major parts of Gujarat Bir decides to save his crush June for his friend since he had promised to save her. When a black and white TV is sent from Dubai to a family in a remote village in Calicut, it becomes the darling of its residents. While the idiot box keeps the people busy, a love story sprouts between two young hearts of the suburb. 20-year-old Kyeong-soo is a man who's full of assumptions. He learned about sex from Internet porn, but nothing about the real thing. He's only had crushes and has never even kissed before. He got embarrassed when he confessed his feelings to Ji-yeon, his crush. He comforted himself from the shame with Japanese girls in his room with his right hand. One day, he has a fight with his father and remembers his friend Baek-hyeon had invited him over to Gangwon-do. There he falls in love with his friends' mother. Written by lament  Betrayed and abandoned by her boyfriend on wedding day, Kalina has decided to open unusual business that will once and for all solve problems of male fidelity.  She decided to help women testing loyalty of their partners.  Everything goes well until Kalina has to seduce Maciej - coach and specialist in female - male affairs. His wife Beata suspects that he is cheating on her and wants to have irrefutable evidence.  Kalina, knowing class "opponent" starts working with redoubled energy, but this time all her plan goes wrong.  Maciej is not like other man whom were easily caught cheating. A crazy out of work actress, Vashti Blue (Whoopi Goldberg), spends all her time in her small apartment with her pet owl and her telephone, which she uses to try and solve all her problems with life. A chauffeur kidnaps his rich boss's dog to hold it for ransom, but when she accidentally gets the dog back, she thinks that it's the chauffeur who's been kidnapped. Adam Joan Pothan from the village Mundakkayam. One day, he unexpectedly meets a girl named Emy and they go to Scotland together. The new people he meets on his journey changes his life. The Prince of Darkness casts his undead shadow once more over the cursed village of Kleinenberg when his ashes are splashed with bat's blood and Dracula is resurrected. And two innocent victims search for a missing loved one... loved to death by Dracula's mistress. But after they discover his blood-drained corpse in Dracula's castle necropolis, the Vampire Lord's lustful vengeance begins. A love story of Joy and Ethan, Filipino workers based in Hong Kong. Ethan, a bartender, is keen on romantically pursuing Joy, a domestic helper who is wholly dedicated to providing for her family. Immu and his grandfather run a wedding company where they prevent couples from eloping until Immu gets struck by Cupid. Gregory Kingsley, a boy passed off onto social services by his natural mother and abused by his natural father, finds the foster family he is put into to be the type of family he needs and takes his natural mother to court to have her parental rights revoked so that he can be adopted by the Russes. The story is based on the real case of the boy who really did have to take this action to avoid being sent back into an unacceptable situation. Manu, a trans immigrant, must return to her native Chile after 10 years in France. In the days leading up to her departure, Manu's platonic friend Daniel proposes marriage with the intention of solving her visa issues. Manu strongly considers the offer, but she's wholly disheartened at the prospect of a life without love, romance, and sex--that is, until she meets a fellow foreigner who instills in her the hope for a romantic future. Two journalists, both working for two different news channels don't really like each other, but the equation between them changes when fate puts the two of them together in the warring backdrop of Kargil. Rehabilitation of the Hill follows two quirky, headstrong women from opposing backgrounds as they battle over their vision for an urban neighborhood in Pittsburgh while begrudgingly falling in love. Danielle makes a deadly discovery when she inherits a house from her grandmother. Something mysterious from the past is lurking deep within the shadows. A mysterious youngster kidnaps a girl a few minutes before her wedding and takes her to a secluded place in search of answers for his questions. When the chairman of a multi-specialty hospital dies mysteriously, a cop begins an investigation which leads him to find more bodies. Maksim, an investing manager, is too busy reading the news in his social network feeds fails to notice his own problems, until the news really start to influence his own life. Emma is a busy doctor who sets up a seemingly perfect arrangement when she offers her best friend Adam a relationship with one rule: No strings attached. But when a fling becomes a thing, can sex friends stay best friends? All paths inevitably end, whether we want them to or not. This is a tale about one particular path, followed by two particular people, but this is not a tale about romance, this is simply a film about beginnings and endings. Daniel and Eve are a young couple in crisis. The film follows their relationship in reverse from the end to the beginning, starting with a break up. Daniel - a level-headed, well-meaning slacker caught between his desire to make something of himself,and his student inclinations to have fun. Upon meeting Eve at a party, Daniel finds her attractive precisely because she possesses the traits he does not. As their various differences bring them together, they are forced to acknowledge their faults, many of which are reflected in the other. The true story of an unlikely romance in a Soviet labor camp. When Eva ends her ten-year relationship with Adam, he's shocked by the sudden break-up, not until he read her private journal did he realize that she has suffered 77 heartbreaks. Though unknown to the secret contained in the journal's torn-out last page, he is determined to win her back. When they finally resolve to start anew, Eva discovers his drunken tryst. Will she pardon him a 78th time? A spellbinding and romantic supernatural thriller. Ten years after an apocalyptic event left the world haunted by ghosts, Roni receives a threatening message from beyond the grave. Joining forces with a mysterious classmate, Kirk, Roni descends into a shadow world that blurs the bounds of the living and the dead-and begins a desperate race against time to stop a cunning killer.  Marriages are made in heaven! Though the road to heaven might be a little "tedha'. Meet 'Manu', a seedha saadha Doctor from London. Intelligent, temperate and from a respectable family, The perfect groom which every parent wants for their daughter. 'Family pressure' leads him to Kanpur to meet Tanu the quintessential small town girl who has studied in Delhi. Tanu is a smart, intelligent girl who will do everything that her parents will disapprove. With a mind of her own and a love for rebellion, Tanu is dead against an arranged marriage. But destiny holds something totally different for these dramatically diverse personalities. Their paths keep crossing time and again and weaves this wonderful story through the Indian heartland. A girl (Keki Adhikari) starts to develop a afair with a young man (Karma Shayka) while waiting to get engaged with her long time boyfriend. An ordinary young man, Ali, makes a living by riding an auto rickshaw in the night. One day, he meets a woman called Suhra and falls in love with her. He tries to woo her in various ways but something from his past crops up, haunting his present. Don't ask me why, but I feel we're about to cry trying. From the comfort of a sprawling Florida retirement community, entertainment producer Alvin Bojar recounts his brief foray into softcore porn production in the early 1970's. Hollywood arrives in force to Quincy, the small town where the secret Crown Cola billionaire's live. They want to film about the billionaire's and how they made their fortunes. Summer Jenkins, who was the town pariah, joins forces with the scout, Ben, and finds filming locations, extras, lessons with the town officials and house owners, etc. When Cole Masten arrives, they hate each other, but sparks fly. Cole is running from a nasty divorce, yet is captivated by Summer. Summer is dying to leave town to get away from the gossip. This is a great story about Southern customs, a Southern girl, and a Hollywood star who finds his lady. Mikami Yota is smitten with the archery of his older schoolmate Kishimoto, a high school senior who heads the archery club. Mikami clumsily conveys his ardent feelings to An, and she tries to respond to his affections. Their feelings are mutual but somehow things don't go smoothly between them, and then other guys appear on the scene to complicate things. YOUTH explores the lifelong bond between two friends vacationing in a luxury Swiss Alps lodge as they ponder retirement. While Fred has no plans to resume his musical career despite the urging of his loving daughter Lena, Mick is intent on finishing the screenplay for what may be his last important film for his muse Brenda. And where will inspiration lead their younger friend Jimmy, an actor grasping to make sense of his next performance? From the creator of Between The Tape and F1RST comes The Tipping Point, the new film from acclaimed filmmaker Clay Porter. Welcome back to the world of downhill mountain bike racing. A world covered in sweat, perseverance and desire. A world filled with dreamers. A world that was dominated in 2007 by one cunning talent: Australia's Sam Hill. Many in the know thought that Hill had both the speed and mental strength to come into the 2008 World Cup Series fast and leave it devastated and undefeated. Standing in his way was a cast of athletes from around the world that were hungry, poised and ready to take the Australian down. The Tipping Point is a group of characters that inspire, grow and dominate in a world they confidently claim as unique. The Tipping Point is downhill mountain bike racing. Jovan is a Serbian immigrant whose wife has just died in child labor. He moves to Los Angeles to live with his wife's twin sister, with whom he discovers a kindred romance. Jovan takes a job as a ride share driver, and finds himself in trouble using drugs and promiscuous sex to cope with loss. Living in a new world beyond his control, Jovan is anointed by visions of his wife that keep him on a path to salvation. An intelligence agent from Bangladesh is tasked with a secret operation in West Bengal, India. Once upon a time, in a far away, across the dark jungle, a castle in the sky, there lived a king of Evils with his evil guards. One day, one of his magicians showed the magic mirror and shows a beautiful human girl in this mirror, and told that if he wants to continue to be a king he must marry this girl. The story of "The Evil Marriage movie" revolves around the character of "Nur" (a human girl) who was kidnapped by the Evil's king guards and took her to unfamiliar world where she will have to marry the evil in order for others to live. But, there is someone who sneaks into the dark jungle to reach the evil castle and rescues her. The coming of age story of Christian youth that falls for a liberal girl in his youth group. Adapted from the bestselling novel by Madeleine St John, Ladies in Black is an alluring and tender-hearted comedy drama about the lives of a group of department store employees in 1959 Sydney. Everyone in the Osayande family worries about Isoken. Although she has what appears to be a perfect life - beautiful, successful and surrounded by great family and friends - Isoken is still unmarried at 34 which, in a culture obsessed with marriage, is serious cause for concern. Things come to a head at her youngest sister's wedding when her overbearing mother thrusts her into an orchestrated matchmaking with the ultimate Edo man, Osaze. Osaze is handsome, successful and from a good family, making him the perfect Nigerian husband material. But in an unexpected turn of events, Isoken meets Kevin who she finds herself falling in love with and he just might be what she truly wants in a partner. The only problem is, not only is he not an Edo man, he is Oyinbo (Caucasian). Isoken is a romantic dramedy that explores cultural expectations, racial stereotypes and the bonds that unite families in a touching, dramatic and comedic way. Shambu and Birju are two inseparable childhood pals. Both are into petty crime, and their crimes multiply as they grow older, getting bolder every year. When they come to know about a diamond necklace, they plan to steal it together, which they do successfully. Birju changes his mind about sharing the proceeds of this necklace with Shambu, and anonymously notifies the police that Shambu was involved in this crime. While Birju absconds, Shambu is arrested and sentenced to prison. Years later the two meet in a small village where they come to know that a box of priceless diamonds is buried nearby. The secret hiding place is known only to a mute child. Both Birju and Shambu descent in this village, with Birju is masquerading as a police inspector; and Shambu as a Catholic priest, both will now try their individual best to win the trust of this child, and grab the diamonds. Husband and wife swap roles for a week because each thinks the other has it easy. Charu lives a lonely and idle life in 1870s India. Although her husband Bhupati devotes more time to his newspaper than to their marriage, he sees her loneliness and asks his brother-in-law,Umapada to keep her company. At the same time Bhupati's own brother, Amal, a would-be writer comes home finishing his college education. However, after several months, Charu and Amal's feelings for each other move beyond literary friendship. When Elliot, a brash 23-year-old living carefree in New York City, meets the sensible Mia and receives a damning diagnosis all in the same week, his world is turned completely upside down. But as their love blossoms amidst the chaos of his treatment, they discover that Elliot's illness is not the real test of their relationship - it's everything else. A famous and a wealthy doctor, falls in love with a poor housekeeper.  Widowed businessman, Sudhirbhai lives a wealthy lifestyle with his son, Vikram, who is student at National College. He is very affectionate toward Vikram and will do anything for him. His business partner is Goswami, who is also widowed, and has two children, a son, Mahesh, a daughter, Reema, who are good friends of Vikram, and the two businessmen expect to cement their relationship by getting Reema married to Vikram. But when Reema meets and falls in love with Amit Verma, who lives with his taxi-driver dad, mom - Shanti, and sister - Munni, things change dramatically as Sudhirbhai uses his underworld contacts in order to pressurize Verma to get his son to forget Reema, and he does this by destroying his taxi by a bomb. Verma does manage to convince Amit to stay away from Reema, but both meet again and renew their love - prompting Sudhirbhai to threaten Reema that he will get Amit gravely injured...  "Citizen Ruth" is the story of Ruth Stoops, a woman who nobody even noticed -- until she got pregnant. Now, everyone wants a piece of her. The film is a comedy about one woman caught in the ultimate tug-of-war: a clash of wild, noisy, ridiculous people that rapidly dissolves into a media circus. A videogame obsessive competes for the love of his life. Martin is a young Argentinean piano virtuoso and composer. For four years, he has been a patient of El Borda psychiatric hospital. Music filled up his life. Now he is trying to return to life outside the asylum walls, while working on his new opus, "Enfermaria". Prem and Geet meet each other on the way to Kagbeni. Geet escaped from home because of her grandmother's continuous insistence to marry. Prem was on the way due to his personal deeds, but he was too pressurized to marry. Both fakes their marriage to get rid of continuous insistence, but ultimately fall in love then after. But their fake marriage creates problems and ultimately they are separated from each other. Both try to convince their parents, but fails. What will happen next? Will Prem and Geet be together? Or choose the path no one wants? A depressed man moves back in with his parents following a recent heartbreak and finds himself with two women. Hard-hearted New York novelist Dru Cassadine...known for her holiday romance stories (even though she is antilove and anti-Christmas)...is desperate to get her mojo back after a string of flops (and a not-so-subtle threat by her publisher that he'll drop her if she has another failure). She decides that a change of scenery might get her creative juices flowing and heads south for the winter, landing in a place known as Harbor Pointe. She doesn't quite get what she came for. She gets much more. Ishwor is a motorbike mechanic in Butwal and lives a simple routine life until he meets a young girl named Manjari. Manjari, daughter of a powerful landlord, falls in love with Ishwor for his simplicity irrespective of their differences. Manjari's dad decides to marry her off with another boy who matches their standard in the society. Manjari is upset by this development and goes to meet Ishwor to inform him about her dad's decision. Manjari forces Ishwor to take her away threatening to kill herself if Ishwor fails to comply. Ishwor agrees with her and takes her to Kathmandu. Chantel is a spoiled brat cursed to be a mermaid after she disturbed corals under the sea. With the help of her best friend Noah, they go on a journey to find her Prince Charming who she believes will break the curse she's in. A look at the life of Cecil Gaines who served eight presidents as the White House's head butler from 1952 to 1986, and had a unique front-row seat as political and racial history was made. A professor at the medical training college and his young student find themselves attracted to each other, although they are both married and share a good relationship with their respective wives. Penned down by internationally renowned radiologist Dr. Randhawa, Muskurahatein attempts to send out the message that it has become very common for married couples to indulge flings, owing to the easy modes of communications through social media. However, the situation is very critical and needs to be dealt with extreme caution. The movie gives a unique practical message that can save many marriages. Emerson Heights is a story of love that seeks to answer the age-old question - can you follow your passion, and still follow your heart? Pulkesh is a very usual guy with an always smiling character. He stays in Mysuru with his father who is a history teacher, his mother who is an housewife also an art lover and his sister who goes to college. The very odd and interesting thing about Pulkesh is that he has never cried from the time he was born. Gab de la Cuesta is a high-strung career woman who got recently engaged to her longtime boyfriend. Her well-planned life suddenly becomes complicated when she discovers that she is actually married to a total stranger. Anri (Anri Sugihara) becomes successful as a gravure idol and she catches the attention of men across the world, but she realizes that she forgot her wish of "I want to be an idol like the blue sea." She wants to take back what she lost, but . Three corporate women - Elsie (Monalisa Chinda), Aret (Uche Jombo) and Joke (Daniella Okeke) - in their quest to find love and explore their fantasies. A Nigerian Drama starring notable Nollywood actor Rukky Sanda. Digs a no fuss, no frills kind of guy and idealistic achiever Sam who are friends turned lovers turned exes. Their relationship as a couple lasted for almost eight years until they both decided on an amicable breakup. Yukari Kawahara (Masami Nagasawa) works at a drink manufacturer. She works hard and achieves recognition for her work. Yukari Kawahara is dating research doctor Kippei Koide (Issei Takahashi). They have lived together for 5 years. One day, Kippei Koide collapses from a brain hemorrhage. Yukari Kawahara soon learns that everything she knew about her boyfriend was a lie. She hires private detective Takumi Kaibara (Kotaro Yoshida) to investigate Kippei Koide. The fifth film in the documentary series about the lives, hopes and dreams of three lively, working class Adelaide girls since they were fourteen in 1976. A hack writer returns to his rural Irish home of Darlingford, where he encounters his dying father, begrudging family, the former flame he suddenly abandoned and a young daughter that he has never met. A day laborer searches for hope and strength after his daughter commits suicide. Love across class divisions runs afoul of parental disapproval. Bruno's plan to win back his ex-girlfriend hits a snag when he becomes attracted to her boyfriend. Shakespeare's comedy of gender confusion, in which a girl disguises herself as a man to be near the count she adores, only to be pursued by the woman he loves. Asuka Goda (Yo Yoshida) is a 40-year-old pastry chef who runs a sweets store. She works with pastry chef Seiya Hanada (Shuhei Nomura), who is younger than her, and Kenichi Gonda (Atsushi Shinohara), who wants to become a pastry chef. One day, Seiya Hanada confesses to Asuka Goda about his feelings for her. Her situation brings back bad memories to what happened 5 years earlier. At that time, Asuka Goda was in an affair with store owner Junji Awai (Kotaro Yoshida) and also in a relationship with gym trainer Shunsuke Nomura (Hiroshi Tamaki).  Asuka Goda decides to go to mysterious "Clinic Love Doc." The clinic lets people know everything about love with a gene test. Drama centred on a young wannabe in Beijing's TV world. Follows the journey of a 90-year-old atheist and the quirky characters that inhabit his off-the-map desert town. He finds himself at the precipice of life, thrust into a journey of self-exploration. Two people from different caste start to fall in love but after their parents not allowing them to stay together, they run away. This film is an African "Boyhood" that gives an insight to the political and historical situation of Burundi throughout the last 24 years through the eyes of six street children that now have become adults. Seen-it-all New York detective Frank Keller is unsettled - he has done twenty years on the force and could retire, and he hasn't come to terms with his wife leaving him for a colleague. Joining up with an officer from another part of town to investigate a series of murders linked by the lonely hearts columns he finds he is getting seriously and possibly dangerously involved with Helen, one of the main suspects. It is considered pure love when someone would lay down their life for the sake of love. "A Gas Station" is, according to this general concept, a story of pure love. The nature of love in this film looks like a gas station that stands alone in a desolate field with no trace of visitors. The ultimate thing we can be sure of in the end is the love for oneself in the course of trying to maintain love for another. The love story of Mut for Mun is mirrored in the love story of Mun for Nok, the one Mun loves. Mun in fact does not respond to Nok just like he doesn't to Mut. Pure love often requires distortion and sacrifice because of its obsession with purity, and the desire to protect it. Mun's lingering, 20-year love is another name for the barrier to Nok, and Mun sheds tears realizing his love paradoxically caused the farewell. The dreary picture of the gas station overlaps the meaning of pure love. Stillman, a heartbroken physics student, builds a time machine when his girlfriend breaks up with him. Going back in time, he attempts to save their relationship by fixing every mistake he made--while dragging his best friend along in the process. After his impetuous musician girlfriend, Samantha, dies in an accident shortly after they had a fight (and nearly broke up), a grief-stricken British businessman, Ian Wyndham, living in London gets a chance to relive the day all over again, in the hope of changing the events that led up to her getting killed. Two brothers run a public restroom when one of them meets Jaya. Lu Jin is a handsome, wealthy hotel executive whose drive for perfection is matched only by his taste for fine cuisine. When he checks into the Rosebud, he's dissatisfied with everything he sees and is ready to take action... until flamboyant female sous chef Gu Shengnan creates the perfectionist what may be a perfect meal. Now, these bitter rivals find themselves brought together in the kitchen in this light-hearted romantic comedy, infused with fun and flavors to create a delicious dish that foodies around the world wouldn't dare to miss. Storybook romances are sometimes followed by heartache, whereas true love is built on unbreakable Bible principles. Bia, Indi, and Maria are three women with different backgrounds, but they share one common interest -- diving. Three of them are united in Labuan Bajo, heaven for all divers; and yet, separated by one love interest: Mahesa, the local diving instructor. Haripada Bandwala is an upcoming Bengali movie. The movie is directed by Pathikrit Basu and will feature Ankush Hazra, Nusrat Jahan and Kharaj Mukherjee as lead characters. Other popular actors who have been roped in for Haripada Bandwala are Laboni Sarkar, Swastika, Biswajit Chakraborty, Supriyo Dutta and Rajatava Dutta. A head injury causes a woman to develop an extraordinary amount of confidence and believe she's drop dead gorgeous. Will Hunting has a genius-level IQ but chooses to work as a janitor at MIT. When he solves a difficult graduate-level math problem, his talents are discovered by Professor Gerald Lambeau, who decides to help the misguided youth reach his potential. When Will is arrested for attacking a police officer, Professor Lambeau makes a deal to get leniency for him if he will get treatment from therapist Sean Maguire. As the whole country is preparing for the World Cup, all characters are confronted with the Dutch 'Orange Fever', which seems to either bring them closer together, or drift them apart. A Jewish boy nurturing a secret romance with a Muslim girl, despite the realities of their backgrounds, is unaware he is being stalked. While the young lovers struggle to be open about their relationship, the stalker's obsession reveals a thought provoking turn culminating in the trio coming face to face.  Vinod, a young guy who is nursing a broken heart after a failed first love is helped by his friends to recover from to despair, only for Vinod to fall head over heels in love with another girl. The movie showcases, Vinod's romantic relationships and the subsequent events spanning over three stages of his life. A young bride's dream day turns into her worst nightmare. A tale about Tanya Stark, a young woman who's biological clock is ticking towards desperation. Tanya is forever getting involved with the wrong sort of guy, who is seemingly unable to be faithful. She decides to take a break from men and concentrate on herself for a change. Little did she know that she was about to bump into the man of her dreams, who would sweep her off her feet...Then the unthinkable happens. A love story of Joy and Ethan, Filipino workers based in Hong Kong. Ethan, a bartender, is keen on romantically pursuing Joy, a domestic helper who is wholly dedicated to providing for her family. A couple grapples with the difficult, lingering trauma of a sexual assault and must work out how to live with that crime, themselves, and each other. Since the invention of cinema, the standard format for recording moving images has been film. Over the past two decades, a new form of digital filmmaking has emerged, creating a groundbreaking evolution in the medium. Keanu Reeves explores the development of cinema and the impact of digital filmmaking via in-depth interviews with Hollywood masters, such as James Cameron, David Fincher, David Lynch, Christopher Nolan, Martin Scorsese, George Lucas, Steven Soderbergh, and many more. Hadiyya is mainly a story of a man and two women from different parts of India. Some interesting common elements, coupled with a few twists and turns in their life bring them together. Prashanth meets Priya on road when she is in an inebriated condition and he drops her home safely. Soon love develops between them, but her rich businessman father disapproves their love, as Prasanth is a poor guy Jocelyn is a selfish and misogynist businessman. He tries to seduce a young pretty woman by pretending to be handicapped, till the day he meets her sister, who is also in a wheelchair. Joma believes that a "life charm" would help him win money for his debts. He then accidentally meets Diane who gives him luck after they've been close to each other. Everything goes well for both of them until they discover their luck will disappear if one of them falls for the other. After a seven-year absence, Charlotte Andergast travels to Sweden to reunite with her daughter Eva. The pair have a troubled relationship: Charlotte sacrificed the responsibilities of motherhood for a career as a classical pianist. Over an emotional night, the pair reopen the wounds of the past. Charlotte gets another shock when she finds out that her mentally impaired daughter, Helena, is out of the asylum and living with Eva. Year 1942 in Mexico City, Goyo Cardenas studies biology and has a beautiful girlfriend, but Goyo also has some contained violence about to explode on the brink of World War II.  When Alita awakens with no memory of who she is in a future world she does not recognize, she is taken in by Ido, a compassionate doctor who realizes that somewhere in this abandoned cyborg shell is the heart and soul of a young woman with an extraordinary past. Four lifelong friends have their lives forever changed after reading Fifty Shades of Grey in their monthly book club. Kamio, a mistreated samurai clerk of Edo Castle, together with ronin ("Sir Quarrel") Ibara, take up a vendetta against 17 wicked castle men. Online writer Tang Nan Nan crosses path with Zhu Hou, a second-generation rich boy "sea turtle", resulting in hilarious situations and face-offs. Highlights aspects of food handling which are the personal responsibility of the food handler. Discusses the sources of potentially hazardous bacteria and the various means by which these bacteria may be transferred to food. After getting dumped on Christmas Eve, Angela must rebuild her life surrounded by her rebellious teenager, her tyrannical mother, her hysterical best friend, and a weird psychologist. Honey Daniels dreams of making a name for herself as a hip-hop choreographer. When she's not busy hitting downtown clubs with her friends, she teaches dance classes at a nearby community center in Harlem, N.Y., as a way to keep kids off the streets. Honey thinks she's hit the jackpot when she meets a hotshot director casts her in one of his music videos. But, when he starts demanding sexual favors from her, Honey makes a decision that will change her life. Former high school sweethearts reluctantly reunite for a dance competition and attempt to save the small town's failing dance studio. When Amy has nowhere to go for winter break, her friend Christine insists she come stay with her family. What begins as a dream situation turns into a nightmare when Amy starts to obsess and wreak havoc on her welcoming hosts. Stars Beth Littleford, Kate Mansi. A mysterious man, whose name is known as Yeon-woo, comes to the police station to report his wife has gone missing. Yeong-sook, the female detective, investigates the missing case along with Tae-sik.  Meanwhile, Yeon-woo's missing wife is kept in a dark room in a basement.  The wicked looking kidnapper's name is Man-sik. The horrible feeling that she might be murdered climaxes. Will Yoo-mi be murdered in the end? Robert Hightower (Mushond Lee) thinks he's got the perfect life ... until his girlfriend (Cynda Williams) discovers that she's pregnant and decides she wants to get married and "nest." In a quandary, Robert begins to buckle under the pressure as his homeboys line up to watch his back, while girlfriends of Robert's better half rush some much-needed moral support in her direction. A harmless game of "Truth or Dare" among friends turns deadly when someone--or something--begins to punish those who tell a lie--or refuse the dare. It tells the story of two people who choose to live on slightly different frequencies from other people. Andrea (Dinda Kanyadewi) has a unique and highly specialized job that requires her to work alone from night to morning in a near-empty office building. Leon (Khiva Iskak) is a writer, who goes out at night after his son falls asleep to write at his favorite coffee shop across from Andrea's building. The two could begin to notice each other's presence to their respective windows and they start to wonder about each other and themselves. Two friends, Anand and Vijay set up a business together but due to a misunderstanding, Vijay accuses Anand of cheating him and they break up the friendship. 26 years later, Karthik who is the nephew of Vijay, comes to India from abroad to help his family. However, Karthik also has a secret mission that he wants to carry out in India. What is Karthik's secret mission and is he able to help his family ? A fictionalised portrait of Polish artists W. Bakowski and Z. Bartoszek. Single mum Lena is struggling with her job: she's a writer of love songs, but because of the lack of romance in her life, she's not inspired anymore. Her friend Valerie thinks she has the perfect solution: she hires a jobless actor to seduce Lena. Set 3 years after the drama series. Kitano Yuichiro comes to give a lecture in the town where divorcee Sasamoto Sawa now lives quietly. The two meet again and their love story continue. Movie is based on the popular webcomic "Cheese in the Trap" by Soonkki which was previously adapted in the 2016 television drama series "Cheese in the Trap." Katrina dreamed of having children with Louis first, then married his best friend Ron. Louis's head is transplanted onto Ron's body after the two are involved in a serious car accident. What will become of Katrina's dream now?  In a Naples suspended between magic and superstition, madness and rationality, a mystery envelops the existence of Adriana (Giovanna Mezzogiorno), overwhelmed by a sudden love and a violent crime. A man with severe digestive issues develops feelings for his Dietitian. Problem student Haru Yoshida sits next to the cold and studious Shizuku Mizutani in class. Without any other friends to turn to, both of them start to get to know each other and grow closer. Haru eventually develop feelings for Shizuku and confesses his feelings to her. Will Haru and Shizuku get their happily ever after? A woman finds herself caught in a dilemma whether she will stay at work or pursue her passion for traveling. Maria, 30, is impatient, restless and speaks 5 languages. In Taipei she meets Olivier. He is shy, slow and can speak 14 languages. They fall in love. Then suddenly the news explodes. It's their story, a true story. Gloria is a free-spirited divorcee who spends her days at a straight-laced office job and her nights on the dance floor, joyfully letting loose at clubs around Los Angeles. After meeting Arnold on a night out, she finds herself thrust into an unexpected new romance, filled with both the joys of budding love and the complications of dating, identity, and family. Joana and Valentin Dorek are a married couple going through a crisis. This prompts them to take a trial session with a couple's therapist. In the therapist's consulting room they start off with their standard programme: she won't stop talking and he isn't even listening. The broken communication between the couple is a real challenge for the therapist. He is almost at his wits' end when his mobile rings and a surprising message brings chaos into their therapy session. On the night of the 2016 Presidential election, Cass, an L.A. club promoter, takes a thrilling and emotional journey with Frida, a Midwestern visitor. She challenges him to revisit his broken dreams - while he pushes her to discover hers. Propaganda for the so-called Islamic State New York City. David Stillwell struggles to recover his memory before the people who are trying to kill him succeed. Who is he, who are they, and why is he surrounded by murder? Wu Di (Chen Li),Zhao Yali (Bingbing Fan),Gao Yuan (Leon Lee) and Ba Tu (Guo Mingyu) passed the audit and joined a legendary China Air Force Base.Liu Haochen (Jiahang Li) is Wu's friend,he is involved in the conspiracy of the internationally terrorist.After this the Chinese government discovered that there is a big conspiracy behind all these terrorist attack.The Chinese air forces have to destroy the entire terrorist organization and the responsibility to defense the honor and the safety of The People's Republic of China fell on Wu Di,Zhao Yali and other young pilot's shoulders. Kenji is a young aspiring movie director. He falls in love with Princess Miyuki who came from a black-and-white movie. Five years after meeting her three fathers, Sophie Sheridan prepares to open her mother's hotel. In 1979, young Donna Sheridan meets the men who each could be Sophie's biological father. In this one-of-a-kind fantasy comedy, Didi is an aspiring actress trying to prove herself to her superstar sister. She keeps having the same dream about love affairs of a woman named Xu Chunmei, who owns a spaceship restaurant known for a noodle soup with ancestral secret recipe. After overcoming countless hardships, Didi finally gets her long expected career breakthrough, but life takes unexpected turns at the same time and the truths about her dreams start to unveil. A hilarious and tearful ode to the golden age of local variety entertainment, reputed TV host and best-selling author Kevin Tsai's directorial debut stars his longtime partner Dee Hsu(Little S) in the most influential TV show in the Chinese speaking world, Kangsi Coming. A shady money deal goes wrong and in the aftermath Mathan  ends up killing a police officer. Meanwhile in Kochi, his old flame Aparna  an aspiring actress is struggling to prop up her career. Mathan meets up with Aparna and tries to rekindle the past, even as the police hunt for him gets intense. After narrowly escaping the clutches of a deadly stalker, a beautiful young woman flees to a remote anonymous town where she rebuilds her life and finds the man of her dreams -- until the man of her nightmares tracks her down. Based on the novel The Purple Rose by Christi R. Walsh. 2015 Telugu Movie During the Edo period, a gifted swordsman was exiled from his clan when he questioned the misconduct of his leader. Years after, his dying wife wish was for him to go back to his clan. Keikraan Meikkiran is a Tamil movie released on 19 May, 2017. The movie is directed by Sam Emmanuel and featured Sabapathi, Aadukalam Naren and Pandi as lead characters. Other popular actors who were roped in for Keikraan Meikkiran are Jangiri Madhumitha and Sabitha Anand. Dedunu Akase  is a 2017 Sri Lankan Sinhala romantic film directed by Priyantha Colombage and produced by EAP Network Swarnavahini Production. It stars Hemal Ranasinghe in the lead role, along with newcomers Chulakshi Ranatunga and Shanel Fernando, both professional models. The music was composed by Chitral Somapala. It is the 1288th Sri Lankan film in the Sinhala cinema.  Supporting actor Dasun Nishan committed suicide on 27 September 2017, prior to the screening of the film.[8][9] The muhurath ceremony was held at Galadari Hotel, Colombo.[10] The film has received both positive and negative reviews from critics.[11] Girls family objects when she falls in love with her stalker. Set over three days, two different couples - each comprising of a teacher and a student - spend a life-changing weekend at the seaside resort town of Scarborough to seek an escape from the constraints of every day life. Explore the mysterious and dangerous home of the king of the apes as a team of explorers ventures deep inside the treacherous, primordial island. Crichton-esque techno-thriller about hackers and sysadmin fighting to escape a data center overrun by a deadly artificial intelligence. A kidnapped boy strikes up a friendship with his captor: an escaped convict on the run from the law, headed by an honorable U.S. Marshal. If he shows you who he is, believe it! Sleepy-eyed filmmaker Darrel wakes to find himself in bed with his crew member Sydney. As they begin to discuss the previous evening and tepid reviews of his new film, emotions give rise to a passionate and thoughtful relationship that once could have been if either had taken the chance. Love Me follows Western men and Ukrainian women as they embark on an unpredictable and riveting journey in search of love through the modern "mail-order bride" industry. Former childhood pals Leo and Nikki are attracted to each other as adults--but will their feuding parents' rival pizzerias put a chill on their sizzling romance? Dissatisfied with the dishonesty they see in dating, strangers Naima and Sergio make a pact to spend 24 straight hours together in an attempt to fast forward their relationship. When Ayush arrives in England to learn music, he is shocked and scared when the manor he is living in becomes haunted by spirits. To exorcise them, he seeks the help of Rose, a woman who can see and speak with them. Up-and-coming debut director Aya Igashi conveys the bond between two lonely girls in a time of abuse and depression. Yo is a timid school girl who befriends her peaceful nurse Yayoi when she is hospitalised. They meet again under different circumstances in a dark car park, where a visibly changed Yayoi earns money as a prostitute. Depressed, Yayoi initially rejects Yo's appeals to revive their bond. Nevertheless Yo shows up to her house, determined to stay for the summer. As her mother's partner turns increasingly violent towards, it's clear that Yayoi is all Yo has got. The loyal, committed and very decent Elvis (Kenneth Nkosi) leaves Johannesburg en route to pick up his best friend and best man Tumi (Rapulana Seiphemo) in Durban. The two will then journey on to Cape Town to begin rehearsals for Elvis's wedding to the beautiful Ayanda (Zandile Msutwana).But things don't go according to plan. As Tumi and Elvis struggle to find their way through the Eastern Cape they are picked up by Rose (Jodie Whittaker), a young English doctor. Now there's an unlikely trio on the road, with romantic sparks igniting.Who knows if they'll make it on time, whether the wedding will be delayed or cancelled or come perilously close to not even happening. In a desperate attempt to win a basketball match and earn their freedom, the Looney Tunes seek the aid of retired basketball champion, Michael Jordan. Ataru, who suffers from "savant syndrome," has the power to discover, observe, see through, and deduct microscopic evidence of unsolved cases. Why does he always go to the criminal sites? What explains his strange behavior? Meanwhile, a mystery unfolds with Ataru and a woman named Madoka, who is a killer. The woman possesses the same extraordinary memory and deductive reasoning abilities as Ataru. Who is she? Bitti Mishra is a bohemian Bareilly girl who falls deeply in love with Pritam Vidrohi, an author because she admires his progressive way of thinking. Finding him though proves to be as hard as looking for a needle in the haystack. So Bitti seeks the help of the local printing press-owner, Chirag Dubey on her journey of love. Telugu film from director S.S.Ravi Kumar. Sequel of film 'Shubh Mangal Savdhaan' starring ayushyaman khurana. Tammy 'hates boys' and will only settle for the kind of standards her father sets for her; both with the way he is and the 'knowledge' he imparts her with. Sanju is one of the men she dates, a man-child who refuses to grow up. But when both part ways on such uncertain terms, what brings them together again? A portrait of Alejandro Jodorowsky's young adulthood, set in the 1940s and 50s, in the electric capital city of Santiago. There, he decides to become a poet and is introduced, by destiny, into the foremost bohemian and artistic circle of the time.  "Be with Me" consists of three stories of love vs. solitude: (1) An aging, lonesome shopkeeper doesn't believe in life any more since his wife died. But he is saved from desperation by reading an autobiographical book and meeting its author, a deaf and blind lady of his own age. (2) Fatty, a security guard in his fifties, lives for two things: good food and love for a pretty executive living in his block of flats. But, if it is easy to satisfy his first need winning the heart of the distant belle is a horse of another color. (3) Two teenage schoolgirls get to know each other on the Internet. Soon they fall in love. Four stories, represented by each season, with diverse groups of people and the challenges they face after a zombie apocalypse. Trying to create a new life under the most dire of circumstances and dealing with letting go of their former lives, while coping with the constant danger of the infected. Will they survive? Will they want to? Ankush, a commitment-phobic hotelier, loves Esha, his innocent employee. Things get complicated when Esha's past proves to be a hurdle for them and he realizes that Prachi, his associate, loves him. 2017 Bengali Movie A guy who is dejected following a breakup with his girlfriend goes missing, and his family and friends launch a frantic search fearing the worst... Frank and Lindsay--two emotionally-broken strangers--meet on the way to a destination wedding. Over the course of the weekend and against all odds, they find themselves drawn together even though they are initially repulsed by one another. 'Ninnu Kori' is essentially a love story but set against an unusual backdrop. Circumstances tear a much-in-love couple apart and they have to get used to the reality -- until fate intervenes to show them life's full of surprises.  Mario and Luigi, plumbers from Brooklyn, find themselves in an alternate universe where evolved dinosaurs live in hi-tech squalor. They're the only hope to save our universe from invasion by the dino dictator, Koopa. The film represents life in a godforsaken Russian village. The only way to reach the mainland is to cross the lake by boat and a postman became the only connection with the outside world. A reserved community has been set up here. Despite the modern technologies and a spaceport nearby the people of the village live the way they would in the Neolithic Era. There is neither government nor social services or jobs. The postman's beloved woman escapes the village life and moves to the city. Postman's outboard engine gets stolen and he can no longer deliver mail. His normal pattern of life is disrupted. The postman makes a decision to leave for the city too but returns before long with no certain reason. The script is based on real characters' stories. People from the village play their own parts in the film. The search for the protagonist lasted for over a year. When Destiny, captain of three-time national champions "The Rebels," is challenged to a global cheer showdown by an edgy new team called "The Truth," the Cheer Goddess organizes a virtual battle for squads from all around the world. It seems like the whole world wants to take down Destiny and her team, and they just might succeed, unless Destiny can rise to the challenge, set her ego aside and figure out who her real friends are. "The Iron Orchard" is the story of Jim McNeely, a young man thrust into the vibrant and brutal West Texas oilfields in 1939, who works his way through the ranks to ultimately become a formidable wildcatter. While Shekhar (Rajendra Kumar) falls in love with and weds Bela (Saroja Devi), the daughter of a wealthy businessman, Shekhar's sister elopes with a common thief whose family is planning to discredit her sibling. When an expensive necklace disappears, Bela's suspicions about her spouse put their union in jeopardy in this affecting film directed by T. Prakash Rao. The supporting cast includes Jayshree Gadkar and Shubha Khote. An engineering graduate with a loving family and a caring lover, decides to go against a vindictive politician and his son who threaten to hurt his loved ones. Ram is a photographer and nature lover who travels all around India capturing moments. On a chance visit to his hometown Tanjavur, he goes into his school and begins to walk down memory lane to 1994 when he was a student harboring feelings for his classmate Janu. A second generation Pakistani-American arrives in his family's ancestral town, to discover his place in the world and confronts a beautiful historic culture rife with deeply ingrained gender inequality and subjugation of women. 16-year old Rhiannon falls in love with a mysterious spirit named "A" that inhabits a different body every day. Feeling an unmatched connection, Rhiannon and "A" work each day to find each other, not knowing what the next day will bring. Mansoor, a reserved and reticent Pithoo (porter), helps pilgrims make an arduous journey upwards to the temple town. His world turns around when he meets the beautiful and rebellious Mukku who draws him into a whirlwind of intense love. In the midst of an arduous divorce battle, a real estate tycoon opts for a life of partying and sex until feelings for his childhood friend surface. Women seeking therapy from a relationship counselor are programmed, via the Love Machine, to brutally kill their mates when a hypnotic response triggers their homicidal rage. Chinese romance film directed and co-written by Kwak Jae-yong, starring Oho Ou, Zhang Huiwen, Yang Zi, Wang Zhi, and Yao Lu. The film is an adaptation of Kyoichi Katayama's 2004 novel Socrates in Love. Crying Out In Love was released by Beijing Enlight Pictures on 26 August 2016 There is 'Si-hyung' who wants to be a novelist but has never completed one yet. He promises to write an essay every month to his cousin's husband 'Jong-pil' while drunk. He doesn't have any source to write, however, he experiences special meetings one day in a month. 7 months and 7 meetings. This is the story of those one day's. A young musician, Rayyan, falls in love at first sight with Ruba. Ruba has no interest in Rayyan as she is happily engaged to Murad. What follows is a pursuit of true love by a passionate young boy. An aspiring filmmaker, who is also down on luck, goes to Singapore to meet a producer, but what follows is misadventure after misadventure, with a dash of romance thrown in. light comedy depicting prevalent social evils, general apathy of people and resolve of some to fight improve the life and surrounding around them. Japanese melodrama Sex comedy takes a look at contemporary dating mores and hypothesizes that the new dating location may be the dog walk in the park. A mild-mannered man loses his present girl friend to another man. His attraction to a kid's TV show hostess goes nowhere because of her obsession with her dog, Peanut. He then gets hooked up with an overly exuberant blonde who overwhelms him. He even lost his collie, Mogley, when his girl friend moved out. In a funny sub-plot, the collie is going to a doggie psychiatrist who determines the dog is being traumatized by his mistress' sexual antics. Jeri and Jeff are best friends whose constant smooching simply makes the leads life less comfortable. All-stars from the previous Step Up installments come together in glittering Las Vegas, battling for a victory that could define their dreams and their careers. Futing, who returns to the tribe on vacation, is suddenly told to replace his grandfather to participate in Sacepo' (sea festival). However, as it's already difficult for Futing to speak his own mother tongue, how could he catch fish in the sea? Just when he is about to escape, he meets Lisin, a lovely girl who stays in the tribe to work in exchange for board and lodging. Her eyes are full of admiration immediately when she hears that Futing is going to participate in the sea festival. In order to win the hearts of Lisin, Futing tries his best to learn how to fish in the sea. Based on the novel of the same name by Suri Ryana, the story is about Bella, a student who studies in a South Korean university. During her semester breaks, she decides to spend her free time in Malaysia. However, her calm and peaceful life turns upside down after she gets into an accident with a Malay-Korean guy named Danial Lee Jae Hwan. In the meantime, Bellas sister asks her to make kimchi as a welcome gift for her companys president. However, Bella soon finds out that the company president is Danial. Things get more out of hand when the families from both sides decide to unite both of them as a married couple. Prem Geet 2, a sequel to 2016's Prem Geet, is a musical and tells the story of Prem and Geet, its two protagonists, and their journey from Burma to Martha, a rural village in Mugu, Nepal. Encounter of two people who seem to share an interest in an artist who committed suicide. A love story between a bad boy named Nathan, and a girl named Salma. Nathan also have to deal with his family problem. The bags belonging to a young man about to break up with his lover, two bumbling criminals planning a bomb blast, a man circulating counterfeit currency, and a couple paying ransom to save their daughter get mixed up leading to so much confusion. A yuppie who just got lucky is struck by a string of unlucky circumstances; a male model's life is upended because of evil boils appearing on his body; a folk singer's romantic ideals are put to the test as his beloved slowly changes into something he does not understand. These three funny, sometimes absurd, sometimes terrifying, and ultimately compelling stories make up "Triptiko." Naoki once had it all - the fast car, the executive home. Boss of his own business he lived the good-life when Japan's economy was at it's height. Then the bubble burst - and he met Yoshie. On December 10, 2010, Sotheby's auctioned off what could be considered the most important historical document in sports history -- James Naismith's original rules of basketball. "There's No Place Like Home" is the story of one man's fanatical quest to win this seminal American artifact at auction and bring the rules "home" to Lawrence, Kansas, where Naismith coached and taught for over 40 years. The son of an American coffee importer forms an unlikely bond with his Colombia counterpart. This romantic comedy follows the pairing of two 20-somethings thrown together by a business feud that may result in an even more unlikely romance. Raja Meeru Keka is a romantic comedy entertainer film directed by Krishna Kisore T and produced by Raaj Kumar M under R K Studio's banner while Sricharan scored music for this movie  Revanth, Lasya and Noel Sean are played the main lead roles along with Taraka Ratna seen in a important role in this movie. 'Pelliki Mundu Prema Katha' is all about a guy who gets to meet his dream girl after his marriage. His trials with two women are discussed in the film. College student Asako falls in love at first sight with Baku after meeting at a photography exhibit. Romance sparks between the two but doesn't last long when Baku suddenly disappears from her life. Two years later, she spots a man that bears a striking resemblance to him. Even though it is only his physical similarities to Baku that attracted her to him, she doesn't say so and starts dating the soft-spoken young man called Ryohei. High School student Miyui Mashio is really struggling. She can't fulfill her dream of becoming an idol and her parents are always fighting. Suddenly, she finds a genie in a bottle and through an accident, finds herself back in 1991. She realizes she is now going to school with her parents. But the problem is, her parents do not seem to get along - so Miyui will never be born! Miyui learns her father is interested in idols and so together with her mother and other girls she forms the idol group AGS16 to make sure her parents will eventually fall in love.  After returning from a wedding reception, a couple staying in an isolated vacation house receive a knock on the door in the mid-hours of the night. What ensues is a violent invasion by three strangers, their faces hidden behind masks. The couple find themselves in a violent struggle, in which they go beyond what either of them thought capable in order to survive. Businesswoman Gia Rossi is determined to be successful in her new job, but when her ex lover Jax Rutledge waltzes back into her life, their passionate connection ignites not only in the boardroom, but the bedroom. Teo has a good job, a fiancee, a lover, no intention to assume any responsibility in his life. The meeting with Emma, a blind woman, will upset his convictions.  In 1852, the mountain village in Provence where Violette lives is brutally deprived of all its men after the repression of the republicans ordered by Napoleon III. Women spend months in total isolation, desperate to see their men again. In this situation, they make an oath in case a man arrives in the village. When Andrew was four years old his father learned he had ALS, a fatal and incurable illness. Seventeen years later and now a filmmaker, Andrew documents the experience of Brad, a father with three young boys who also has ALS. What emerges is a portrait of two families documenting the struggles and hopes that they share. In this captivating Depression-era melodrama, impetuous veterinary student Jacob Jankowski joins a celebrated circus as an animal caretaker but faces a wrenching dilemma when he's transfixed by angelic married performer Marlena. After her fiance is falsely imprisoned, a pregnant African-American woman sets out to clear his name and prove his innocence. A young man experiences an internal crisis, on the night his mother dies.  Based on the homonymous work of Dias Gomes , The Well Beloved tells the story of the mayor Paraguassu Odorico, whose primary goal in his administration in the city of Sucupira is the inauguration of a cemetery. One side is supported by the sisters Cajazeiras. On the other, he has to fight against strong opposition led by Vladmir, owner of rag city. For lack of a corpse, the mayor can never accomplish his goal. Not even the arrival of Ernesto - a dying man who does not die - and hiring Zeca Diabo, a bandit killer, provide him with the realization of his dream. Odorico gun situations for someone to die, but the first body to be buried in Sucupira may be the mayor himself, that the hunter becomes the hunted and goes from villain to martyr. ALAN  a successful TV producer of popular but bubble-headed sci-fi series, is about to get married to his beautiful fiancee, JENNIFER, the voluptuous but vacuous star of his hit TV show, "Porthole." To celebrate, they schedule a destination wedding in Palm Springs, where he holds a reunion of his closest friends from college. Arriving in Palm Springs to celebrate are a diverse range of characters including his best friends KEVIN , now an attorney who has given up his dreams for the future, his ex-wife GABRIELLE , who is going through a mid-life crisis of her own and has taken up with a young and wild 20 year old, AMBER, the pretentious and prurient blogger IAN , his old college roommate MITCH, a successful and well-adjusted dentist and STEVEN, who is attending with his new boyfriend STEPHEN. Ratna works as domestic live-in help with Ashwin, a man from a wealthy family. Although Ashwin seems to have it all, Ratna can sense that he has given up on his dreams and is somewhat lost... On the other hand, Ratna who seems to have nothing, is full of hope and works determinedly towards her dream. As these two worlds collide and the two individuals connect, the barriers between them seem only more insurmountable... A rock-star who stopped singing after the death of his brother finds a female genie in a vase. She tries to help him live again. A reckless night of indiscretion and lust leads a woman into the dark world of blackmail and murder. When revealing photos of her sexual tryst unexpectedly surface, Katy is forced to submit to whatever her tormentors desire. Aprilyn who is left by his groom on the day of their wedding becomes viral online. Devastated, she meets Raffy who works at a PR agency hired by the father of the groom who will help her move on. An electric collection of the latest, award-winning lesbian and feminist short films exploring fantasies, dreams, desires, love and transgression. Featuring chance encounters, teenage lust, girl fighters, self-conscious dolls and rampant zombies alongside journeys of self-discovery, the fight for equality and a playful take on stereotypes. GIRLS ON FILM 2: BEFORE DAWN takes you on an incredible adventure from America to Australia through Iceland, the UK and Algeria into worlds beyond. During shopping for Christmas, Frank and Molly run into each other. This fleeting short moment will start to change their lives, when they recognize each other months later in the train home and have a good time together. Although both are married and Frank has two little kids, they meet more and more often, their friendship becoming the most precious thing in their lives. When Jia Xin runs away from her wedding, her friends are forced to come to terms with their own personal issues. A romantic story of Ishaan ( Yash ) and Khushi ( Sanjana ) - two different people, with a different perspective on love, life and philosophies. How their love blossoms, misunderstandings happen due to their ego. This is about how their relationship evolves. Written by padmashri "What a Damn Circus" - A young university student Hugo falls in love with promising violinist Agnes, but something happens that changes his life completely. Moving on, the story turns into a romantic drama-comedy with great portions of humour and warmth, as Hugo ends up at Circus Margot and is drawn into that absorbing existence. Bombay Summer explores the fleeting and delicate friendship between three young people in Mumbai, India. The film follows their journey of discovery, love and loss. A young villager woos the daughter of a rich man hoping that her father would do good for his village. What he doesn't know is that the father is actually waiting to take revenge on the villagers for a slight made years ago. A delirious puppet-theatre libretto that depicts two lovers nostalgically yearning for the good-old-primordial-soup days of yore. In 1968 the lives of a retired doorman, hotel manager, lounge singer, busboy, beautician and others intersect in the wake of Robert F. Kennedy's assassination at the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles. Sex columnist Josie Hart makes her readers fantasies come true, but she's about to live one of her own. Where There is Life follows the journey of Margaret Lee, her husband Stephen and their daughter Imogen, after Margaret is diagnosed with Motor Neurone Disease in late 2010. Matchbox Twenty's iTunes Festival Performance Be part of the action at this year's iTunes Festival. Harriet, a comic book artist with a secret, and her reckless BFF, Reba, take their '76 AMC Pacer on the open road and instead get a wild ride towards an impending nuclear apocalypse.  Centred around Ronnie, a struggling restaurateur who is mired in debt and the fallout from her previous short-lived romance with British actor Henry. Ronnie's now living with laidback, loyal Jeff, but her world is turned upside down when Henry returns to Australia with his French lover Sophie in tow. Written by comedian Peter Helliar, I LOVE YOU TOO stars Brendan Cowell as Jim, a 30-something emotionally stunted man whose inability to declare his love to his girlfriend, Alice, threatens to cost him the best thing he ever had but leads him to befriend a talented dwarf who helps him find the words to get her back. A man watches his life unravel after he is left by his blind girlfriend. A loose fictitious of Charlie Parker's last years and a portrait of the jazz scene in 1960's New York. The quirky Dutch-Jamaican Hadiah Tromp (21) is the daughter of Navy officer Tromp, who believes his daughter is a perfect fit for the Navy. But Hadiah doesn't like her Navy training. She prefers to stay at home and listen to her collection of old Ska records. When her boyfriend cheats on her, she decides to finish her Navy training. But Hadiah has difficulties feeling at home in the disciplined and closed environment of the naval frigate and she has constant collusions with the handsome but stern Sergeant Major Paul Borremans. Can the impulsive Hadiah stand tall in the Navy world full of rules? Or is she forced to leave the ship early? Multiple coincidences and a chance meeting bring together Alice and Jack, two strangers from very different family backgrounds, for an unexpected Christmastime courtship filled with personal revelations, misread signals, and a very real health scare that will either destroy or strengthen the budding romance. Santiago Sarka is the ruthless head of his own criminal empire in Los Angeles, and he doesn't feel the same way as his brother, Antonio. He owns the mayor, other city officials and high ranking police officers, controls the drug cartels and holds the city and its people captive. He senses an ominous shift is coming, and he'll put everything on the line to keep his brother out of the way. A teenage boy causes problems on an everyday basis. He falls in love with a transfer student and becomes close to her, but he keeps thinking about his first love from early childhood that he couldn't confess his feelings to. Dan Freilich (30), a handsome and dozy nerd, was sure that his life were all planned out for the next 50 years. pretty soon he was also supposed to get married, to his high school sweetheart. That's all you need, isn't it? Apparently not. Hideo's a nerd and a virgin, and he's probably going to stay that way. But when a hot new girl joins his class, he falls for her hard. Hideo's a nerd and a virgin, and he's probably going to stay that way. But when a hot new girl joins his class, he falls for her hard. Karina is doing her best to have the first happy relationship ever. Unfortunately, the man to whom she gave her heart, seems to be more interested in himself than her. One unforeseen event and one little lie will change Karina's organized life into an emotional and hilarious roller-coaster. It soon turns out that other people around Karina have their little secrets, too. When the truth comes out, everyone will have to finally put their relationships and in their hearts in order. Lara Jean's love life goes from imaginary to out of control when her secret letters to every boy she's ever fallen for are mysteriously mailed out. Klara, devoted to her work as a tax inspector, becomes infatuated with the dashing but irresponsible and cynical Marian who is about to be charged with tax evasion. Ash, Shannon, and Wendy are all late. You know... LATE. As their collective anxiety grows, they band together to face their fears, confront the potential fathers, and egg a car or two. All part of the world's first maybe shower. Just how far would you go to get financing for your business? Donald Chandler is the owner of a restaurant who suddenly finds himself without a business or a job when his wife leaves him, taking the deed to the eatery with her. Eager to start over, Donald goes into a business partnership with Miguel Sanchez, a gardener who was taking care of Donald's lawn until he won a fortune in the lottery. ARRANGED centers on the friendship between an Orthodox Jewish woman and a Muslim woman who meet as first-year teachers at a public school in Brooklyn. Over the course of the year they learn they share much in common - not least of which is that they are both going through the process of arranged marriages. They fell in love and swore to always be together, until a strange twist of fate reveals them to be more than just lovers. To what extent will they go to protect their love? An enthralling &amp; action-packed comedy-thriller, full of blistering excitement. Paula, who is beautiful and full of life, ends with her boyfriend and is left devastated; her friends Fer and Jen decide to create a plan to find her the ideal boy: to find a virgin guy who can fall in love with her. Anni, a daughter of a wealthy family and used to secure life, falls in love with Veikko, a war invalid of the Continuation War. Anni leaves her past behind her and starts leading the life of a pioneer, in the wild forests of northern Karelia, in a settlement farm. After a rosy start, the fate crushes Anni's dreams and her love for Veikko is put to a test. Miki Takaraishi is a smart and beautiful 24-year-old woman, but her personality is not as good. She falls in love with Yuga Saito who is handsome and comes from a politician family. They see each other romantically, but Yugo Saito dumps Miki Takaraishi. To get revenge on Yuga Saito, she decides to run for prime minister. For her election campaign, she hires Toshiya Kadowaki as her campaign strategist. When single mom Megan Nolan moves to a new town, she feels guilty for uprooting her ten-year-old daughter Caitlin. Seeing that the little girl's only friend is a neighbor's dog, Megan decides to adopt a shelter pet for Caitlin. She immediately regrets her decision when Caitlin gravitates to the biggest, sloppiest dog in the pound, Jake. Megan's beautiful new home is now in shambles and, as Megan considers returning Jake to the shelter, handsome ballplayer Ben shows up claiming Jake is his dog, the regrettable outcome of his roommate leaving a gate open. Megan and Ben butt heads. Ben wants to take his dog and leave, until he sees that Caitlin loves Jake as much as he ever could. Now it is clear: the pound puppy everyone loves deserves no less than joint custody. Love with a clerk (Florence Rice) and a robbery by gangsters preoccupy a department store's new owner (Robert Young).  This film is a portrait of life, a portrait of people with varying life plans. It asks the meaning of life, about how to fill the gap between birth and death, and what is happiness. Short documentary pieces tell the stories of some very different protagonists of a generation: from the forest-owning family in their stately home to the factory worker following her daily routine. A disillusioned London chef visits Nigeria and struggles with her matchmaking mother and restoring the family's rundown hotel. She's heartbroken when she discovers the man she loves is buying it. Indy Zimmerman's life is far from perfect. With a step mom who seems to make it her goal in life to make indy's life horrible, step sister's who want nothing to do with her, and a boy who ruined her life suddenly wanting to be a part of it, life is already more than difficult. throw high school, relationships and tragity in the mix and things couldn't be worse. When the most popular boy at school, Bryant Bailey, kills her cat, Indy wants nothing to to with him, but he seems set on being a part of her life, and after all attempts of getting rid of him fail, she decides to give him a chance. He might not be her type but Indy quickly learns first impressions can be wrong. When Laura begins to suspect her husband is cheating on her, she is devastated by his infidelity, despite having a torrid affair of her own. While she desperately tries to save her marriage, Laura's mysterious past begins to emerge, making her more paranoid, delusional and violent in alarming ways. As her mental state continues to unravel, whoever gets in the way of Laura's myriad of fantasies becomes expendable, revealing the shocking dream world that insulates her from reality. Chico and Ana move to an apartment in Sao Paulo. As they unpack Ana found a cassette tape. It's a mix-tape that Clarisse made 20 years earlier to her husband Daniel. Albeit separated by time, both stories will cross paths in a unique way. Dr. Jean Markham returns to the town she left as a teenager to take over her late father's medical practice. When a school-yard scuffle lands Charlie in her surgery, she invites him to visit the hives in her garden and tell his secrets to the bees, as she once did. The new friendship between the boy and the bee keeper brings his mother Lydia into Jean's world. 'How many sparrows an I worth today?' As a means of measuring species, human performers take to the trees in the guise of birds. Unemployed and recently dumped, Mitch and his buddy Sam start a revenge-for-hire business to raise the $50,000 that Sam's father needs to get a heart transplant. The dirty duo brings down a movie theater manager and hires hookers to pose as dead bodies during a live TV ad. When a wealthy developer hires the guys to trash a building (so that he can have it condemned), problems arise and a feud ensues. A young boy comes of age in the most peculiar of circumstances. Tonight is the very first time his Papa and Grandpa are taking him to work. In an old wooden boat they row far out to sea, and with no land in sight, they stop and wait. A big surprise awaits the boy as he discovers his family's most unusual line of work. Should he follow the example of his Papa, or his Grandpa? Will he be able to find his own way in the midst of their conflicting opinions and timeworn traditions? Elton had a mysteriously affair with Sia, Casey turned herself into a love expert after the heartbreak of Elton's cheat. The unfortunate couple accidentally encounters each other after 10 years. Alain, a successful Parisian publisher struggling to adapt to the digital revolution, has major doubts about the new manuscript of Leonard, one of his long-time authors - another work of auto-fiction recycling his love affair with a minor celebrity. Selena, Alain's wife, a famous stage actress, is of the opposite opinion. The unexpected meeting of two ex-lovers after a long time affect the equation of their respective families In this corrupted world Youth have a lot of reasons to turn into criminals but when you have someone special you love there will be much more consequences that needs to be faced.Story revolves around two protagonists.  This romantic drama film tells of a successful businessman living a silence. She then hired a young GRO woman to accompany her to her daily activities. However unaware they both fell in love with each other. What happens when the most eligible bachelor in Delhi, Veerey messes up his first meeting with the father of his beloved? The most fatal blow to the loved-up couple: NO blessing from the father-in-law! Not helping the matter further, is Veerey's elder cousin brother, Balli, who threatens the would-be in-laws with dire consequences if anyone dares to break Veerey's heart. Anand is a cleanliness freak, someone suffering from OCD . What happens when a man like that falls in love? Will the person he loves learn to live with his quirks or will he have to change? Romantic comedy about the love confusion of four girlfriends, whose lives are properly turned upside down by their four-legged friends. After being abandoned by her boyfriend, Ella adopts a half-breed called Bozer, who jumbled up her everyday life, but also makes her happy again. Cecile, on the other hand, is about to divorce, but the meek four-legged Simpson averts the worst and is also there for the children. Silke works as a dog trainer and knows very well about the animals, but she has her problems with her fellow human beings. She meets former footballer Olli. And also Lulu has met someone, but her acquaintance is a dog lover, while she has a preference for cats. A romantic comedy about Amira, an English tutor, and Juki, a hot-tempered Betawi guy. It begins when Suchin, a Thailand girl who is also Juki girlfriend, asks Amira, her English tutor, to tell Juki that they brakes up because she gets a job in America. During this time she and Juki communicate through gestures.  When Amira tells Suchin message, Juki does not accept it and forces Amira to teach him English, to follow Suchin. For fear of Juki, Amira tutors him privately. At the same time, another guy, Taufan, is approaching Amira. Akshay, a young and handsome college student and a talented dancer, enjoys a colorful college life. Although very popular among his peers, Akshay, who is smitten by Radhika, feels dejected after she neglects him. To make matters worse, Akshay's life is turned upside down due to one unexpected incident. How he copes with it, forms the crux. Regina (Erica Ash) and Franklin (Redaric Williams) are seemingly the perfect couple, the toast of all their friends and married on Christmas Day six years ago at the famed Chesterton Hotel. At Thanksgiving, they have a huge fight and trusts are broken -- they decide to divorce. Their divorce will be final on Christmas Day. Regina decides to move in to her best friend Trish's (Eva Marcille) suite at The Chesterton Hotel. Christmas designer Leslie Major (Brely Evans) is the biggest fan of Christmas ever. She is like a tidal wave of Yuletide cheer. Her biggest job every year is decorating the lobby of the famed Chesterton Hotel. As she is on a ladder decorating the tree, she falls into the arms of Edmund James (Andra Fuller) - the grandson of the owner JJ James. Edmund is all business and thinks Christmas is superficial and frivolous. Experimental take on Bram Stoker's Dracula, set against a warm South American landscape, wherein the vampire Count preys on a number of young lovers, ... Break ups are never easy; join valentine as she tries to find silver lining in it. From the hit single "Happy Break Up", the film looks at heartbreak in a different light. A 16-year-old girl and her extended family are left reeling after her calculating grandmother unveils an array of secrets on her deathbed. Short film focused on the dangers of hitchhiking in the seventies. Two sets of parents divorce and marry each other, while their children Miki and Yuu are caught in the middle and start falling for each other. Gagan is very much in love with Sweety aka Janaki, a sweet-natured girl, ever willing to lend a helping hand to those in need. But she ends up rejecting Gagan and later finds herself in a situation from which there seems no escape. Why did Sweety reject Gagan and what does he do when he finds her in a dangerous predicame. Jack Malik is a struggling singer-songwriter in an English seaside town whose dreams of fame are rapidly fading, despite the fierce devotion and support of his childhood best friend, Ellie. After a freak bus accident during a mysterious global blackout, Jack wakes up to discover that he's the only person on Earth who can remember The Beatles. Kamar is secretly in love with Alya, who is married to his friend, Harris. After Harris goes missing at sea, Kamar marries Alya. A tale of love and betrayal ensues when Harris whom they feared had died, returns unexpectedly. When a charming fare named Penny climbs into his taxi cab, Harris, her world-weary driver, finds himself engaged in the only kind of courtship he can have with a passenger -- one that lasts as long as her trip. That is, right up until she disappears from the back seat without a trace. When confusion gives way to reality, he resets his meter and is instantaneously transported back to the moment when she climbed into his cab. As he and Penny find themselves trapped in an endless nighttime cab ride, with only each other for company, secrets will be revealed, truths will come to light, and Harris' entire life will be changed forever. After his break-up, a short-tempered surgeon becomes an alcoholic and drug addict, struggling to redeem himself and get back onto the path of recovery. An accountant, who never quite grew out of his awkward teenage years, finds himself with a dating coach - she happens to be his high school crush as well. Thanks to his coach, he gets a pretty woman he has his sights on for some time, but realizes they are incompatible. Meanwhile, his dating lessons with his teenage crush reawaken old feelings. Not realizing the feelings are mutual, he finds himself unable to act on them due to his fear of being rejected by the one he truly loves. Four witches Althea, Kathalina, Helena and Adela find themselves in a new world trying to fit in a world where no one believes in magic anymore. How can this Coven of 4 defend the modern world from evil forces when their supernatural being and powers have been reduced to near extinction? When on the mountains, so to Spindl. In the snowy Spindleruv Mlyn the sisters Eliska, Katka and Magda go to the women's ride in the full-length winter comedy Spindl. They plan to enjoy relaxation, fun and perhaps a bit of love adventure. Eliska is fine, but Katka and Magda were already thirty and are still single. Does the right one appear in winter snow? It is certain that they will meet other participants and entertaining figures, and during the weekly stay, all of them will get an avalanche of love and livelihoods. 18-year-old Penny Cooper spent years pining for Johnny Sanders Jr., but when a mysterious musician shows up on the beach, Penny is torn. Rahul, a prizefighter who hails from a poor family, is smitten with Ruby, the daughter of a rich and powerful man. While their love blooms, her father opposes their union fiercely. Seeking funds for her orphanage in India, Isabelle travels to New York to meet Theresa, a wealthy benefactor. An invitation to attend a wedding ignites a series of events in which the past collides with the present while mysteries unravel. Young assassins Azumi and Nagara continue their mission to prevent a civil war. In their hunt for Masayuki Sanada, who is protected by both an army and a dangerous clan, they meet Ginkaku, a person who shows a remarking resemblance with former friend Nachi. Moon-hee is an attractive woman who runs an art academy after returning from the States. She lives apart from her husband who won't divorce her and enjoys a free relationship with In-gyu, her lover of long time and Professor Yoon whom she's been privately involved with for a long time. On the other hand, her young student Joo Won only draws her face during class. He fell in love with her when he saw Moon-hee as a bride at the wedding his grandma took him too. He started art because of her and started attending the academy. He thinks it's destiny. Moon-hee is attracted to Joo Won's pure heart until they share love in in a studio where it's just them.... Set in China's underworld, this tale of love and betrayal follows a dancer who fired a gun to protect her mobster boyfriend during a fight. On release from prison 5 years later, she sets out to find him. Montreal, June 1995. Miron is a young delinquent who parties instead of going to school. His parents, both university professors, force him to move to the countryside in the hope that the remoteness of the city's distractions would allow him to concentrate and eventually succeed in high school. After a week at the cottage, Miron meets Florence, a 73-year-old neighbor. It's love at first sight between the two. Strongly in disagreement with this romance, Miron's parents forbid her to see her beloved 56 years older. But Miron, determined to live this love story to the end, will make every effort to see Florence again. Director Franco Zeffirelli's beloved version of one of the most well-known love stories in the English language. Romeo Montague and Juliet Capulet fall in love against the wishes of their feuding families. Driven by their passion, the young lovers defy their destiny and elope, only to suffer the ultimate tragedy. The seemingly endless possibilities of dating apps send a group of friends into a whirlwind of sex, jealousy, and self-doubt in this ensemble comedy that examines dating culture in the age of swiping. Three middle aged childhood friends Purne, Karne and Guna Prasad are still bachelor and want to get married and settled. Purne's mother want to marry his son with a daughter of a rich villager. The father of the born unlucky girl has announced 1.5 Million rupees for her groom. Karne from the untouchable cast is in one sided love with the same born unlucky girl. Guna Prasad, a public school teacher is unable to express his deep inner love to Karne's sister. The dreams and desires of each friend bring conflict between them and the drama gone extreme when a hunter tourist make an entry in the village. Their childhood friendship is now on the edge of the sword. After their airplane crashes behind enemy lines, four soldiers must survive and try to find a way back to their battalion. However, when they come across a local peasant girl the horrors of war quickly become apparent. A country girl is persuaded to elope with the minister's nephew but she discovers that he is worthless. After he is killed in a brawl, her former sweetheart takes her back to her home. "Do you want to live in my house?"Living with my friend's hot sister! Joon-soo learns that his friend Hee-gyu's sister Hee-jin has no where to go after being scammed, so he suggests living with him. The two start living together. They are close like brother and sister but they can never be that. The two start getting funny and Joon-soo can't go to sleep at the thought of Hee-jin sleeping just a wall away from him. Mi-na, Joon-soo's girlfriend notices Joon-soo changing and seduces Joon-soo at his house where Hee-jin is. Is it the girlfriend or the sister? A starry-eyed employee of a hot cosmetics company hires a dreamy photographer who is secretly indebted to a major rival -- her sketchy aunt. Freedom of expression and sexual liberation might have defined the 1960s but by 1971 the British education system was far from ready for Dr Cole's explicit series A New Approach to Sex Education. Made as a teaching aid for use in schools an universities, the Growing Up was unprecedented in its depictions of erect penises, un-simulated masturbation and intercourse to describe the development of the human body and sexuality to students.  A woman who has recently discovered that she is the daughter of Angelo, a major mafia boss, decides to wreak vengeance when he is killed by a hitman. She's aided by his faithful bodyguard, with whom she soon falls in love. A young woman who has been stricken with infantile paralysis gives up hope and is trying to "will herself" to die. A doctor who has been conducting experiments with patients with paralyzed nerves is convinced he can cure her. The story of two lovers and their attempts to save their relationship in a near-future world on the brink of cosmic collapse. John, and world-famous ice skating star, Elena, are about to sign divorce papers when they realise that, in spite of everything happening around them, their love is worth fighting for. It's All About Love is a fresh take on modern love and future life as two lovers struggle in a conspiracy of epic proportions. Overwhelmed by her suffocating schedule, touring European princess Ann takes off for a night while in Rome. When a sedative she took from her doctor kicks in, however, she falls asleep on a park bench and is found by an American reporter, Joe Bradley, who takes her back to his apartment for safety. At work the next morning, Joe finds out Ann's regal identity and bets his editor he can get exclusive interview with her, but romance soon gets in the way. Who's going to let down their guard first? A pretty art tutor VS a muscular and young personal trainer?  This sex-less couple's secret tutoring starts now between a pretty art tutor VS a muscular and young personal trainer.  Baek-seon and Soo-kyeom are sex-less couple who have been living with each other for 20 years out of loyalty.  The two decide to find a hobby for some fun in their lives. Soo-kyeom decides to get personal training and Baek-seon decides to get some art tutoring.  Oh dear, they meet handsome and young personal trainer In-hak and pretty art teacher Ji-won!  The couple is soon more interested in getting action than getting lessons.  What will be the end of their secretive lessons? Min-ho and Jeong-il end up working with each other's wives one day. As time passes, the men feel attracted physically to their friend's wives. In the end, Jeong-il suggests to Min-ho, "Let's not take sides and just be happy as the four of us!" They start swapping each other. Josef and Miluska are married forever and ever. Miluska teaches aerobics and provides tirelessly care for her husband and teenage daughter. Joseph loves his wife, but also has a weakness for younger and more beautiful women. Their marriage, along with Joseph's bankrupt publishing house, is slowly crumbling. Aunt Marta, who has a mad plan to save both the collapsing marriage and the Joseph publishing house, comes to rescue. As an experienced psychologist working in a marital counselling, she directs her husbands to infidelity - they must be caught in flagranti. The crazy game can start. Mariana is a woman who has dedicated her entire life to equine therapy that goes over the history of how she came to that. In her youth she lived a happy and prosperous life until a particular episode leads her to have to face millionaires debts. This situation can lead to being left homeless and especially without their horses, among which stands out Artax, the only being with which his son Bruno with Asperger's syndrome manages to have a special bond that helps him to cope with his life with harmony. Mariana must fight against wind and tide in this story of struggle and resilience sustained by the love of a mother and her son. Adolescence is like a heavy rain. Even though you catch a cold from it, you still look forward to experiencing it once again.  Ko-Teng has several close friends who had a crush on Shen Chia-Yi. Those friends of Ko's thus moved in unison from Ching Chengs junior high school straight into the senior high school division in pursuit of her.  Naughty in nature, Ko was ordered by their homeroom teacher to sit in front of honor student Shen for her to keep close tabs on him. The two hadn't hit it off at first but Ko gradually fell for Shen, who was always pressuring him to study hard. On the other hand, Shen became impressed by the contrasting values Ko represented. Ko started pursuing Shen but Shen remained hesitant. For the young man who lives in Serbian province town, the maturing coincides with the turbulent political events of the year 1968. The story of a wannabe actor and a talented teleserye dubber who agrees to help him improve his acting. Her coaching helps him achieve his dream of becoming a star only to find herself heartbroken when he becomes successful. At home at her Virginia farm, photographer Sally Mann reflects on the controversy surrounding her earlier collections while forging ahead with new work in this intimate portrait of an artist. Also offering insights into the photographer's career are Mann's husband and her now-grown offspring. Yoon-hee is one of the best curators who has everything. She meets a celebrated photographer named Hyeong-seok while preparing for an exhibit. She feels attracted towards him at first sight and suggests 100 days of sex games. The Korean version of "Nine and A Half Weeks", only instincts control their love! No rules exist between them. Revolves around Krisya, a beautiful and stylish young woman who cares about nothing but her appearance. She then falls in love with Irfan, but there is one problem - Irfan is into women who are little more on the heavier side. A couple on the verge of a nervous break-up decide to split their home over the weekend and test the waters of independence. Twin sisters Emma and Chantal couldn't be more unalike. When their parents leave them alone for the summer, their simmering sibling rivalry threatens to boil over and change their relationship and lives forever. "Born to Love You" is a romantic comedy about poor lass, portrayed by Angeline Quinto, who tries her best to provide the needs of her siblings by joining singing contests. In one of the singing contests she joined in, she met Martin's character who is a photographer. The two then found themselves falling in love with each other. A young punk rocker in Istanbul tracks down a cruise ticket to California on the night of his birthday gig. Based on the director's personal family story. Film sets during the 90's unrest Turkey. Elizabeth is a charming anchorwoman who seeks advice from her dog's therapist. Tara is a spunky barista who dreams of a life beyond the coffee shop. Daisy is a dog walker who's enamored with a client. Garrett pines for a woman while trying to keep his adopt-a-dog business afloat. The beloved canines in their lives soon start to influence their careers, friendships and romantic relationships in funny and unexpected ways. The Parkers, reclusive people who cling to ancient customs, find their secret lives threatened when a torrential downpour and the death of the family matriarch forces daughters Iris and Rose to assume special responsibilities. It is a sequel to the 2016 film Nikka Zaildar. Set in the 80s, A man has an affair with his nephews teacher, but just before the wedding he gets married to another girl Shine is a jolly and happy-go-lucky girl who will do anything for her family. But when it comes to love. she hopelessly finds one, and wishes to meet her one true love. Until one day when she was praying to meet the love of her life, she unexpectedly meets Luke, a rebellious and grumpy Filipino-American boy who was sent to the Philippines by his parents from the United States. Slow-burning and smart, French director Remi Lange's The Road to Love is a romantic tale of self-discovery that also offers a fascinating historical take on homosexuality in northern Africa.  French-Algerian sociology student Karim is having trouble finding interviewees for his term project, a video documentary on homosexual relationships in Islamic cultures. As his research progresses, he meets Farid, a handsome flight attendant. In Farid, Karim believes he has found an ideal subject for his film...but he soon begins to admire more than just Farid's insight. When Karim learns that some cultures have accepted and encouraged same-sex unions, he finally begins to face his own sexuality.  Set in scenic locales from Paris to Marseilles to Amsterdam (with a brief detour to Jean Genet's grave in Larache, Morocco), The Road to Love is a shrewd and sensual tale of enchantment and desire Bella once again finds herself surrounded by danger as Seattle is ravaged by a string of mysterious killings and a malicious vampire continues her quest for revenge. In the midst of it all, she is forced to choose between her love for Edward and her friendship with Jacob, knowing that her decision has the potential to ignite the ageless struggle between vampire and werewolf. With her graduation quickly approaching, Bella is confronted with the most important decision of her life. Where I've never been to live, Francesca's emotional conflicts (Emmanuelle Devos), 50, is the only daughter of a famous Turin architect (Giulio Brogi), to whom she visits only on rare occasions. For many years, Francesca lives in Paris with her teenage daughter and her husband Benoit (Hippolyte Girardot), a financier on her sixty, apparently reserved but paternal and protective about her. Due to a domestic accident that forces the elderly father to bed, the woman flees to Turin to take her parents in the design of a villa on a lake for a young couple. At work he meets architect Massimo (Fabrizio Gifuni), his peer-minded career and engaged in an open relationship with independent Sandra (Isabella Briganti). After a tough first approach, Massimo and Francesca create a strong professional tune that leads to a deep and passionate feeling. For the first time in life, both will have to really confront themselves and their most authentic destinies ...  A wedding goes awry and the morning after, friends and foes need to piece together the puzzle of the night before Richard and Kim are helping save historical Los Angeles one crime scene at a time. With footage shot in the center of Egypt's Tahrir Square from the beginning of the battles to the climax of the celebration, audiences experience first-hand the people-powered revolt that brought down a dictator and changed Egypt forever. Under the pretense of research for her scenario, Ga-yeong interviews a man she's been wanting to get to know. She probes him for intimate details including his sexual fantasies. He answers in all sincerity and she slowly reveals her desire for him. Johnny is a successful banker with great respect for and dedication to the people in his life, especially his future wife Lisa. The happy-go-lucky guy sees his world fall apart when his friends begin to betray him one-by-one. Tenzin Banjue, a young Tibetan monk living in the temple, takes a long way back home for the first time to visit his brother who is in a vegetative state from falling off the cliff. Despite finding himself enamored by his brother's fiancee, he refuses his mother's offer to stay and marry her, who at the same time gets a marriage proposal from another man. Struggling between faith to his religion and truth to his heart of love, Tenzin, together with his brother and fiancee, takes on a soul searching journey of five thousand kilometers. In this homage to the early days of mumblecore, an innocent game of spin the bottle sets off a chain reaction within a group of couples that leads to break ups, infidelity, and betrayal that will change their lives forever. Think 'Husbands and Wives' meets 'The Puffy Chair.' A marksman living in exile is coaxed back into action after learning of a plot to kill the president. Ultimately double-crossed and framed for the attempt, he goes on the run to track the real killer and find out who exactly set him up, and why?? Yogi and Jaya, who have polar opposite personalities and sensibilities, meet via an online dating app. This encounter turns into so much more when the two travel to Rishikesh. A romantic comedy detailing the funny and quirky last 30 days of a relationship between two college sweethearts who attempt to break up without the drama. The official remake of Malayalam movie Oru Vadakkan Selfie, Meda Meeda Abbayi tells the story of a carefree guy and the various problems that he faces after secretly taking a selfie with his neighbor. Gwen is a reclusive loner with an obsession with stalking and studying strangers, always at a distance. When one of her subjects enters her life in an unexpected way, Gwen sees it as an opportunity to find out more about them, but it may change her life in ways she could never anticipate. Yudi's happy life is about to encounter a speed breaker-his BMW gets towed away and his dues have started piling up. He's run out of money and luck! To make matters worse-his supposed ex-girlfriend isn't really his ex. Tarak, the grandson of a Bengaluru-based businessman who grows up in Europe is reluctant to visit India despite several pleas by his grandfather. All goes well for him until he falls in love with Meera, a selfless person who lives for the happiness of others. The two share a blissful relationship, however, things change when Meera poses Tarak a 60-day challenge to prove his real love for her. To prove his love, Tarak accepts and as part of the challenge visits India and soon finds himself in a tricky situation that would ruin his relationship. What happens next, forms the crux.  Sex, crime, and sex - "Crooks" is a wacky comedy movie from the creators of the highest-grossing movie of all time - "Swingers". Diya, a twelfth standard school girl, due to peer pressure and her surroundings, is in quest of her love. She finds a twenty-five-year-old Arjun, who is a software engineer by profession, as her perfect match and tries to impress him. How Diya wins her love overcoming all the social stigma forms the main part of the story. It has been five years since Laura and Carmilla vanquished the apocalypse and Carmilla became a bonafide mortal human. They have settled in to a cozy apartment in downtown Toronto, Laura continues to hone her journalism skills while Carmilla adjusts to a non-vampire lifestyle. Their domestic bliss is suddenly ruptured when Carmilla begins to show signs of "re-vamping" - from a fondness for bloody treats to accidental biting - while Laura has started having bizarre, ghostly dreams. The couple must now enlist their old friends from Silas University to uncover the unknown supernatural threat and save humanity - including Carmilla's. A drama based on Jimi Hendrix's life as he left New York City for London, where his career took off. A Filipina who seeks freedom from her over-protective parents and found everything that she is looking for in Korea. Anka is becoming extremely anxious about her beloved husband Witek, a war correspondent. But where does the border lie between reality and catastrophic visions? A Filipina who seeks freedom from her over-protective parents and found everything that she is looking for in Korea. The story of journalist, Edward R Murrow's stand against Senator McCarthy's anti-communist witch-hunts in the early 1950s.  The virus came so fast no one had time to prepare. Before the day was over, entire towns were decimated, and large cities became monumental tombs. Left with nothing but fading hope and the will to live, reclusive software consultant Michael (Dexter Fletcher) and temperamental mechanic Carl (Dickon Tolson) lead a small group of survivors into the country in hopes of riding out the coming winter. But now the decaying victims of the plague are reanimating, growing more smart and vicious with each passing day. Now, the only hope for the survival of the human race is Phillip (Carradine), a man who refused to leave the city, and has somehow avoided becoming food for the flesh-eating masses. Three men who have never properly been with a woman finally come face to face with their chance in the form of confident, aggressive women in their thirties. After losing her parents and being left by her boyfriend, Bubblegum Teddybear moves from Kansas to Albuquerque, New Mexico. She rejects the dating life and lives in a ghost world, where she is fully aware that her life is a movie. Bubblegum is familiar with cinematic structure and tries to make problems for herself so that her movie can have a happy ending. Despite her best efforts, love follows her and pushes her genre ever closer to tragedy. A sheltered young high society woman joins the army on a whim and finds herself in a more difficult situation than she ever expected. It tells the story of a couple from New York, Ned (Liev Schreiber) and Jeannie (Helen Hunt), whose marriage is in crisis. The problems are accentuated when a sexy schoolgirl (Gugino) appears in their lives. Yamada may be shy and rather clumsy, but the flower gardens at her school have always brought her happiness. Suddenly, a different sort of beauty catches her eye--the vivacious track star, Kase-san. Although the two girls don't seem to have much in common, they soon start a romance where each must learn an important lesson in tending their budding relationship. Can the two girls, so different from each other, learn how to make their first love blossom? Blake Conway, aspiring journalist, hopeless romantic. and frustrated with the lack of chivalrous guys her own age, a college senior gives up on dating for love to date an older man in exchange for gifts instead.As she documents the adventure in the hopes of winning a journalism award with a generous cash prize to escape looming student debt, she sets out on a quest to figure out if society is right to judge these women and if her own self worth comes with a price. No overview written The story of the late jazz musician and classical pianist Nina Simone including her rise to fame and relationship with her manager Clifton Henderson. A newlywed couple finds their lake-country honeymoon descend into chaos after Paul finds his wife wandering and disoriented in the middle of the night. Satyendra aka Sattu and Aarti meet for a proposed arranged marriage and fall in love in the process. On the night of their marriage, an unexpected turn of events turns their world upside down. Set in the backdrop of India's civil services, Shaadi Mein Zaroor Aana explores the challenges that Satyendra and Aarti face as a middle-class couple in India. A Mexican-American filmmaker living in the city of Los Angeles, and in search of his identity, decides to travel to Mexico City, where he senses that he will find the muse he needs as a key to finish his movie. Marianne gets off to a bad start with gallery director and Brad Pitt look alike Vincent but everything works out "just like in the movies" in the end. A married man's one night stand comes back to haunt him when that lover begins to stalk him and his family. Recently-paroled thief, Jon Price, is forced to return to his small, rainy hometown of Fall City, Washington at Christmastime. Jon unexpectedly begins to find joy as he meets and grows closer to a struggling single mother who shows him true kindness, and he begins filling the role of a father for her young daughter. Anand works for an insurance company in Mysore and Aiswarya is a student there. A chance meeting in their native place develops into a passionate affair in Mysore. But their lives suddenly become intertwined in a series of violent events that involve their families and friends. Blood is spilled and vengeance is sought. Eunha, who is a stateless person, is imprisoned for charged with murder. A warmhearted, coolheaded correctional officer goes through turbulent changes of his emotions after he meets the woman. The movie depicts the extraordinary love between the two in the limited space of a penitentiary facility. B.Tech Babulu is a Telugu movie starring Ashwini and Novel KIshore in prominent roles. The movie also stars Vizag Shankar and Shakalaka Shankar. It is a romantic comedy directed by Seenu Imandi with Ajay Patnayak as musician, forming part of the crew. When a Las Vegas bodyguard with lethal skills and a gambling problem gets in trouble with the mob, he has one last play... and it's all or nothing. The story of Kariya 2 revolves around Kariya, a small-time local goon who is employed by an influential underworld don. All is well with Kariya until he falls in love with Janaki, which leads to several unfortunate events that change their life completely. In director Vicente Aranda's adaptation of the classic opera, a French writer documents the seductive power of the beautiful Gypsy Carmen, who turns her charms on a young soldier, awakening his passions but ultimately leading to tragedy. Jose becomes obsessed with Carmen and finds himself unable to control his jealousy, which forces him to make a deadly decision in this fiery story of love and betrayal. Raghav, a professional boxer, finds himself in a fix when an unexpected turn of events gets him tangled in a battle between his passion, family and the love of his life. When San Francisco pet shop owner Willa Davis encounters the man who stood her up in high school, she fights both her head and her heart when she starts falling for him all over again ten years later. The 'Little Black Book' is now forgotten. before the mid 60s it meant having some human rights, being able to raise children in safely and interact with towns... Derby, W.A. - The Benning Family has a unique and amazing history as well as outlook. All the brothers had a natural musical talent and they are the first instrumental Aboriginal band, bringing the community together since the early 1950s... This Short Documentary is a narrative driven, oral history and pop interview based 'expos'e' which also explores 'Lateral Violence' - a theory that explains many trends in Aboriginal communities today. Vincent and Nefeli just moved in together. They're best friends and swore to never fall in love again. That is until Vincent meets Julie.  Nijiiro Days follows the colorful lives and romantic relationships of four high school boys--Natsuki Hashiba, a dreamer with delusions of love; Tomoya Matsunaga, a narcissistic playboy who has multiple girlfriends; Keiichi Katakura, a kinky sadist who always carries a whip; and Tsuyoshi Naoe, an otaku who has a cosplaying girlfriend. Siva, a jovial college student, falls in love with a girl, who later rejects him. His mother decides to befriend the girl and persuade her to marry her son. A stand-up comedian is dumped by his girlfriend, when he decides, that he must win her back at all costs. A love story between a teacher, Daniele, 32 years and one of his students Gerard, 17 during the heated atmosphere of May 68. Daniele is a fiery young woman, very involved politically. Gerard's parents accuse Daniele of statutory rape and complain. Daniele is trapped and the drama begins... On the night that Bo finds his boyfriend Sun cheating on her, she befriends Louis, a professional swindler who ends up recruiting her to join his entourage. Benche Thakar Gaan is set in an old age home where Paromita, a young gerontologist lands up leaving a lucrative career as a psychiatrist in the city. In this home, she faces her boss Dr. Partho Sinha, a strict disciplinarian, who has built this home for all those who can afford to live well but are not able to live either with their families or alone due to certain circumstances. According to Dr. Sinha, the inmates are here to spend the sunset years of their lives in peacebut Paromita feels otherwise, she believes there is still a lot to live for in the sunset years too. To Paromita, even the seniors have a right to enjoy, and peace can only come when the mind is happy - - An old age home is not where you are thrown out, but it can be a home where new bonds can be forged even in later years of life. Benche Thakar Gaan or song of life is a positive look at the age which to us is just a number, and its all in the mind. When a sprite named Crysta shrinks a human boy, Zak, down to her size, he vows to help the magical fairy folk stop a greedy logging company from destroying their home: the pristine rainforest known as FernGully. Zak and his new friends fight to defend FernGully from lumberjacks -- and the vengeful spirit they accidentally unleash after chopping down a magic tree. After her mother's death, Amalia learns that her husband is having an affair. But when he mysteriously dies a few days later, the young widow, obsessed by her late husband's mistress, succumbs to bloodthirsty madness. Two siblings played by William Baldin and Jodi Lyn O'Keefe travel to their families old, ancestrial estate upon the death of their father. They soon find out the hard way about their families ancient secret of witchcraft and the occult. A team from the intergalactic fast food chain Crumb's Crunchy Delights descends on Earth, planning to make human flesh the newest taste sensation. After they wipe out the New Zealand town Kaihoro, the country's Astro-Investigation and Defense Service is called in to deal with the problem. Things are complicated due to Giles, an aid worker who comes to Kaihoro the same day to collect change from the residents. He is captured by the aliens, and AIaDS stages a rescue mission that quickly becomes an all-out assault on the aliens' headquarters. Melanie Parker, an architect and mother of Sammy, and Jack Taylor, a newspaper columnist and father of Maggie, are both divorced. They meet one morning when overwhelmed Jack is left unexpectedly with Maggie and forgets that Melanie was to take her to school. As a result, both children miss their school field trip and are stuck with the parents. The two adults project their negative stereotypes of ex-spouses on each other, but end up needing to rely on each other to watch the children as each must save his job. Humor is added by Sammy's propensity for lodging objects in his nose and Maggie's tendency to wander. Besnik is a lonely shepherd and devoted Muslim, haunted by unfulfilled love. He is the son of a Catholic mother and formerly Communist father whom he takes care of in an Albanian village in the mountains. Up here, Christians and Muslims have found a way to co-exist peacefully. Even after the discovery that the old mosque used to be a church and that the building was actually shared by the two religions in the past, the calm of daily life can be preserved - with Besnik's help. After the death of his father, however, drastic changes threaten Besnik's multi-faith family and the shepherd is forced to seek his own path.  A 60-year-old lumber supply businessman is dismayed to learn his 50-year-old wife is pregnant. A film adaptation of the hit Broadway comedy, with Paul Ford repeating his stage role as the flabbergasted papa-to-be. The Story revolves around Johnny (Murali) and Annie (Madhavi), a married couple.Johnny is a recurrent alcoholic. After an altercation between Johnny and Keshavan (N F Varghese), who is humiliated in front of his family decides to take revenge and hurts one of their kid.During required blood transfusion it is discovered that Annie's is suffering from a late stage of Leukemia and that she only has a couple of months to live. Annie fearing her kids well being gives then up for better future through adoption. Ryo Morinaka is a university student and works part-time at a bar. He is bored with his daily life and exists in a state of torpor. One day, his friend Shinya Tajima brings the owner of a host bar over to the place where Ryo Morinaka works. Shizuka Mido is the owner of the host bar. Soon, Ryo Morinaka begins to work for Shizuka Mido at the members only host bar. He feels embarrassment initially, but he fulfills the desires of women and develops a sense of purpose. When a romance between a widow and a notorious libertine takes an unexpected turn, Mademoiselle de Joncquieres becomes instrumental to one lover's plans for revenge. A youngster who loves a girl tries to commit suicide and to dissuade him, his friend reaches out to the girl, setting in motion events that unexpectedly turn out to be life changing. A childhood incident has convinced Faith Corvatch that her true love is a guy named "Damon Bradley," but she has yet to meet him. Preparing to settle down and marry a foot doctor, Faith impulsively flies to Venice when it seems that she may be able to finally encounter the man of her dreams. Instead, she meets the charming Peter Wright. But can they fall in love if she still believes that she is intended to be with someone else? Tamara has been separated from Diego for two years. She finally leaves home to live the student adventure in Paris with his girlfriend Sam. In a galley apartment, they accept a cohabit with Wagner. Problem: Diego is part of the lot, and he is no more single. True love is not about perfection, it is hidden in flaws. The movie 'Mutluluk Zamani' (Time of Happiness) tells the story of Mert (Baris Arduc) who creates his 'perfect' life without facing his past and Ada (Elcin Sangu) who builds her own way of life based on all of her past experiences. Jacques is a writer living in Paris. He hasn't turned 40 but already mistrusts that the best in life is yet to come. Arthur is a student living in Brittany. He reads and smiles a lot and refuses to think that everything in life might not be possible. Jacques and Arthur will like each other. Just like in a lovely dream. Just like in a sad story.  Murat and Duygu are deeply in love and when they graduate from College Murat takes the leap and asks Duygu for her hand in marriage but he doesn't get the answer he was looking for. They both agree that if they're both single in five years they will tie the knot, but life has other plans for them. Filmed with Polaroid and Super-8 footage, overlaid with poetic VO monologue, this feature film creates a dynamic kaleidoscope of words and pictures, a dreamy tale that channels Mallick, Van Sant, and pages torn from a lonely girl's journal. Living memories is a community documentary project: the result of a unique collaboration between a group of older women from Melbourne's Jewish community and twelve Media students from RMIT University. Over a six-month period in 2008 nine women told stories from their lives to the students, who in turn fashioned these tales into video documentary portraits. These are stories of survival of the Holocaust, of loss and strengh; of great love, marriages, friends and children, travels and adventures; memories fond, sad and funny. Living memories also bring to life the history of the National Council of Jewish Women in Australia (Victoria), in the video oral history'Something wrth doig'. Anecdotes weave together to paint a picture of a community. Polar opposites meet and fall in love, but it isn't long before their relationship is on the rocks. In order to get through the holiday season without too much drama they decide to pretend they are still a couple, but their plan takes an unexpected turn. Lala's life is turning 180deg when she met her first love, Yudhis. At first, Yudhis was nice and protecting. But turns out, Yudhis's love is more than that. Nina Geld's passion and talent have made her a rising star in the comedy scene, but she's an emotional mess offstage. When a new professional opportunity coincides with a romantic one, she is forced to confront her own deeply troubled past. A hitman in Koreatown meets a Karaoke hostess only to find out she is his next target. Shot at the Film Farm in Mt.Forest, this comedy is a quest about performance, educational voiceover, analogue filmmaking, ASCII, language, ethics of ethnography and narrative storytelling under a metaphor of instructions to farm land. Text by Barbara Kirshenblatt-Gimblett and Wikihow/shoot-film. Ram Ratan is a Hindi movie starring Daisy Shah and Rishi Bhutani in prominent roles. The cast also includes Mahesh Thakur, Sudha Chandran and Rajpal Yadav. It is a romantic-comedy movie directed by Govind Sakariya, with Praful Parekh as the writer, forming part of the crew.  Aryan and Mahira are very much in love despite the fact that they are miles apart from each other. He is settled in Mumbai, while she is pursuing higher studies in Delhi. Time passes by, the romance blossoms, and convinced that Mahira is his soulmate, Aryan travels to Delhi in a bid to propose to her. But his world is shattered on learning that his beloved has abandoned him without a word and vanished without a trace.  Two years later, while in Jammu and Kashmir for his friend Sajad's wedding, Aryan chances across Mahira yet again. Things are further complicated when he realises that Sajad's fiancee is none other than Mahira. The events that unfold afterwards form the crux of the romantic drama My Friend's Dulhania. Bollywood 1974  A stand-up comedian, and his opera singer wife, have a 2 year old daughter with a surprising gift.  A photographer's life becomes dangerous when one of his models is murdered. A popular radio personality with an aversion to love meets two men with differing views on romance.  Titu is going to marry a perfect woman named Sweety. Titu's best-friend Sonu doubts Sweety's character and tries to break the marriage while Sweety tries to do opposite and which leads to war between Bromance and Romace. Haunted by his traumatic past and cautious about the prospects of an uncertain future, a fourteen year old boy named Juhani winds up in an isolated boys' home known as The Island. Juhani has been shuttled between foster homes and temporary families for the past six years, leaving any prospect of stability in his life a faded dream. When Juhani winds up in a remote shelter for troubled youth known as The Island, he has little idea of how ruthless superintendent Olavi Harjula can truly be. Starring Himansh Kohli and Priya Banerjee, a romantic drama that follows the story of two childhood friends who end up going separate ways to follow their dreams. Eventually, they return to their hometown where they chance across each other and soon discover that there is more to their relationship than just friendship. Andres and Julissa now parents to a seven year old Carlitos struggle to live happily as a family despite being fervent fans of rival teams and of Vicente's (Julissa's father) disapproval. Lakshmi Kalyanam (Telugu: lkssmi kllyaannN) is an 2007 Telugu movie that is directed by Teja. Kalyan Ram plays the lead roles with Kajal. The film released on 15 February 2007.Ramu (Kalyan Ram) is very fond of his sister-in-law Lakshmi (Kaajal). Ramu is an uneducated guy who works in farms. Lakshmi's father is a wealthy guy and is the president of the village. Their village has feuds with a neighboring village. Giri (Ajay) is from the other village and he wants to marry Lakshmi. But Lakshmi and Ramu are in love. Ramu has to win a race over Giri to marry Lakshmi. The rest of the story is all about the hurdles Ramu faces in order to wed Lakshmi. Winter in Tokyo is an drama-romantic movie from Indonesia. Based on mega best selling novel by Ilana tan.Keiko Ishida (Pamela Bowie), the librarian, who lives in a small apartment on the outskirts of Tokyo, gets a new neighbour, Kazuto Nishimura (Dion Wiyoko). He returns to Tokyo after 10 years living in America. The only reason of  his return: to forget Yuri, friends, neighbors, and the woman he loves, who will marry his best friend. Slowly, Keiko starts familiar with Kazuto.Keiko who is still haunted by his first love, Akira Kitano (Morgan Oey), tries to deny her own feelings. Especially after she meets with Akira Kitano. Kazuto frustrates because Keiko could never understand him. Then, Kazuto gets memory lost. That is the time when Keiko realizes how she feels about Kazuto. Striving to be independent, the blind but determined Don Baker (Edward Albert) moves away from his overprotective mother (Eileen Heckart, who won an Oscar). After settling into his new San Francisco digs, Don meets kooky neighbor Jill Tanner (Goldie Hawn). Don's quick wit and good looks disarm the free-spirited Jill, and before long they're more than just friends. Will Mrs. Baker's incessant meddling destroy Don and Jill's budding relationship? When a mother has taken an oath from her son that he won't fall in love or look 'differently' at their new female house guest, forbidden fruit seems sweeter. Hoping to find answers to her estranged father's mysterious illness, a young woman visits his old villa and uncovers a horrifying truth from the past. After losing their restaurant in the capital, Fatma and her husband Ibrahim are forced to run another restaurant in the desert. But in this universe of sand they meet Mokhtar, a wizard capable of digging up treasures that have been buried underground for centuries. 3 Gante 30 Dina 30 Second is a Kannada Feature Love Story written and directed by adman G K Madhusudhan. Film is produced by Chandrashekar R Padmashali and like minded producers under the banner Brain Share Creations Pvt Ltd. This is a story of a reality game takes place between the Hero and Heroine! The movie has a blend of youngsters Arun Gowda & Kavya Shetty in lead roles along with powerhouse performers Devaraj, Sudharani, Edakallu Guddada Mele Chandrashekhar, Ramesh Bhat, Anantavelu, T.S.Nagabharana and Gururaj Hosakote. A poor beautiful woman is forced to drive a taxi, in order to pay her father's ongoing debts at the hospital. However, a strange encounter with an arrogant businessman, changes her current condition for the better, with a proposition too good to pass by. Param and Jasmeet fall in love and they get married. Their perfect romance gets disturbed by Jasmeet's suppressed ambition however, she has dreams of going to London so that she can pursue her career and build a better life for herself. But Param unable to get a visa and that creates some high drama in their love life. A team of CIA agents and special forces head into Afghanistan in the aftermath of the September 11th attacks in an attempt to dismantle the Taliban. Erika and Tristan fell in love in their younger years. When they meet again, will Erika be willing to risk her heart again? When a reporter goes undercover as a nanny to get the inside scoop on a playboy prince, she gets tangled in some royal intrigue and ends up finding love - but will she be able to keep up her lie? Erik, Ryan, and Cooze start college and pledge the Beta House fraternity, presided over by none other than legendary Dwight Stifler. But chaos ensues when a fraternity of geeks threatens to stop the debauchery and the Betas have to make a stand for their right to party. A father worries for his younger son and asks his elder son to promise that he will do everthing in his power to ensure Arun does not go astray, educates himself and becomes an independent man. However, fate has other plans. When Arun commits an unthinkable crime, his brother fulfills the promise made to their father and shields his younger sibling from all harm. It is about a guy who thinks he already knows someone just because he's been watching her life through photos and videos.  Every night at 10, Kolkata tunes into radio to listen to 'Kuchh Bheege Alfaaz' - an episodic series of unrequited love stories hosted by RJ Alfaz who, despite his tremendous following, prefers staying detached and anonymous. Among his many fans is the boisterous Archana, a girl working at a creative agency - which designs branded memes. She is leukodermic but lives life to the fullest. They meet; or rather talk, for the first time over a misplaced call, when Archana accidentally dials Alfaaz's number, while trying to connect with her latest blind date. Thus begins an interesting relationship between two unlikely characters, one overly compensating, but in denial of her present, and the other buried under a dark secret of his past. Norma, a typical teenager who is always online, created a joint social media account for her and her boyfriend to mark their third monthsary. She gets a rare illness called electromagnetic hypersensitivity, which means she can't be around cellphones, tablets, laptops, and Wi-Fi. To help her cope with her syndrome, Norma relocates to a remote province with no signal, forcing her to have a long-distance relationship with Leo. Sameer ( Ramesh Upreti) and Raghav ( Prashant Tamrakar) are two rival businessman based in Kathmandu who can go any length to one up each other. But when Deepika (Deepika Prasain), an aspiring fashion model, enters the picture, Sameer and Raghav's rivalry takes a bitter turn and their professional hatred becomes a personal vendetta. A Romantic Love Story of a Married Couple. The Lead Actor "Subodh Bhave" is an Architect and the Lead Actress "Sonalee Kulkarni" is an Assistant Photographer. Two people are meant to be together, they will always find their way back to one another. A story of how two people realize their love, worth for each other and get back to one another with a "Happy Ending". Sam, a neurotic young filmmaker has trouble deciding which of his relationships are meaningful after discovering the affirmations of social media. Documentary two men united in creating a social and architectural experiment unique in its kind. Akira Tachibana is a 17-year-old high school student. She was once a promising athlete, but an injury has prevented her from taking part in track and field. One day, Akira Tachibana goes to a family restaurant and the manager talks to her in a tender voice. This makes Akira Tachibana begin working part-time at the restaurant. The manager is 45-year-old Masami Kondo and he is divorced with a child. Akira Tachibana falls in love with him. --asianwiki Madhukar and Parthavi fall head over heels in love with each other, but the fact that they belong to different castes of society, becomes an obstacle in their romance. The lovers dare to go against societal norms and battle all odds for the sake of love. Michelle is not one to let herself get hurt in love. With this fear, she thrusts herself in the midst of plan Bs, second options, and back-up plans - one which involves her present boyfriend and her ex. A young and successful copywriter Alan Despot, after trying in vain to renew a broken relationship with his girlfriend, goes to the island of Vis and finds himself torn between his eccentric father, another ex-girlfriend and her fiance. New situations and circumstances help Alan to view his own life from a new perspective. Italian remake of the Mexican 2013 hit, "We the nobles" ,,Love and Shukla" is the story of sex, love and the search for privacy in a small, one-room Mumbai chawl. Shukla, an auto driver from an orthodox Brahmin family, has never intimately known a woman other than the celluloid starlets he watches every day on the 4 inch display of his mobile phone. When his mother arranges his sudden marriage, Shukla and his new wife face the experience of more than 55% of couples in Mumbai: a new marriage, no experience in a relationship and a joint family love nest that offers no space for sex, much less a conversation. Their only respite is a line of old suitcases set up by his father to separate them from the family, a cell phone and a city of 18 million eyes. During shopping for Christmas, Frank and Molly run into each other. This fleeting short moment will start to change their lives, when they recognize each other months later in the train home and have a good time together. Although both are married and Frank has two little kids, they meet more and more often, their friendship becoming the most precious thing in their lives. When Daniel and Isabelle invite Patrick and his new flame, Emma, to dinner, it's with some misgivings. After all, Patrick has just dumped his ex-wife -- their best friend -- to run off with a much younger woman. But when the ravishing Emma appears, all of Daniel's qualms fly out of the window. He's instantly smitten with the seductive woman... 28-year-old Aleksi is stuck living with her parents. Desperate to escape the safe but boring bourgeois life her family has intended for her, she shirks her duties and becomes entangled with various romantic interests. Dwarfed by the dusty wheat fields of a remote farm, two mischievous boys barrel down the dirt driveway with a sticky accelerator, leaving a trail of destruction as they head towards the farmhouse where an unsuspecting Dad bakes a birthday cake. Furiously giving chase in a giant tractor is Mum.  An epic mosaic of many interrelated characters in search of happiness, forgiveness, and meaning in the San Fernando Valley. Idi Maa Prema Katha Get an inside look at the harmonious world of the Amish with this PBS documentary that takes you into their communities and dwellings and offers up fascinating re-creations of historic Amish homes. Interviews with community members shed light on their protected culture and religion, while demonstrations of routine chores, such as baking in a wood-burning stove and doing laundry using "horsepower," underscore the simplicity of the Amish lifestyle. Aries and Chai sign up for a couple's retreat program where they are given free rein to fix their marriage in whatever way possible or impossible. Two Wrongs Make a Right is a 2017 Chinese-Hong Kong romantic comedy film written and directed by Vincent Kok, starring Vic Chou, Fiona Sit and Ronald Cheng The journey of Vikran trying to win the heart of Jaanu whom he was supposed to get arranged marriage with but got rejected due to an unexplained reason. When he got to know the reason behind the rejection the story takes a sharp right turn from being romantic comedy to a suspense action movie. Intu Mintu London-Ma is a romantic drama about two modern day Nepali individuals struggling to walk the fine line between tradition and modernity. Ishan (Intu) is a young Nepali guy raised and brought up in the UK who is very passionate about anything he pursues in life. Meera (Mintu) is a daughter of nepali ambassador to the UK, who is pursuing her nursing career. Through their common friends Newson, they meet by chance and unintentionally fall for each other. Everything is going fine when suddenly things fall apart and the fate of their relationship rests on difficult choice that needs to be made by Meera. Will she be able to go against all norms for the sake of their happiness or will she be obliged to fulfill her parents wishes. Remarkable Shades of Gay is a compilation of nine short films shot by award winning LGBTQ director William Branden Blinn between 2008 and 2014. Included in the compilation are "Thirteen or so Minutes..." "Chased", "Never or Now", "Without A Mom", "Triple Standard", "Toeing The Line", "A la Carte", "Truth or Dare", and "He She We". Aravind Krishna doesn't know what he wants from life and is indecisive when faced with numerous choices. While his parents help him take small decisions in life, will he be able to decide on matters related to love? A hilarious ride of a married couple n their adorable 8 months old baby boy. Beautiful Dhampus as It's set and majestic views and mountains as the backdrop. A young dancer in a pit of despair that leads her towards self-destruction meets a doctor, who is bearing the infamy of a malpractice case. The beginning of a spiral in which fascination and madness squirm in a nightmarish love story, and where sex explores areas of extreme fetishism. A tragicomedy about Thomas, a young man whose spiritual journey to India comes to a grinding halt when he runs out of money. With help from his father, he buys a ticket home. Overjoyed by the return of his prodigal son, his father organises a welcoming committee consisting of his new, much younger girlfriend Mathilde, his autistic brother-in-law Hubert and his eldest son Simon. The latter, an avid body builder, is not keen on the reception his father has in mind... The film deals with the subject of marital jealousy in the framework of a comedy, revolves around couples who suffer from crises inside their homes. Dr. Mamdouh suffers from the jealousy of his wife (Mona) despite his love and devotion to her. On the other hand, his brother Masoud has a problem with his wife Mahasen that she is always busy with the house and children. Their cousin Ezzat suggests to them following his style with his wife (Saneyah) as he betrays her, but at the same time, he shows her love and attention. Mamdouh and Masoud are convinced of the idea and start implementing it. This is the beginning of many paradoxes and comedies. A teenage student, who fails to live up to the expectations of his doting father, seeks the help of a few anti-social people to continue his education. Karthik and Anjali are childhood sweethearts who fell in love when they're fourteen. Despite having immense love for each other, circumstances forced them apart many a time. Will things change when they grow older? Will their love story finally have a happy ending? Two former high school friends Patty and Cocoy find each other unexpectedly 30 years later, not only as organizers of their high school reunion, but also as new neighbors. Patty and her daughter Yanni's quiet lives then get an unexpected shake-up when love--in the form of Cocoy and his nephew Jason --comes knocking on their door. Moomal Rano previously titled Mohabbat Ki Aakhri Kahani is a Pakistani short film directed by Siraj-ul-Haque. It has Ahsan Khan and Saba Qamar as lead roles and is written by Zafar Meraj. The short film is being produced by Zee TV Production as part of the Zeal For Unity festival. Theo spends his 18th birthday alone, getting drunk at a brutal punk rock show. There, he meets Mag, a marginal teenager who invites him to spend the night at her place. A love story unfolds between them, but Theo has to move at the end of the summer in a small town, far away from a painful past. During winter break, a young woman struggles with her sexuality as she's torn between family expectations and her own desires. Having made her debut with the autobiographical documentary The Duckling, Ono Sayaka directs, shoots, and edits this documentary focusing on Japan's sexual minorities.  After a man starts to wear women's clothing simply hoping to be stylish, he finds himself attracted to men. After falling instantly in love with a beautiful girl, she is a "he". As the intimate moments and unpleasant complications of lovers are captured on camera, the truly ambiguous, diverse, and confusing aspects of sexuality are revealed.  A highly respected priest conspires with his mistress to poison both her husband and his own wife. An adept spoof of cinema's behind-the-scenes experiences, Not Another B Movie combines frightening and disgusting zombies with frightening and disgusting hack directions to tell a hilarious story! With a cast that includes Ed Asner, Joe Estevez and David Faustino, it's an insightful romp through the horror film industry and the horrors of the film industry. A documentary depicting the life of three teenager boys in the Tehran House of Correction. They are portrayed as victims of serious social problems such as addiction, poverty, and divorce. Mavie is 27 years old and has just moved to the French capital from the provinces. She dreams of a future as a writer but is plagued by doubt and uncertainty. 76-year-old misanthrope Georges runs a bookshop in Paris - or has he merely been forced to take refuge there to escape his past? These are two peculiar creatures indeed. Georges is cynical and no longer expects much from life, while Mavie is still brimming with expectation. Yet something magical happens between them, until Georges' dark secret suddenly catches up with him - and Mavie is caught up in something very different... Based on the true story of Homer Hickam, a coal miner's son who was inspired by the first Sputnik launch to take up rocketry against his father's wishes, and eventually became a NASA scientist. A Harvard anthropologist is sent to Haiti to retrieve a strange powder that is said to have the power to bring human beings back from the dead. In his quest to find the miracle drug, the cynical scientist enters the rarely seen netherworld of walking zombies, blood rites and ancient curses. Based on the true life experiences of Wade Davis and filmed on location in Haiti, it's a frightening excursion into black magic and the supernatural. Dreaming the Quiet Man' includes interviews with aficionados of Ford like, Martin, Scorsese, Peter Bogdanovicz, Jim Sheridan, William Dowling,  and Joe McBride. There is mesmeric archive and rare photographs of the making of the film. The main location of the documentary is Ford's ancestral homeland of Connemara, on the west coat of Ireland, where his parents were born. We meet Ford's cousins, the Feeney's who  tell the story of Ford's parent's departure from Ireland after the Great Famine and the young Ford's return to Ireland in 1922 to visit his cousins the Thornton's and saw their house being burned down by the infamous Black and Tans. Ford,  under the pretense of scouting locations for a movie,  gave money to the IRA.  We travel to Portland Maine where Ford grew up and went on to become a director in the first bloom of Hollywood. The boy made it good but Ireland was always on his mind. Balu falls in love with Anu who has come to her grandfather's house from the US. He even saves her life during an accident, but he is still not able to express his love to her. Status Quo are one of Britain's longest-lived bands, staying together for over 40 years. During much of that time, the band was only successful in the U.K., where it racked up a string of Top Ten singles across the decades. A documentary about the progress of film. Challenging the burden of family traditions, the young Amel and Mashir live a secret and passionate love story. An arranged marriage between him and Amel's new best friend will put their relationship in danger. Tearing apart social conventions seems to be the only way to stay together. George is a village boy who comes to the city and takes admission in an engineering college. In the college he meets Priya. George is a simple, innocent and talented boy and Priya falls for... After having visions of a member of her support group who killed herself, a woman who also suffers with chronic pain seeks out the widower of the suicide. No overview found Sallu ki Shaadi is an upcoming Indian romantic & action film directed by Mohammad Israr Ansari.The film stars Kashyap, Arshin Mehta, Zeenat Aman and Asrani, Razak Khan, Kiran Kumar in supporting roles. The film is dedicated to actor Salman Khan. The story revolves around a pair of teens who meet during difficult times and wind up falling in love. Mahathir is an ordinary person from outward, belonging to a lower middle class family. But the fire inside him to become a millionaire makes him different from others. A person may get some problems in life. But if life itself becomes a problem? How Mahathir overcomes his difficulties and becomes a millionaire forms the plot of the movie. Hosted by Jiminy Cricket along with Mickey Mouse and Tinker Bell, this special combines newly produced animation with clips from vintage animated Disney shorts and feature films, presented to the viewer as <<Christmas cards>> from the various characters starring in each one. <<From All of Us to All of You>> is an animated television Christmas special, produced by Walt Disney Productions and first presented on December 19, 1958 on ABC as part of the Walt Disney Presents anthology series.  The show has been shown infrequently in the US in recent years, but in the Nordic countries (Norway, Finland, Denmark, Sweden and Iceland) the show has been broadcast every year since 1959, and has become a holiday classic. Three souls vibe in the island off of northeastern Mindanao. Jade, a successful freelance photographer is hopelessly in love with her best friend of 10 years, bar manager Danny. She discovers through several challenging encounters both personally and professionally that the one thing keeping them from happy ever after is her inherent beauty - her complexion and skin tone. Her shade. On New Year's Eve of 2029, a six-mile wide asteroid is headed for Earth and set to wipe out humanity and the repressive society that now plagues Los Angeles. One young couple aims to survive this catastrophic event together while simultaneously transforming their civilization into the utopia they desire. Gentle Breath portrays a current family in the city longing for a better tomorrow.  Riga in the 30s. Wild bohemian lifestyle is the name of the game for every artist worth his salt. A young man from the countryside, poor but ambitious, arrives in the capital, where he hopes to make his mark in the artistic circles. What follows is a string of events, fraught with confusion and misunderstanding, hilarious and heart-warming at the same time. Geetha, Suni's wife, bears the brunt of his negligent lifestyle and often quarrels with him over it. After witnessing a gruesome accident, Suni and his friends find their lives taking some really unexpected turns. At the age of 35, Ece is the assistant general manager of a company that produces baby diapers. There is a happy relationship with her lover Alper. Because of Ece, they can not get married. At this very moment, the 10-year-old Ruzgar, a snatching gang member who unexpectedly enters their lives, will change everything. The heroes who try to beat the street gang are thrown into an adventure that will make them a great family. Mumbai Pune Mumbai 3 shows Gautam and Gauri's after marriage life. It is the sequel of the 2015 film Mumbai Pune Mumbai 2 (2015). A ghost appears from a laundromat dryer seeking vengeance against her husband for leaving her for another woman.  Jeeva  is an engineering graduate with loving parents who seem to have an obsession with the retro era. The girl he falls in love with, Jo, lives with her sister's family. But what happens when their lives start mirroring with another couple's? Top agent Mr. Chan (Dayo Wong) suddenly finds himself removed from duties after his partner Wonder Child unintentionally offends a policewoman, Ms. Shek. But when a financial officer goes crazy due to drugs, Mr. Chan is called back in to solve the case, which he accepts even though this means partnering up with Ms. Shek. The two have some ups and downs while working together, eventually leading to romance. Conflict arises when, Reshmi, a young woman who has been engaged since childhood to her cousin, is courted by a famous pop star. It's Nithiin and Megha Akash's upcoming film. The film is directed by Krishna Chaitanya. Pawan Kalyan Creative Works banner and Sreshth Movies banner are the producers. Thaman .S scored the music. Story of the life of silent-screen actress Olive Thomas, the wife of Jack Pickford and a former Ziegfeld showgirl. Hailed in her time as one of the most beautiful women in the world, Thomas' rising film career was cut short by her tragic, and controversial, death at age 25. Becca and Jason might save the world, or destroy it. The husband-and-wife design team have created "Your Friends Close," a video game which forces you to choose between collaboration and backstabbing in a high stakes multi-player competition. At a party celebrating the sale of their game, a sudden betrayal creates an opportunity for one close friend to share in their life-changing success. But at what cost?  A suspenseful, intimate drama with dark comedic elements and a generous dash of science fiction. A small-time businessman who runs a finance business at a local vegetable market enjoys the support of the local vendors and people in the area. All goes well for him until one day, he saves an honest police officer from being killed by a local gangster. Soon, a rivalry ensues between the two. A man shares his apartment with his elderly mother. He puts a Doris Day record, "Que sera, sera", and his life walks by in a flash.  The story of the film is quite simple and based on the lives of three young college going couples. Each one of them have a love story of their own and spend some precious times together in the college.  Things take a u-turn when they face the harsh realities of their respective lives and decide to part ways. Rest of the story is as to how these three couples reunite with each other and achieve their goals in life. A funny story of Lviv batiars (noble tramps) who live with the slogan: "To love Lviv, women and jokes". To make their life bright, they resort to various adventures, while remaining positive heroes. Unexpectedly the batiars become guardians of a young beauty and their adventures are gaining new momentum. The film's events take place in Lviv in 1938-1939. Yuan Shuai, a debt-ridden animal-breeder, tries to get out of his financial predicament by finding a wealthy girlfriend through matchmaking dates. He unexpectedly meets and fall in love with the fox demon, Bai Xianchu, who has arrived to the mortal realm to repay her gratitude. However, the head of the Demon tribe Yun Zhonghe forbids a love relationship between a demon and a human; and takes Bai Xianchu away. To seek his lover, Yuan Shuai bravely crashes the demonic world. A local toughie is hired as a bodyguard to protect a girl from the rivals of her family and becomes a natural target for her enemies. In the process, he ends up falling in love with her. Nightmares of the past haunt the beautiful, mysterious Olivia (Suzanna Love), a London resident who begins a passionate affair with American businessman Mike (Easy Rider's Robert Walker, Jr.). Trapped in a loveless marriage and traumatized by memories of her mother's brutal murder, Olivia hopes her lover will offer a chance at a new life. However, ghostly voices and brutal murders ignite a fiendish, twist-filled story of double identities, deception, and erotic terror. Adapted from the online novel Mr. and Mr. Zhang, the film tells the story of how Zhang Nan and Zhang Zhe, a homosexual couple, recover from betrayal and breakup. Zhe struggles in a life alone after Nan's leaving. With the help from his friends Chunzi and Chao, Zhe learns to be independent. Even when the truth comes out, both Nan and Zhe are too hurt to patch things up. Nonetheless, they have to choose between getting back together or letting the other one go. An aspiring actress is offered the lead in a major new play, but discovers that her mother, a more seasoned performer, expects the same part. The situation is further complicated when they both become involved with the same man. Total Dadagiri is a romantic comedy drama directed Pathikrit Basu. This is an entertaining story involving Joy (Yash) and Jonaki (Mimi) , two college graduates who fall in love, after a few twists and turns how they win the acceptance of their parents. Conflict between two people. Rajja Rani is a story inspired by the true incidents in Terai region of Nepal, where Raja struggles for his love Rani and the obstacles in their love due to the social and cultural values. Two young and beautiful sisters are caught in the center of a financial scandal with their late parents' media empire. The two are forced out of their privileged bubble and must learn to build their own future - through music and enterprise - to salvage their family's past. Abhiram is an ad filmmaker and his sister sets him on a trip to Araku Valley with an expectation of hooking him up with her fiance's sister Sruthi. She lives in Araku Valley and Abhi comes there with her sister's words. He meets Abhinaya and he falls for her as they share their past love stories with each other when they both are together. They are happy in love but the expectations of Abhiram on his girlfriend are not met by her, he disappoints. What happens next is crux of the story.  Buddies Meng Yun and Yu Fei break up with their girlfriends and indulge themselves in living the bachelor lifestyle again.  However, as their ex-girlfriends reemerge in their lives, their "Single Plan" starts to unravel! After the success of Bato Muni ko Phool (2010), the sequel "Bato Muni Ko Phool 2" is out which will mainly focus on the love story and caste discrimination that exist in Nepalese society. "Bato Muni Ko Phool 2". Most of the movie scenes are from eastern Jhapa, Nepal. Meera, a happy-go-lucky radio jockey falls in love with Varun, a very confident person but is nothing when compared to Meera in life. Fox and Owl Fisher are nonbinary trans activists from the UK--and they want to share what that means for them. With help from their community and loved ones, they explore issues such as legal recognition, language, health care, and social acceptance, delineating the challenges that they and many other people like them face daily. While education and social justice are at the heart of this film, it is also a love story of two people from different backgrounds finding each other. Through romance and activism, this couple defies gender norms and resists systems of oppression. Gopalam is a small-time tailor who dreams of becoming a fashion designer. In order to make it big, he traps a rich girl in his village. This is also the time when yet another rich girl called Ammulu falls head over heels for Gopalam. Seeing this, he too gets involved in the relationship. But the twist in the tale arises when a rich NRI enters the scene. Once again, Gopalam changes track and traps her somehow. Now, he is stuck between the three girls and rest of the story is as to whom does he end up with at the end. Vennello Hai Hai is the latest telugu film that has released today and everyone is very much eagerly discussing about it. The Vennello Hai Hai Movie / Vennallo Hayi Hayi has been directed by the veteran director Vamsy who is known for his own image films. He has a special mark in making the romantic and comedy entertainers and there are still fans for him and his films who are eagerly waiting for his kind of films. The film Vennello Hai Hai is one such film that might impress the audiences.  A forgetful young man falls in love with a girl whose father hates his condition. Notty K encounters strange events on his visit to Italy to bring back Samira to reunite her with her family .   Individually, bank employees Sanjay and Karina don't earn enough to be able to buy a home, so they decide to enter into a marriage of convenience. Pakka Plan 2016 Telugu Movie Kalo Bhromor is a murder mystery in which Hari the caretaker of the guest house Kalo Bhromor and Saathi, the daughter of the owner of the Kalo Bhromor are murdered and Smriti, Saathi's sister is raped. Smriti and Saathi's sisters Saswati, Srija, Nilabha, Saswati's husband, Sabuj, Nilabha's brother are the suspects with other residents of the guest house. The story unfolds gradually to uncover the real culprit. After his best friend Mikey goes missing, Karl goes on a search mission to find him in the supposed woodlands he was last seen in. During his search, things take an unexpected turn and Karl finds himself up against not only mother natures fury but a hidden secret that the woods harvest. Fateko Jutta is 2017 drama and Comedy film directed by Nikesh Khadka and produced by Arjun Kumar. The film stars Saugat Malla, Priyanka Karki, Kameshwor Chaurasiya and Rabindra Jha in lead roles. Fateko Jutta is 2017 drama and Comedy film directed by Nikesh Khadka and produced by Arjun Kumar. The film stars Saugat Malla, Priyanka Karki, Kameshwor Chaurasiya and Rabindra Jha in lead roles. A story about young people against the institution of marriage in society. The story evolves into a greater story which revolutionizes the culture in the country. Kishan Malhotra finds his life turned upside down, when he returns home one day to find that his place has been taken over by a look-alike imposter. A conservative lawyer named Diane takes her two teenage children Jake and Zoe to meet their estranged, hippie grandmother in Woodstock after her husband asks for a divorce. When his lawyer wife, Sofia, becomes pregnant, chronic underachiever Tom Reilly must take a job at his father-in-law's advertising firm. Tom has to adjust to the demands of a very high-powered job, and he finds himself in an increasingly hostile office rivalry with Chip, Sofia's paraplegic former lover. A young man rises his voice and farms a team against a corrupt politician.  Twelve-year-old Noura dangles uncertainly in that difficult netherworld between childhood and adulthood. His growing libido has gotten him banned from the women's baths, where his mother took him when he was younger, but he's not yet old enough to participate in grown-up discussions with the men of his Tunisian village. Noura's only real friend is a troublemaker named Salih -- the village political outcast. It's difficult to find love when you're a serial killer - when Charlie meets the girl of his dreams, he has to keep that slight flaw a secret from her. Will true love win the day? Or will she become another of his unwitting victims? Crazy For You is a romantic-comedy-horror for everyone who has skeletons in their closet - metaphorical or otherwise... Two couples go to a mutual friends wedding, and end up swapping partners. Mele Murals is a documentary on the transformative power of modern graffiti art and ancient Hawaiian culture for a new generation of Native Hawaiians. At the center of the story are two renowned street artists - Estria Miyashiro (aka Estria) and John Hina (aka Prime) - a group of Native Hawaiian youth, and the rural community of Waimea. Set against the resurgence of Hawaiian language and culture of the past twenty years, Estria and Prime tell how their street art has taken them on personal journeys to discover their history, identity and responsibilities as Hawaiian people. Neel falls in love with a gangster's niece and things go bizarre when he finds himself getting involved with the underworld. Vara is an orphan, vagabond valet driver who has a massive pile-up of debt to pay. Julie is the quintessential rich girl he loves to stalk. But when their relationship goes south and he ends up embroiled in a comedy of errors, how will Vara cope? Chandu, a swindler, falls in love with Shalini and tries to impress her uncle. When he manages to do so, she tells him that in order to win her over, he must mend his ways. A man falls in love with a ghost spirit of his girlfriend. When a young man ignores a feng shui master's warning and decides to marry before turning 30, a series of mishaps begins to curse his life. Single mother Tyree Battle struggles to keep her young son Thaniel away from the gang-plagued city streets that he is mixed up in. Under severe gang pressure, Thaniel accidentally shoots Jewish shopkeeper Eli Zeal in a botched robbery attempt. Tyree, protecting her son from the law, kidnaps Eli and flees to her hometown of Waterproof. The true story of British intelligence whistleblower Katharine Gun who--prior to the 2003 Iraq invasion--leaked a top-secret NSA memo exposing a joint US-UK illegal spying operation against members of the UN Security Council. The memo proposed blackmailing member states into voting for war. Kevin Carson is a young man living in the projects who has to survive a three-day weekend after his opportunistic neighbors find out he's holding a winning lottery ticket worth $370 million In hospital, photographer Jinx Kingsley wakes from a coma after a car crash - a failed suicide attempt, prompted by her fiance Leo jilting her to elope with Jinx's lifelong best friend, Meg. The discovery of Leo and Meg's bodies - brutally murdered in the same manner as Jinx's first husband - makes Jinx the prime suspect. Then, with the help of eminent neuroscientist Dr.Alan Protheroe, some memories begin to surface. Memories of desperation and paralysing terror. Introverted Weichung has been married to Feng for nine years. They have one son together, and Feng would like to have another child with him. One day Stephen, an old friend who now organises weddings, appears and encourages Weichung to return to the gay life he had previously. Anxious not to lose his wife, Weichung tentatively begins seeing a flight attendant behind Feng's back.  The film contains four different stories. In the first story Jahan is a 32 years old man who is dreaming of becoming famous. In the second story Afsaneh and Reza are a middle aged couple who are facing new problems and difficulties in their life. Third Laleh and Kaveh are waiting for their first child to be born and finally Sara is a young girl who is decided to live with a different identity.  In a small city of Brazil, Flor, a cooking teacher, marries Vadinho, a very handsome and erotic man. Once married she finds he is a good-for-nothing who takes all her money to gamble. After his death, Flor misses the goods of the marriage so she marries again with a very correct gentleman - the owner of a drugstore. Now she's very happy with her man, but misses the erotic moments with her previous husband. 16-year-old Hormoz is consoled by the prospect of hiring on at the strip mine as he is married off to 13-year-old Hendi. Alas, the young man finds the doors of opportunity shut tight. When Hendi becomes pregnant Hormoz enters into an ominous pact with a smuggler in order to ensure his family's livelihood. The movie is a love story between Adil and Vera who didn't have a good impression towards each other initially, until they are forced to work together on college project, and start to get really close to each other. It turns out that Adil is trying to get back up after being dumped by his girlfriend Mel, so Vera suggests that he joins a busking competition to win back Mel's heart. But as they spend more and more time together, Vera starts to develop feelings for Adil. Raghav, a young man suffers from a unique disorder of dreaming every time he falls asleep and discussing about it. However, one fine morning he has no recollection of the dream he had the previous night, which puts him in an uncertain situation and the only way to get out is to remember the dream. As he tries had to recollect he learns about his long lost love. Virginia is proud that she belongs to a clique. The best students at a private school. But before her 18th birthday, a grueling set of murders take place and her friends are the ones who are falling prey. Could it be her? She suffers from blackouts due to a freak accident one year earlier. We soon learn the truth behind her accident and what is going on... Wingman rule number one: don't fall for a client. Ruth Duffy is getting by on an assistant's salary at a pricey school for girls in Manhattan, managing to move beyond the trouble and loss of her teenage years. Jonny Collins is working local jobs near the Throgs Neck Bridge in the Bronx. When they cross paths after years apart, Jonny is as consumed with Ruth as he was in their high school days, and he infiltrates her life for love and profit. Yemaali is the story of Maali and his brother-from-another-mother, Aravind, and how they plan on killing Maali's ex-girlfriend. They even call the 'project' Yemaali, a wordplay on both their names. But why do they want to kill this girl? Because she broke up with him, of course. After being abandoned on his wedding day, Malaysian groom Amar decides to migrate to United Arab Emirates where he plans to build a new life. He swears off love while dealing with his heartbreak there. However, an encounter with a mysterious woman opens his heart to love again. Michiru is a troubled schoolboy who concocts fantasies to escape reality. He is morbid and fears death, but ponders and acts out suicides. His classmates bully and harass him and he has no hopes left. Things change when he meets Sayaka. The cute girl, he things, is his saviour. The girl, however, has a different streak. 75-year-old Giuseppe De Metrio has spent 30 years in Geneva, as foreign worker for the Broyer company. Upon retirement, he returned to Puglia, Italy, where his family had continued to live. His only grandchild, 7-year-old Carla, is blind. The whole family looks forward hopefully to the day when Carla's sight can be restored by means of a cornea transplantation. After a heart attack, Giuseppe decides to wait no longer and returns to Switzerland to ask his former boss Mr. Broyer for the money necessary for the operation, as an old promise binds the two men. Intended as a 48-hour trip, Giuseppe and Carla's visit in Switzerland becomes a journey that both grandfather and granddaughter never dreamt of... A man receives a wedding invitation from his first love who he met in high school. The story follows a young man on a quest to find his true love in a crowded Karachi neighbourhood. He must overcome the obstacles, both spiritual and physical, to achieve his goals. When the world's best spy is turned into a pigeon, he must rely on his nerdy tech officer to save the world. Telugu 2015 Movie 13-year-old Pablo is a quiet, lonely boy with a troubled past. His only friend is Julia, a shameless 15-year-old girl who is more than willing to help Pablo with his transition from childhood to adolescence, and give him some advice on sex, love and life in general. On a quiet country road just outside of the village, Pablo meets Paco, an oddly calm, well dressed stranger whose car just broke down. Nevertheless, he seems more interested in the boy than fixing his problem. Alice is a young journalist with AIDS who must start taking medication to stop the disease. On the same day of his birthday, he receives the medication to begin treatment for HIV. Without thinking, he starts a trance moved by love and fear, his convictions and imagination, guilt and desire. Alice has to learn how to live and love with that disease-fighting against family and personal prejudices. The love story between Maryam and Gabriel starts by coincidence but feels like a match made in heaven. It also marks an emotional tide change in Maryam's life in Berlin as a single mom of three daughters. Only one crucial thing stands between her, Gabriel and a "happily ever after" - prison bars. Nevertheless, the love Maryam feels empowers her not only to live in the moment, but to be true to herself when Gabriel suddenly starts to show a different side to his character. Ram helps a couple elope. It turns out that the girl is the daughter of a dreaded don. Through his misadventures, he falls in love with Chandrakala, who happens to be the don's other sister. All hell breaks loose when he finds out this truth. Ivan Yarendru Therikiratha is a rom-com about a young man who is born on Valentine's Day and yet, he has not been lucky when it comes to relationships. The film is a story of two childhood friends who live their lives to the fullest. The story focuses on the friendship, love lives and careers of both the friends and how one of them sacrifices his life at the cost of his career. Over half-a-dozen lover couples go missing and an Assistant Commissioner of Police takes up the investigation. An old fisherman compares his life with that of a modern fisherman and farmer. Film shows North East Scotland's industries, its scenery and its history. Chronicles Jack Harris, one of the pioneers of internet commerce, as he wrestles with his morals and struggles not to drown in a sea of conmen, mobsters, drug addicts, and pornstars. It was a short relationship. He, who was reading Hamlet in a restaurant meets her, when she comes to him and recites an excerpt from the book. After all, they pass all day long together, him, without knowing her name - not because of the many times he asked her. Two strangers living and having fun, singing the song of their youth, but it still remains one question he wouldn't be able to answer himself: "who would be her?" A tale of two men falling for the same girl Ammukuty, who is completely oblivious of their love. While Prakashan and Suku fight amongst themselves for her love, a third man vying for it enters her life. (Eka Dawasaka Api / ek dvsk api)  The day Parami appeared on Vimukthi's eyes he found out that she is the one who he needed to his life. Later, a day with a tension mood these two soul mates get into a train with tears on their faces to ride their last train journey together. But Vimukthi's family is strongly against to approve Parami as their daughter in law. The reason for disapproving Parami is her cast and status. Ostwind and Mika have found a real home at the farm Kaltenbach with Mika's grandmother. In the hustle of running therapy center and due to Mika's fame as a horse-whisperer, she feels that she doesn't have enough freedom and time to ride. After a serious disagreement with her grandmother, Mika secretly sets off for the night in eastern Andalusia, Spain, where she suspects Ostwind's roots are. The story of an immigrant worker who falls in love with someone, but a wealthy constructor decides to marry his love. The story of Jesse and Celeste who meets at an unexpected time in their lives. They then realize their names are the same as the characters in the popular break-up romantic comedy, Celeste and Jesse Forever. Amateur 'chefs' from around the country compete for a million dollar prize in the ultimate food fight. For Sebastian Silverberg life is all about his appearance, partying and his enormous ego. Things are going smoothly when an accident leaves him blind, forcing him to re-evaluate his life and to seek meaning beyond appearances. A young resort owner, Tarun, is going through a rough time and tries to deal with disappointments, failures, and struggles of his life. In the process of doing so, he strikes up a great bond with a resort guest, Tanya. Will this bond help them to find a new meaning of love and life? When Joydeep sets out to invite his friends to his wedding with a girl his parents chose for him, he comes across his former love interest and develops feelings for her. After the events in the previous film, Secret Service agent Mike Banning finds himself framed for an assassination attempt on the President. Pursued by his own agency and the FBI, Banning races to clear his name and uncover the real terrorist threat which has set its sights on Air Force One. A pair of monkeys decide to break free from their human handler who ill treats them. After spending money like there is no tomorrow, Gab's parents decide to teach him a lesson by no longer sending him money. With no cash in hand, Gab is forced to work as a part time cashier at a convenient store. While there, he stumbles upon Som, at the same time every night. After finding her in a wet suit in the store, Gab learns that Som has been following him and that only he can communicate with her. Wanting to know what happened to her, Gab sets out to investigate Som's life and figure out how to help her. Recently separated parents Tracie (Fisk) and Rick (Rogers) spend every other holiday with their young daughters Harper and Ava. But this Christmas, the girls have only one thing on their wish lists -- to spend Christmas with both Mom and Dad at Tracie's family farmhouse. The temporary reunion will be no walk in the park for Tracie and Rick, but perhaps this Christmas gathering can help rekindle the lost romance between the two and make their daughters' greatest wish come true. Puff, grew up as a child spoilt by her parents. During the party celebrating her return from overseas studies, she had a romantic encounter with a young university student, it was love at first sight. Dr. Burke Ryan is a successful self-help author and motivational speaker with a secret. While he helps thousands of people cope with tragedy and personal loss, he secretly is unable to overcome the death of his late wife. It's not until Burke meets a fiercely independent florist named Eloise that he is forced to face his past and overcome his demons.  Kaish Amari comes from a wealthy arab family. At the tender age of six he is sent to school and gets friendly with a young girl named Laila. Story of two people named Lily and Bily Romantic action drama about the life of an easygoing youngster named Surya, whose life take some unexpected turns thanks to the three women he meets along the way. Bolo Dugga Maiki is an entertaining movie about Samya who always lead his life as a liar. However when he meets a girl in a train, Uma, his life changes in the blessings of Maa Durga. Chef Sanjay meets candle designer Anjali during his quest for secret ingredients for his upcoming restaurant. Will he find the way to Anjali's heart? Achaamma is forced to make a promise to her father; she would not elope and marry anyone like her elder sister. While she keeps her word for the longest time, she begins to stumble when she meets Hari, her fellow mate at her college. The story begins when Tyler O'Conner, a young gay author, visits a therapist and discovers that he suffers from an anxiety disorder commonly called "Analysis Paralysis" - an inability to take action without imagining the ways that each possible choice could go wrong. The problem is that, unchecked, the condition will lead Tyler into a state of complete inaction. To confront the disorder, Tyler decides to fight through his anxiety and ask his cute neighbor, Shane, out for coffee. Despite a flurry of imagined disasters, the date goes well, and Shane and Tyler ultimately become involved. Against all odds, the relationship moves forward, but not without every step of the way - sex, moving in together, and meeting Shane's parents - preceded by an avalanche of negative, albeit hilarious, fantasies. The life story of the brave soldiers of the Pakistan Army, mainly the Pakistan Air Force. Outlining their lives, relationships, duty and hardships. Working class Danny aims to kick start a revolution by turning the tables on the establishment with a deadly game of chance. Sara, a young and diligent elementary school teacher, is about to marry Andrea, but two more men are competing for her. She needs a friendly hand to help her manage work, friends and love. A young man in order to marry the love of his life, he has to hide the fact that he can't drive from the girl's mother. A cartoonist, who detests films and movie stars, finds himself in an awkward situation when he falls in love with a film actress Jane lives with her brother Chut with her being the only one doing everything around the house. But Chut will need to learn to take care of himself when Jane becomes involved romantically with a Japanese coworker. A very in love couple with different goals and aspiration faces the inevitable after getting different career opportunities as they try to build a life together. What changes and sacrifices do they have to take to become the best of themselves? For Donald's birthday he receives a box with three gifts inside. The gifts, a movie projector, a pop-up book, and a pinata, each take Donald on wild adventures through Mexico and South America. A girl meets a girl, they cross their glance and everything changes. Suddenly you are dazzled, you are full of the other, you feel with intensity of every single second that is vanishing. From the uncertainty, being vulnerable, you seek persistently every trace of reality. Monica, a thirty-something filmmaker, tries to share what emerges in the attempt of seeing her first (female) lover, Sarai, while she is trying to find the mystery of the eyes that fascinated her. A film adaptation of D.H. Lawrence's novel. After a crippling injury leaves her husband impotent, Lady Chatterly is torn between her love for her husband and her physical desires. With her husband's consent, she seeks out other means of fulfilling her needs. Hello Guru Prema Kosame is a Telugu romantic entertainer which stars Ram Pothineni and Anupama Parameswaran in the lead role Marianne leaves Abel for Paul, his best friend and the father of her unborn child. Eight years later, Paul dies and Marianne returns to Abel. However, things have changed for the both of them and feelings of jealousy surround their new relationship. Theriyama Unna Kadhalichitten is a 2014 Indian Tamil film written and directed by Ramu. The film features Vijay Vasanth and Resna Pavithran in the lead roles, and was released in October 2014. The film marked the first production venture of Vinoth Kumar and he chose to name his studio as Triple V Productions after his father entrepreneur H. Vasanthakumar, his brother actor Vijay Vasanth and himself. He was impressed by a script written by K. Ramu, who waited a few years to narrate the film to a producer, having previously directed television serials and apprenticed under Priyadarshan. The film's soundtrack was launched in July 2013 with several of Vijay Vasanth's co-stars from Chennai 600028 (2007) in attendance. The film had a delayed release, and was stuck for close to a year after production had finished. Ian Murphy can't find a job. Layla is facing harassment at her job. At home, the two of them can't seem to connect anymore. After one faithful night, she walks out on him leaving him distraught, angry, and self loathing. Through some cosmic shift, he meets Evelyn, who is impossibly positive and helps make life seem bearable for him again.  One relationship. One love. One life. Two angles. A short comedic feature film comprised of three vignettes corresponding to the beginning, middle and end stages of a relationship.  A young couple navigates through the highs and lows of a budding relationship. Peter Bogdanovitch on Red River  A woman, who gets released from prison and reunites with her sister, discovers she is in an online relationship with a man who may be "catfishing" her. Wallace, who is burned out from a string of failed relationships, forms an instant bond with Chantry, who lives with her longtime boyfriend. Together, they puzzle out what it means if your best friend is also the love of your life. A romantic comedy detailing the funny and quirky last 30 days of a relationship between two college sweethearts who attempt to break up without the drama. Trina who has lived her whole life as a third wheel meets the man who passes her standards and believes that this man will finally make her a third wheel no more. As they get to know each other, she finds out she's actually dating a single dad with an 8-year-old boy and he actually has a good relationship with the mother. Bhagya Lakshmi(Reshmi Menon) falls head over heels for Karthick(Rahul Ravindran). She tries hard and somehow wins over Karthick. When everything seems to be going fine between the couple, Karthick's ex-lover, Vaishnavi(Jia) come into the scene and disrupts the love story. Why did Vaishnavi come back into Karthick's life? What problems did she create for Karthick? and how does he come out of this mess? That forms the rest of the story. Aditya Varma's love for Padmavati makes him want to give her a new life as she is desolated but she starts to behave in a strange manner. What happens next, forms the crux. What the movie has in store for you, wait and watch this space for more updates. Oru Indian Pranayakatha is about the life of a young political leader and his association with a woman who comes unexpectedly into his life.  On a winter day, when a tiger escapes from the zoo, a man is kicked out of his girlfriend's house. Having no place to go, he wanders from here to there while working as a substitute driver and meets his old girlfriend. Can they start again? This is the story of 103 year-old Dobri Dobrev, a Bulgarian beggar who wanted to change the world. Born in the small village of Bailovo, Dobri was the largest benefactor of the most revered Cathedral in Eastern Europe, as well as other crumbling monasteries and churches. He is praised by thousands of ordinary people who were profoundly touched by his compassion for others. Dobri has received worldwide attention from those who have been inspired by his life. His story is shared in hundreds of thousands of YouTube videos and Facebook posts. He has also been re-Tweeted on Twitter thousands of times where he is called "The most humble man on Earth" and "Dobri the Saint." Shattered by the brutal death of his best "go-girls," a local drug kingpin recruits some fresh meat to do his bidding unaware that the Electric Cord Strangler has returned and is eager to squeeze and throttle tender female throats. Stranded on an island during a zombie outbreak, a polyamorous triad sit down for dinner, but little do they know the island is the only place affected by the virus and will be bombed by midnight. "My Perfect You" is the story of Burn (Gerald Anderson), a man who's down in the dumps, and Abi (Pia Wurtzbach), the girl who helps him see the light again. Will they find the perfect love for them or will they have to fave heartbreak again? A bored housewife starts an affair with her husband's friend. Trouble for the whole family. Aimi (Ito Ono) lost her mother due to the Kyoto earthquake in 1995. She remembered watching whales with her mother and moved to Okinawa to see whale's jumping out of the water again.  Aimi has now lost hope for life. During this time, she meets a young Vietnamese man, Khoa Nguyen (Win Morisaki), who came to Okinawa to receive training at an IT company. Aimi is moved by his nostalgia for his hometown and his passion for work. She faces her life again and develops feeling for him. Nesam Nesapaduthe is an tamil comedy - romantic movie directed by Debut director Rajasuriyan. Star Casting with new faces. The movie story is about the indian lovers. A heartwarming collage of inter-connected love stories, Ahare Mon is a romantic drama that revolves around people who are otherwise forbidden to fall in love. Film version based on the Dutch TV show. The story of some senior high school students in a Chinese village, their dreams, friendships and romances.  A love story between a couple with the same last name but very different social statuses. ISHQ TERA is based on real life events of a woman with a broken mind and a man with a broken heart. The story of how men prey silently on this one disturbed Woman as her man fights to free her mind and win her heart - Again and again. Camila is too used to triumph. Smart and beautiful, she managed to achieve every goal. Camila loves swimming and doesn't know failure. However the water, that has given her success in the recent past, now leads her to the biggest setback of her life: An accident will force Camila to reinvent herself with courage, humor and love. Sweet works in a hospital as a nurse. A new patient has just been admitted. Her mysterious side and her literary tastes fascinate the young woman. Delphine, executive in the same establishment, welcomes a German photographer who came for a report. The attraction is immediate between the two women. Hafsia, who wears the veil and could be refused an exam, meets an exuberant young man whom she falls in love with. She must hide this relationship from her father ... A girl waits for her lover to regain his memory, lost due to an accident. An RPF (Railway Protection Force) officer, who starts implementing stringent rules on railway passengers, spoils the plans of a youngster who is about to elope with his girlfriend. How does the latter escape from the officer's custody? Three different stories of youth set in different cities of China.  1 Shanghai Love.  2 Sunny Breakfast.  3 Small Fashion Show.  Directed by Zhenxing Yi, the plot revolves around a young man working in Beijing. He used to live with his grandma in his less developed hometown Hunan. While he is drown in his childhood reminiscence, he receives an unexpected call - Grandma is in critical condition. Gaane Ki Aane is a 2016 Assamese language musical romance film directed by Rajesh Jashpal. It stars Zubeen Garg and Parineeta Borthakur in the lead roles. The Story of the Film is inspired by 1973 Hindi film Abhimaan starring Amitabh Bachchan. Two girls dream of the same man. One remained in their hometown, went with Shiina and wants to revisit the happy times with him again. The other moved away, returned to move back in with her parents and establishes contact with Shiina and other friends. It may be that either a rivalry or a triangle is in the offing. Miso lives from day to day by housekeeping. Cigarettes and whiskey are the two things that get her through the day. When the government doubles the price of cigarettes, Miso decides to give up her house for cigarettes and whiskey and make a list of her friends to ask a favor to stay with. A camera crew follows two "undecided" voters along the actual campaign trail, and no Presidential candidate - on either side of the aisle - is spared. Two lovers, who are different in almost all ways, get into a live-in relationship. They go through tough times as their approach towards life do not match with each other's. The woman is awoken from her mid-afternoon suburban slumber by the arrival of an attractive young man over her garden fence. The man is being chased by the police and begs the woman to hide him, which much to her own surprise, she does. The police come and go leaving them alone at the back door, the sexual chemistry between them is as clear as day and were it not for an arrival at the front door things may have progressed further. The woman has a daughter and relations are at an all time low. However, the situation becomes even more strained when the girl brings a man back one night, the very same man from over the garden fence just days before. Despite their shock, the young man and the woman keep their cool maintaining the illusion that they have never met, evidently there is unfinished business they need to attend to. Three years after the end of the Apache wars, peacemaking chief Cochise dies. His elder son Taza shares his ideas, but brother Naiche yearns for war...and for Taza's betrothed, Oona. Naiche loses no time in starting trouble which, thanks to a bigoted cavalry officer, ends with the proud Chiricahua Apaches on a reservation, where they are soon joined by the captured renegade Geronimo, who is all it takes to light the firecracker's fuse... Ahetuk is a Assamese language romantic thriller film directed by Bani Das, veteran Assamese film director and a screenwriter who delivered the Assamese audiences some blockbusters like Maharathi, Mon, Kadambari. His movies are popularly known for an individualistic stamp of visual splendor which is a combine package of romance, action and drama. Ahetuk is another entertainment package, with Gunjan Bhardwaj and Amrita Gogoi in lead role. Actor Tapan Das is also playing an important character in this film. A deep quest for the meaning of those aspects of life which are really meaningless! That's 'Ahetuk' for you--a journey in celluloid that tries to depict how we chase our desires in life and often hit a blank wall of nothingness. Produced by Raj Kumar Jain. 54-minute long documentary on the making of Frank Henenlotter's cult classic, Brain Damage. Not Available Lola, a 30-year-old failed kleptomaniac with a bad temper receives a phone call from Mar del Plata: her father, whom she thought had been dead for years, has just died, and she must travel in order to check on some things related to the inheritance. Along with Teo, her former boyfriend, and his sister Rita, she sets off in Teo's school van. In Mar del Plata, she meets Natalio, her father's partner, and everyone must now travel to Bariloche in order to spread the ashes of the deceased. Milly and Mamet are busy taking care of their baby. One day, Mamet met Alexandra, a close friend at college, who now had investors to finance the restaurant ideas they had once wanted together. Dris is an ex-con, living in the borderline between a decent and a criminal life. He has a regular and simple work and lives a simple life with his wife Lise and loves his family. However, his childhood friends from his Arab community, including his best friend Yanis, are mobsters and his brother is a small time delinquent. Yanis tries to bring Dris back to his gang, and uses his former lover Nina to seduce him, taking him to expensive places to feel the importance of big money. Dris fights against the temptation, but an event will route him back to Yanis' gang and in a fight between gangs with tragic consequences for the whole community. Max is around thirty and lives with Emma, his intimate friend. Unexpected news create a gap between them causing doubts and concerns to grow inside Max, pushing him to go out at night. Walking aimlessly, Max spends the night alone and accompanied by picturesque characters in remote places of Barcelona. A night of absurd and fantastic drunkenness that is at the same time an inner journey for Max. Yo la busco is a portrait of two friends, their breakup and the strange transforming walk through the nightlife of Barcelona. Mithunam is a 2012 Telugu Drama film directed by Tanikella Bharani. It features S. P. Balasubrahmanyam and Lakshmi.[2][3] The film is based on a best selling Telugu novel of the same name, written by Sri Ramana. Tanikella Bhranai received CineMAA Award Special Jury Award for Best Direction.[4]  Mithunam means couple in Telugu.[5] It also means an astrological sign. AMR Productions released Mithunam all over India on December 21, 2012, with positive reviews In the center of the plot are modern heroes who have taken the path of fighting crime. This drama played out against the backdrop of the terrorist attack. Graduates of the 11 "A" class meet again with their school teacher, but now they are forced to move from theory to practice and save not only their lives, but also the lives of other people. Spans the period from 1958 to the present day and tells the story of an unconditional love between a mother and her daughter which is endangered by an unsteady and manipulative father. A talented photographer stuck in a dead-end job inherits an antique Advent calendar that may be predicting the future -- and pointing her toward love. The film follows the long-distance relationship between Baneng (Barbie Forteza) and Iggy (Derrick Monasterio), two childhood friends who grew up in different parts of the world. When a young Santosh's ammamma Sita Mahalakshmi once helps him hide during a game of hide and seek he's playing with his Maradalu Sita, he takes it to heart. 20 years later, he makes it his personal mission to keep her happy, even if it means achieving the near impossible. 2014 film starring Shiva Ram and Deepshika. Massively affected by the big city, Baddi, a janitor in the morgue, makes phone calls to the yet-to-be-informed widows in an attempt to meet the one that will fulfill his fantasy of love, wealth and social status. After suffering a violent incident, a woman decides to become a vigilante, defending every woman who has suffered from physical or psychological abuse. When the movie opens, a woman is recalling the events that molded her perspective on the world. Years ago, her husband, a wealthy Western-educated landowner, challenged tradition by providing her with schooling, and inviting her out of the seclusion in which married women were kept, to the consternation of more conservative relatives. Meeting her husband's visiting friend from college, a leader of an economic rebellion against the British, she takes up his political cause, despite her husbands warnings. As the story progresses, the relationship between the woman and the visitor becomes more than platonic, and the political battles, pitting rich against poor and Hindu against Moslem, turn out not to be quite as simple as she had first thought.  Kena and Ziki long for something more. Despite the political rivalry between their families, the girls resist and remain close friends, supporting each other to pursue their dreams in a conservative society. When love blossoms between them, the two girls will be forced to choose between happiness and safety. The story through out time of a relationship seen by the eyes of the couple's closest friends. This film is a portrait of life, a portrait of people with varying life plans. It asks the meaning of life, about how to fill the gap between birth and death, and what is happiness. Short documentary pieces tell the stories of some very different protagonists of a generation: from the forest-owning family in their stately home to the factory worker following her daily routine. Robin Givens, Miguel Nunez, and Bobby Valentino star in this faith-based romantic drama about Thea Johnson, terribly desperate to be married to her longtime boyfriend Jamar. When he takes too long to propose, she decides to propose to him instead. Thea creates an elaborate proposal, but is thwarted by his reluctance. An obsessed ex-boyfriend, married &amp; single friends, and Thea s father &amp; pastor all take part in the tug of war for her heart. An ambitious young man loses his girlfriend to a rich guy. His Casanova friend hooks him up with another woman to help get over the breakup. Best friends Ford and Noah both fall for Callie, potentially spelling the end of their friendship. But then the besties come up with an idea that Callie just might be cool enough to date both of them at the same time. It's a story about a guy who stands against the bad things he is seeing happening around him like politics, administration problems, drugs, crime, etc. He Xiaoyang, who is single for four years, is mistaken as head girl Guan Xin's love interest by accident. To get rid of He Xiaoyang, Guan Xin decides to help him pursue the most beautiful girl in campus Li Shushu. With Guan Xin's help, He Xiaoyang learns the most efficient way to pursue a girl. But he can't figure out whether there is really a way to face his true love. Raku Ichijo (Kento Nakajima) is an only son and a high school student. His father is the leader of yakuza group Shuei-gumi. Raku Ichijo doesn't like to fight and he studies hard. His dream is to become a public official. One day, he passes the entrance gate at his high school and is kicked inadvertently by Chitoge Kirisaki (Ayami Nakajo). She is a new transfer student at the school. Chitoge Kirisaki is the only daughter of a rival gang leader. To keep the peace between the rival gangs led by their fathers, Raku Ichijo and Chitoge Kirisaki decide to act as boyfriend and girlfriend. --asianwiki Treachery centers on a man (Biehn) who is reunited with his estranged son at a remote wedding party. When a storm strands the party, ugly truths are revealed. A hard-working small business owner and his two associates travel to Europe to close the most important deal of their lives.  But what began as a routine business trip goes off the rails in every imaginable - and unimaginable - way, including unplanned stops at a massive sex fetish event and a global economic summit. The protagonists of movie Kanchi - Hira (Daya Hang Rai) and Kanchhi (Sweta Khadka) have chosen and carved a respectful life for them in the high Himalayan region of Nepal. These two representatives of today's youth, who have been friends since early childhood, fall in love as the movie progresses. The desire to get one another's love is so strong that neither their family nor the opposing society has power enough to stop them. Despite circumstances pushing them apart and their paths being diverged against their will, all they desire and want is love. A hard-working small business owner and his two associates travel to Europe to close the most important deal of their lives.  But what began as a routine business trip goes off the rails in every imaginable - and unimaginable - way, including unplanned stops at a massive sex fetish event and a global economic summit. Racheal Oniga, a wealthy Lagosian, is so eager to get more grandchildren that she plans a surprise wedding for her son disguised as his 41st birthday party. A ruthless womaniser leaves his girlfriend for another woman who turns out to be a virgin, he promises her nothing short of a dream,only for her to find out that she may have just been another victim of circumstance. A beautiful lady falls in love with a rehabilitating Casanova, only to find out he is the best friend of her drug-lord fiance A young widow finds love again but soon discovers her grieving is not over. Story of the relationship between the poets Ted Hughes and Sylvia Plath. A very wealthy young man decides it's time to settle down with a women who is not only after his wealth. He masterminds an idea to hold a reality show looking for love, with the help of his brother and trusted aunt. A suicidal paediatric surgeon finds a new lease of life, when he meets a charismatic free spirited woman in a bar while drowning his sorrows after one of his dearest patients dies. A high flying career woman is distraught when her long term boyfriend tells her that he is not ready for children and so decides to secure a baby daddy by any means necessary, however she is unprepared when the unexpected happens. Starring Alexx Ekubo, Tana Egbo-Adelana, Adela Elad, Lizzy Agem and Emem Ufot. Sister Sridevi is a 2017 Oriya romance comedy-drama film produced by Tarang Cine Productions. Babushan and Shivani are in the lead roles with Mihir Das and Aparajita Mohanty are in supporting role After returning from a wedding reception, a couple staying in an isolated vacation house receive a knock on the door in the mid-hours of the night. What ensues is a violent invasion by three strangers, their faces hidden behind masks. The couple find themselves in a violent struggle, in which they go beyond what either of them thought capable in order to survive. Wishing to follow in his brother's footsteps and become a surfing champion himself, a young man asks for help from a former surfer champion, who is no longer active due to a foot injury. The young man often gets challenged by defending champions but he eventually gets selected to enter the final surfing competition. Putra and Yasmin are planning to get married in a romantic place. Putra invites his grandfather, Ray, as a witness. Yasmin invites her mother, Fazira. But, mutual suspicions ruin their happy day. Fazira rejects the law from Indonesia, while Ray does not agree that his grandson does not marry an Indonesian girl.  Ray, a retired intelligence, is present at the wedding is not without cause. Ray is investigating the alleged disappearance of the Malaysian plane that was hijacked. Ray finds a bright spot of an international criminal conspiracy. But Ray does not realize that his job ruins the wedding plan. Men and Yasmin. Ray even drags them into the vortex of the problem. Their lives are at stake. Tej, a youngster who's highly attached to his family, is banished from his home by his uncle. He then finds himself in London, where he falls in love with Nandini. After long pursuit, he manages to win over her heart, but before she could even tell him, a tragic incident puts a full stop to their love story. A woman believed she was in the perfect marriage, but all that changed when finds a note from her husband. Tackling the dramatic changes in her life, the woman found comfort in a wealthy but blind young man. A relationship that starts out purely physical, transpires into something unexpected. After a beautiful young woman is disappointed, she gives up on finding true love. She has several frivolous affairs until she meets a man in an unexpected place. Highlighting the culture and uniqueness of a traditional Malay wedding in a village, the story follows city girl Farah, who is forced to hold her wedding in her hometown in the village instead of having it at an expensive or high class venue. This is so that she can fulfill her promise to her grandmother. Nevertheless, to hold a wedding in a village is not an easy task as she would require the help from various people including neighbours, relatives, friends, and let`s not forget - a large amount of patience. The movie shows how chaotic a village wedding can be, but at the same time, it is what makes Malaysian culture unique. Rokiah, A village girl who is messy (unfashionable) but full of spirit has been offered a job in a corporate company in the big city of Kuala Lumpur. Rokiah did not think she had to deal with such a condescending employer, Azmeer - a hot tempered man who calls himself "Mr. Perfect". Behind Azmeer's short tempered attitude, there's a secret that Azmeer kept to his late wife Khalisa. Azmeer has promised Khalisa that he would never marry another woman after her death; and due to that promise, It has affected Azmeer to become hot tempered. However, Azmeer's feelings towards Rokiah deepens as he slowly notices how Rokiah's behavior resembles his late wife Khalisa.  Azmeer tries to avoid falling for Rokiah, but the more he tries to avoid his feelings, the more his feelings towards her grew. The only dilemma in Azmeer's love life is the promise he made to his late wife Khalisa which is his Soulmate until Jannah. To get a big promotion, Hayley, an advertising executive who specializes in social media and all things hip, must land a toy company that is all about traditional Christmas as an account. A broken heart. A stolen car. An unexpected romance. Charmi movie A girl named Tania loves to paint and is seen as weird by almost everyone, until a village boy joins her class and takes care of her when nobody else can. Their bond turns stronger and more intense after signing a business partnership. When a charming art businessman also takes part in her life, Tania's mind juggles between her best friend, her lover, and her late dad whom she misses. A young man's love for his girlfriend, who is a model and moves very free to every one is tested by the rumors surrounding her. In the 21st Century, the "Corporation" sends a spaceship to dispose of earth's severe nuclear waste to a distant region in the cosmos. The astronauts awaken from their "cryo-sleep" to truly cry over finding themselves marooned... their fuel is not sufficient to bring them back home. The shuttle craft on board that can accommodate no more than two passengers presents the only hope, and soon a "Treasure of the Sierra Madre" type of distrust and betrayal sets in, until one by one, only one sole survivor remains. It picks up where the series left off in its final episode as the relationship of Joee and Joey moves on to the next level. Joee is about to give birth while Joey remains in love with her and tries to become a responsible foster father. 20 men are chosen to participate in the roles of guards and prisoners in a psychological study that ultimately spirals out of control.  Jess is super excited to attend her step-sister's wedding and truly become part of the family, but after only recently finding out about her existence, her step-family are less than delighted about her presence on the big day.  In 1992, a heavy rainstorm caused massive power outage in Hong Kong. At that night, two young astrology enthusiasts, Moon and Sun, met under the starry night by the seaside. When their affection to each other grew, Sun was admitted into a boarding school and would move to another country in a few months under his father's plan.  Like the sun and moon, the couple could hardly see each other despite that they were living in the same city, but their love endured amidst the separation and opposition from Moon's mother. Overcoming the challenges from teachers, friends and family, time has come for Sun to depart... An IT ant-worker in a small solitary office is forced to attend a boring conference call and finds abnormal ways of amusing himself while tuning out the phone call. A romance blossoms throughout Mumbai, Nashik and Pune. Summer in Closed Eyes is the journey of the girl named Ha (Summer), played by Phuong Anh Dao. The story begins when Ha is coming to the town of Higashikawa, Hokkaido, Japan to find her father (Cong Ninh). She explored the snow-capped region in summer, where her father lived for a long time and here she met the Japanese guy - Akira (Takafumi Akutsu) Gu Xiaojiao, a young girl from 2018 and Lu Ming, a man from 1999, discover that they have both woken up in the same bed at the same space-time. More surprisingly, they realize that they can time travel by exiting the bedroom door. The fun begins when they start to plan a number of changes within these two eras. However, they do not know that their destiny is in the hands of a mysterious person. Kate Mayer seems to have it all: a nice suburban house, two loving children and a devoted husband. But Kate is anything but happy. She is disappointed not only with her marriage, but with her entire life. In her pursuit of happiness, this frustrated mother files for divorce and gets her first-ever job, working in a small real estate agency. To complicate matters, Kate finds herself strongly attracted to her kindhearted boss, Mac. The surprising twist? Mac happens to be a woman. Will Kate have the courage to risk following her heart? It's one woman's emotional journey of self-discovery. Disconnect interweaves multiple storylines about people searching for human connection in today's wired world. Through poignant turns that are both harrowing and touching, the stories intersect with surprising twists that expose a shocking reality into our daily use of technology that mediates and defines our relationships and ultimately our lives. 17-year- old Lena falls in love with Eva, her older brother's new girlfriend. With a lot of witty dialogue "Between Summer and Fall" tells the story of how two people slowly grow close to each other even though they were not looking for love. The film paints a picture of two young women caught between their own insecurity and their desire for a connection and a place in the world. Shawn is an introverted young homosexual who slowly assumes his sexuality. His life can be summed up only in her extravagant best friend, his authoritarian and closed-minded father, and her mother, absent and submissive to her husband. During a party, he meet Ted who will make him discover what love is despite family pressure on his shoulders. A cold,husband has his marriage on the verge of failure. One day he will begin an affair with an eccentric and impulsive woman who will awaken the sensitive and affected man who slept in him. But this new attitude of his will make his wife believe that he is interested in her again, reliving the relationship. Thus, when the situation becomes untenable, the husband must make a difficult decision between moving forward with his recovered marriage or go along with a vertiginous romance that could make him a better person. Tom is a down-and-out bond broker struggling to keep his business afloat, a legacy of his brother who passed away on 9/11. Claire is a fledgling actress from a small town starting over after a personal tragedy of her own. As their lives cross, Tom must face the decision to let go of his fears and acknowledge deeper feelings for Claire or withdraw to his comfort zone. Tom's best friend, Simone, has an identity crisis and an appetite for short-term gratification. Mario, Tom's wing man and a wine enthusiast, must contend with trappings that come with being a womanizer. In the urban maze of New York, the four struggle to say goodbye to old ways to find a better tomorrow. Lala's life is turning 180deg when she met her first love, Yudhis. At first, Yudhis was nice and protecting. But turns out, Yudhis's love is more than that. Widower Rai Bahadur Pratap Singh is disappointed when he wants to marry someone poor. Pratap instructs him to forget about his love-life, his son refuses, and as a result Pratap asks him to leave the house. Years later, Pratap receives a letter in the mail, informing him that his son is dead, and that his widowed daughter-in-law and her son, Guddu, are on their way to live with him. He is delighted, and sends Prem, his nephew to receive, however, both mother and son do not arrive and are believed to be missing. Rai Bahadur subsequently finds out that his daughter-in-law is dead, and Guddu is living in a slum with a thief and drunk, Shankar. With the help of the courts and the police, Pratap manages to bring Guddu to his home. This is where Pratap will find out that money and power will not buy him his grandson's love, he will also find out that his daughter-in-law did not die a normal death, but was killed. While trying to collect autographs at a Hollywood studio, Donald meets a number of movie stars, and runs afoul of a security guard. When two campers on a peaceful weekend excursion are suddenly confronted, harassed, and molested by a pack of heavily armed outdoorsman, a brutal series of events ensues. A struggle for survival and sanity drives the surviving victim into a bloody vendetta of rage. The hunters become the hunted in a malicious game of cat and mouse. Zhang Zhe, a genius student, and Zhang Nan, a handsome swimmer, couldn't understand each other. They did not expect to meet each other at the same university. Zhe is a mathematical genius, but has a social phobia; Nan is an athlete, but he hates being used as a racing machine by his father. The two men help each other by the means of mutual encouragement. Nan helps Zhe overcome his social fears while Zhe helps Nan find the real meaning of being an athlete. Giacomo befriends a man, believing that he is the reincarnation of his dead father. A love story between a young lawyer called Emma and a Noah, a rock star. Madhav Jha, a rustic boy from Bihar who is drawn to his college-mate, Riya Somani, an affluent English-speaking girl from Delhi. There's just one hitch here. Riya is willing to go thus far and no further; Madhav continues being obsessed with her. Will the Bihar boy and the Delhi girl make it past the half-way mark? An anthology of four stories that sheds light on modern relationships from the viewpoint of the Indian woman. When Sanlian's ex-husband passes away, she discovers he has altered his insurance policy, cutting out their son in favor of a stranger named Jay. A promising rhythmic gymnast is diagnosed with a spinal cord disease and becomes paralyzed from the waist down. She is devastated. With the help of music, she will work toward a new dream. A Cockney poses as his drowned double, who is saved and poses as a chauffeur. Reza is a divorced author who is trying to adopt to his new life after divorce while he finds a new romance. Hangzhou, Zhejiang province, China, the present day. Master chef Tang Shizhe (Kenneth Tsang) tells his two daughters, the careerist Wa'er (Huo Siyan) and teenage Xiaolan (Jiang Mengjie), that he has decided to sell his upscale vegetarian restaurant, the centre of his life for 30 years. A former narcotics smuggler, now living peaceably in the Calabrian hills, is drawn back into his family's drug-trade dynasty by his impetuous teenage son. Set against the real-life contemporary art world, Female Human Animal is a psycho-thriller about a creative woman disenchanted with what modern life has to offer her. Zachary, 17 years old, gets out of jail. Rejected by his mother, he hangs out in the mean streets of Marseille. This is where he meets Sheherazade. It is the year of 2010, Xue Beijing, a 50-year-old director, is preparing to make a film about his youth and remarkable ages in late 60's. Rick is in his final year of College and finds true love (Kali Hawk - Fifty Shades of Black, Couples Retreat, Bridesmaids). The catch is she's Black and Rick quickly discovers this love isn't ordinary. Due to a near-fatal accident that has left her incapacitated and depleted of her long-term memory, a temporarily wheelchair-bound woman returns home after being abroad for six years accompanied by her bohemian boyfriend, the apparent cause of the accident. Unable to remember her family or her own childhood, she sets out, with the help of her boyfriend, to find the reason for her leaving all those years ago and quickly discovers her relatives may not be as loving as she'd thought The X-Men face their most formidable and powerful foe when one of their own, Jean Grey, starts to spiral out of control. During a rescue mission in outer space, Jean is nearly killed when she's hit by a mysterious cosmic force. Once she returns home, this force not only makes her infinitely more powerful, but far more unstable. The X-Men must now band together to save her soul and battle aliens that want to use Grey's new abilities to rule the galaxy. As Kalyan, a blind chef and Vennela, who comes visiting him at his restaurant, fall in love and start making plans for their future, Vennela goes missing. Series of unexpected and shocking events follow. Akemi suffers from a sense of loss after his cat dies. He decides to buy a used book and discovers a business card inside the book. The phrase of the book, which touched Akemi, has been underlined. Akemi becomes curious about the person Akane from the business card. He decides to contact her and they meet. Akane is a woman with a bright personality and Akemi develops feelings for her, but they are both in relationships. Akemi is dating Yayoi and Akane is dating Yuji. Akane's boyfriend Yuji doesn't have much time left to live. TWO IN THE BUSH is an unconventional romantic comedy about dungeons, a fish named Archimedes, and the many forms that love takes. Everyday, Nelia waits outside a store in Timog hoping for Delfin--a man that she lost 40 years ago--to comeback. Unwilling to forget the romance that she spent with him, she recalls their tale set amid the timeless beauty of Quezon City in 1970s. Will Nelia be able to move on? Will Delfin's love transcend through time? As Nelia and Delfin's story unfolds, 'Dito Lang Ako' becomes more than just a recollection of a past romance, it is an achingly compassionate story of heartfelt passion, tender moments and most of all, unselfish love. Single mom Dottie Ingels sells cosmetics in a department store, but she dreams of being a comedian. When she inherits some money, she takes the chance and moves with her two children Erica and Opel to New York to perform in small bars. Soon her agent Arnold Moss makes her famous, but while she travels all over USA, her children stay home lonely. Actors Heather Locklear (Ciara Hanna), Marcia Cross (Teagan Vincze), Daphne Zuniga (Ali Cobrin), and other young stars appear in the hit television show "Melrose Place." Josue, an eccentric high-school boy, sets out to win the heart of his classmate Martina before graduation. Lucrecia, Pedro, and their teenage kids Julian and Florencia set out from Buenos Aires one sweltering day in a rattletrap Renault to vacation in the Brazilian summer resort of Florianopolis.  coming soon.. Mandharam begins with the all too familiar trope - the schoolboy who spends his days dreaming about his childhood sweetheart and classmate, who, at the end of school, lets him know that she has a 'muracherukkan'. Nithya and Suraj are best friends who live together in Goa. While Nithya loves nature and finds solace in it, Suraj is an aimless youth, who likes to party. Suraj falls for Nikki, while Nithya meets Abhay . But as Nithya and Suraj continue living together, there seems to be a connection they can't ignore. A lazy law school grad adopts a kid to impress his girlfriend, but everything doesn't go as planned and he becomes the unlikely foster father. A romantic comedy film directed Rajesh Bhuyan, starring Nayan Nilim in the lead role. Cell phone novelist Yukina Himuro has decided that in order to satisfy her fans' demand for love stories, she must experience romance firsthand. However, with her icy reputation, how can she find someone willing to play the part of boyfriend? By blackmailing the most popular boy in school, of course. Newly married couple face a lot of challenges when they find out they can't conceive. Hosa Prem, English title 'Capturing True Love' is an Assamese language romantic comedy film by Pramod Sahoo. The film is written by Pramod Sahoo and produced by Aabegg Entertainment Pvt Ltd. It stars Shree Brojen Bora, Kalpa Jyoti Gogoi and Tapashree Kalita in lead roles. Harbans Rai and Ranjit Rai are two wealthy businessmen who absolutely *loathe* poverty and poor people . As fate would have it , Harbans Rai's daughter Madhu falls for a poor mechanic Raja while Ranjit Rai's son Ajay romances a poor girl Kajal . When Harbans and Ranjit come to know of it they try various ways to separate the lovers. This is the story of one gay boy who suffers from appearance-complex, starts stealing his ideal friend's photos at Gay dating application.  Vijay Govind, a young college lecturer who dreams of marriage falls for Geetha, a level-headed woman who's wary of strangers and isn't easy to convince. While things seem to go smoothly, Vijay makes a terrible mistake which not only derails any hope for his love story, but also potential repercussions with his family. Ayushman Bhava is a Telugu movie starring Amala Paul and Charan Tez in prominent roles. It is a drama movie directed by Charan Tez. An unexplained event has given everyone super-human abilities, but it can be hard watching life unfold when yours is not-so-super.  Peter Parker and his friends go on a summer trip to Europe. However, they will hardly be able to rest - Peter will have to agree to help Nick Fury uncover the mystery of creatures that cause natural disasters and destruction throughout the continent. Ganapathi, a cartoonist, is diagnosed with a neurological disorder called Alien Hand Syndrome, which poses a hindrance in his daily life. Despite the disorder, Ganapathi attempts to achieve his goal and also goes on to woo the girl he loves. This story is based on a long forgotten folklore of Veera and her brother, adapted in today's time. It still has the essence of Guru Nanaks blessings to mankind. A starry-eyed employee of a hot cosmetics company hires a dreamy photographer who is secretly indebted to a major rival -- her sketchy aunt. Qiang is a postman, secretly in love with his housemate Xia. One day, while working, Qiang comes across a theater company working on a play that will turn his life upside down: the story of a young girl saved from suicide by a postman. Stephanie and Tega are best friends since they were five years old. They did everything together, they had never even gotten into a fight before until now. This is story about a friends, a boy and a major fight. Five female filmmakers en route to screen their new horror film in Los Angeles, experience their own real life terror when they cross paths with deranged scientist hellbent on using them for his twisted experiments. Five Class 11 students continue with their mischievous ways till a new teacher joins their school and puts her faith in them, despite the opposition from other faculty. While the boys change their ways, a shocking incident leaves a lasting impact in their lives.  Three unemployed men find the answer to all their money problems when they receive a call from a kidnapper. However, things do not go as planned. Emir is a handsome, rich, successful man in his thirties. He was born into a family of workers and dedicated to study. He works day and night by putting everything in his life into the background. One of Turkey's most important investment bank has been working as an investment adviser at. He has been a complete predator in terms of working hard. Because there was no opportunity to learn to establish relationships with people, there was a big gap in Emir. One night, Emir's life changes when he meets Zeynep, the worst street singer in the world, and they both begin to help each other without knowing it. This film dramatizes events that occurred as the hostility between India and Pakistan over Kashmir came to a head in 1999, when more than 1,000 men crossed the "Line of Control" that separates the two locations. Taliban and Pakistani soldiers took over the area, blocking the main road that linked the regions. Standing their ground, Indian soldier drove them away, but not without losing more than 400 of their own men first. Sota Nishino (Ryusei Yokohama) is a good looking high school student. He meets Mai who is his friend Yukihiro Nanase's younger sister. She is also a high school student and somewhat naive. Sota Nishino mutters to Yukihiro Nanase "Your sister is cute." Mai overhears Sota's remark through the thin wall between her room and her brother's room. Nannu Dochukunduvate revolves around a software company who strictly does his duties, and is a happy go lucky employee.Nannu Dochukunduvate movie is a romantic entertainer written and directed by RS Naidu Produced by Sudheer Babu under Sri Ramachandra Murthy (Rahul Vijay) aka Chandu is a happy-go-lucky 'rebel' with no ambition in life. Sheetal Jain (Kavya Thapar) is the precious daughter of Pramod Jain (Murli Sharma). She falls in love with Chandu's good nature but what happens when her father decides that he needs to change to be worthy of his daughter. Director Franco Zeffirelli's beloved version of one of the most well-known love stories in the English language. Romeo Montague and Juliet Capulet fall in love against the wishes of their feuding families. Driven by their passion, the young lovers defy their destiny and elope, only to suffer the ultimate tragedy. Documentary based on a book by Pedro Chagas Freitas An organised arts teacher has only one main problem in life, which is his father - a painter always going from one party to the next. When the father lives through his second heart attack and still refuses to change his lifestyle, Julius will have to find a way to influence his behaviour. Ananta, Sujoy, Ananda and Rajasaunkar Dhol who were very close friends from childhood. Ananta, a fashion photographer lived in a rented house, which is owned by Khagen Mal. His three ... It's graduation weekend, and Sandy Channing, the popular class president of her small-town high school, should be enjoying the time of her life. But when her friends start disappearing, Sandy discovers they have unwittingly awakened the vengeful spirit of a girl they wronged long ago. Fighting for her sanity, Sandy must unlock a dark secret from her own past before it's too late. The storyline is about 3 characters of Babbu Maan in different places and in different eras but the three stories told are love stories of the individual. A strong, compassionate lover teamed with different women in different places. They have shown the yesteryear in a rural village of Punjab, today's story in modern Punjab and Chandigarh and another story setup in Canada. Shiva is just looking to sow some wild oats before settling down, until he falls in love with his beautiful neighbor.  When a city-bred girl comes home to her village, she falls for the macho village boy and asks him out. As a passionate romance brews, the guy falls madly in love with her, but does she feel the same way? Or is it just a passionate summer fling? Ayuha Samaru (Minami Hamabe) is a high school student. She is honest and works hard at everything, no matter what. One day, she has trouble at a gyudon restaurant due to money. A man at the restaurant, Yoshitaka Hiromitsu (Ryoma Takeuchi), helps her out. The next day, she finds that Yoshitaka Hiromitsu has come to her school as a substitute teacher for her ill homeroom teacher. Ayuha Samaru now believes that Yoshitaka Hiromitsu is her fate in love. She keeps expressing her feelings to him. --asianwiki  Sunny Holiday, an aspiring singing star, abandons his wife and young baby to set off on a nine-month tour of bleak western towns. He takes off with his road manager in a pink Chrysler in search of their own version of the American Dream: a country loving audience. Stories of... Lust, Love & Life  3 childhood friends who have never left their hometown in the suburb try to get into porn as a way earning easy money. A heartfelt romantic comedy movie about modern age relationships and the transformation of the lead characters. This movie is also a celebration of 24 unique kisses varying from romantic to heart-warming. Deniz goes to Izmir when she sees the danger of losing her great love Emre,who has not succeeded in forgetting. Melisa, who is competing to steal Emre's heart. For Yasuko every day is a challenge. Due to her mental illness and hypersomnia, simple things like household chores and holding a job seem impossible. Added to the mix is an indifferent, almost distant boyfriend and an ex-girlfriend with plans to win him back. Roberta is a bored suburban housewife who is fascinated with a woman, Susan, she only knows about by reading messages to and from her in the personals section of the newspaper. This fascination reaches a peak when an ad with the headline "Desperately Seeking Susan" proposes a rendezvous. Roberta goes too, and in a series of events involving amnesia and mistaken identity, steps into Susan's life.    Haruma is an up-and-coming photographer who is getting full exposure at a photo exhibition in a Tokyo photo gallery. Rei, a beautiful curator at the Yamanashi Prefectural Art Museum, is fascinated by the photos she sees and calls Haruma to request a photo-shoot with an intimate part of herself as the subject. The only rules to this shoot are that no questions must be asked and Rei will be given the negatives. Haruma is initially surprised but goes along with the job, however, Haruma's pregnant girlfriend Natsuki grows frustrated over being kept in the dark about their work and jealousy develops in their relationship as passions blow up. Chandu is a bachelor and works for an animation company. Amidst the daily hustle, what he really craves for is a relationship. And that's when he meets Shruti and Shweta. The events that follow afterwards form the crux of the story. While Arjun doesn't want to get married, his parents set up a blind date for him at his place. The story revolves around Arjun, how he falls for the girl he's about to meet, why and how he changed his decision to get married. A successful businessman who remains away from his family for a long time witnesses a drastic change in his life when suddenly his present gets confronted by his past. In the summer of 2008 Demon Hunter embarked on the most prolific tour of their career, a 45 night pummeling of the United States, aptly titled the "Stronger Than Hell Tour". 45 Days and 1 Night is an exclusive audio/visual journey that follows every step of the band during this ground breaking tour. A year after Amber helped Richard secure the crown. The two are set to tie the knot in a royal Christmas wedding -- but their plans are jeopardized when Amber finds herself second-guessing whether or not she's cut out to be queen, and Richard is faced with a political crisis that threatens to tarnish not only the holiday season but the future of the kingdom. Kai, a distraught man meets Lani, a strong, confident woman who seems to have answers to all of life's most difficult questions. Kai realizes that with Lani's wisdom and 'go-get' attitude, he may be able to fix everything in his life. Ferdi is an ethnic Turk who runs guest houses and apartments in Ljubljana, the capital of Slovenia. He has earned money from the tourism and real estate boom over the past few years and has had the help of his wife Nurdan but despite her faithfulness and his adherence to Islam, he always chases single women who stay at his properties. Nurdan cannot endure Ferdi's callous treatment of her and after a confrontation, she leaves. Ferdi gradually becomes aware of how much her existence is important to him and decides to go back to her home-town in Macedonia. Will he be able to win back her love or has Nurdan checked out of their marriage for good? An endearingly inept guy who has killer looks but zero experience with girls falls in love with a hard-to-get beauty. James has never had a girlfriend; his brother Ben is a ladies' man; their friend Willie has just been dumped. As Ben works to rebuild Willie's confidence, James secretly finds love with Willie's ex. A grieving suburban teenage girl attempts to escape her family by allowing herself to be drawn into a captivating charismatic church. A story about Faith, a hardworking marketing professional who has an unlucky streak in romance. After over a decade of not seeing each other, she reaches out to her college classmate Julius, an aspiring musician. After an awkward situation brings them together, the two hit it off and an unlikely friendship blooms. As their friendship gets deeper, so does their feelings for each other - leading them to try being a couple. But their friendship will be tested by the expectations and problems that come with a relationship. Faith and Julius would journey to understanding that sometimes, choosing to commit to someone is also choosing to grow. One tech entrepreneur man competed to win big money to set up his startup business. But the prize money is enormous. The competition is intense and the barriers are even more difficult when it comes to competing with the people who inspired them to enter the business first. To My 19 Year Old In 1976, four hijackers take over an Air France airplane en route from Tel Aviv to Paris and force it to land in Entebbe, Uganda. With 248 passengers on board, one of the most daring rescue missions ever is set in motion. 3 men fall in love with a woman. They change themselves to whom their love admires. The men become famous Japanese musician Yutaka Ozaki, popular American actor Brad Pitt and historical political figure Ryoma Sakamoto. Just as a man discovers that the girl of his dreams has been with him all the time, she walks out the door. A father and his young son share a house, a yard and very different ideas about masculinity and appropriate uses of army toys. The father and son both assert themselves with action rather than words. Extremely shy Lars finds it impossible to make friends or socialize. His brother and sister-in-law worry about him, so when he announces that he has a girlfriend he met on the Internet, they are overjoyed. But Lars' new lady is a life-size plastic woman. On the advice of a doctor, his family and the rest of the community go along with his delusion. Viola and Nicola are going through a rough time. To overcome this crisis, they decide to spend a weekend in a remote cabin belonged to Nicola's parents. Just a couple of days together to heal their wounds, , but everything will take a turn for the worst, when a sneaking suspicion become pure madness. What was supposed to be a quiet trip will suddenly slip into a deadly nightmare. Stoker Thompson is a 35-year-old has-been boxer. His once-promising fighting career has come crashing to the end. Tiny, Stoker's manager, is sure he will continue to lose fights, so he takes money for a "dive" from a mobster, but is so sure that Thompson will lose that he doesn't tell the boxer about the set-up. At the beginning of the last round of the vicious boxing match he learns of the fix. A U. S. Marines dog is returned to his young owner in the small town of Monrovia at the end of WWII, but a grouchy neighbor believes the animal's military training makes him a threat to the community and files charges to have the dog destroyed. Pamma is struggling with reconciling his life as an ex star Bhangra dancer with little hope in his current life of petty jobs, living in Canada. He has lost almost everything until an unexpected turn in his life helps him to uncover the emotions he has stored since he was a star dancer. Pamma's passion is reignited in more ways than one. Nathan and Lucas are together for several years, and they understand they don't fit exactly to each other : they don't have the same dreams and ideas for their future - Their love will be strong enough to overcome the obstacles. Pedavi Datani Matokatundhi (English: I Have a word which I haven't Told Yet) is an Indian Telugu language, fantasy romantic comedy film directed by T Guru Prasad, written by TG Keerthi Kumar and produced by Aditi and TG Keerthi Kumar.[1][2][3] It features Raavan Reddy and Payal Wadhwa and Naresh in the lead roles.[4][5][6]. The film was released on July 27, 2018.[7] This documentary movie shows riscs and dangers of gene manipulation on plants. It uses the example of so-called BT-Cotton in India. Rhythm is a 2000 Tamil film directed by Vasanth. The film stars Arjun, Meena and Manivannan in lead roles and Ramesh Aravind and Jyothika in cameo appearances. The music is by A. R. Rahman, while cinematography was handled by P.S. Vinod and Arthur A. Wilson. The film was released in August 2000 in India and worldwide. Based on the real events which widowed people face while setting a steady course for their lives, the movie contains elements of both arthouse and commercial cinema. The film won critical acclaim upon its release Summer 1989, East Germany. Adam works as a tailor, Evelyn as a waitress. They are planning a vacation together when Evelyn finds out that Adam is cheating on her and decides to leave for the holiday on her own. An epic love story centered around an older man who reads aloud to a woman with Alzheimer's. From a faded notebook, the old man's words bring to life the story about a couple who is separated by World War II, and is then passionately reunited, seven years later, after they have taken different paths. Dex is known around his office as one of the most successful players in the dating game. He gets a run for his money from the latest office recruit, Jerry Williams. After a wild ride of manipulation and crafty games, Jerry turns the tables. Dex definitely finds out that the true player, is Jerry. A story of young couple, Primo and George, who are in a long-term relationship and are already building and planning their future together. Their love will be put to the test as their relationship faces hurdles from misunderstandings to different career paths, among others. How will they save their "us"?   Harry Potter has lived under the stairs at his aunt and uncle's house his whole life. But on his 11th birthday, he learns he's a powerful wizard -- with a place waiting for him at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. As he learns to harness his newfound powers with the help of the school's kindly headmaster, Harry uncovers the truth about his parents' deaths -- and about the villain who's to blame. The film, Ahmad and Maryam depict a forbidden love story between a young Syrian Muslim man, Ahmad and a young Syrian Christian woman, Maryam. A story about the power of love and the price lovers can be prepared to pay to be together. Ahmad, the main character escapes not only the war in his country but also the impossible situation he and Maryam are in through their love for each other since they can't be together in a society where the culture and the people around them don't accept their union. They get married in secret in Damascus shortly before his escape and they carry the secret in their hearts. He flees to Sweden where he will start a new life and prepare everything so that his loved one can come and meet up with him later. Jillian, a successful political consultant whose next big project is the upcoming mayoral campaign for her boyfriend, is on the way to meet George's family for the first time. After an unusual confrontation with a toy store Santa, Jillian can't stop herself from wildly spilling the truth. Jillian must find a way to make it stop before her holidays, her job and her relationship are ruined. An old music store that sold vinyl records is closing down in Mumbai. Shweta, an intern at an online music magazine works on her first feature story about the closing of the store. In an almost empty shop, she finds years of memories. The old man and his nephew who run the store become the subject for her story. Shweta discovers a diary of song lyrics Vivek had hidden away from the world. The shy musician in him finds them incomplete. She inspires him to continue making songs. While the story of the shop ends, another story begins for Vivek and Shweta, that of love and music. Reality and expectation collide as Mona delves into her past and prepares to meet her estranged Iranian father. After a chance encounter, Pia  and Nix instantly hit it off. Natural conversations eventually develop into deep attraction. Despite their wounds from previous relationships, both decide to take a chance on each other.  But when their love blossoms into a relationship, their differences will test their love and will make them question: Are they ready for love when they're still carrying baggage from their past? During a piano lesson with Johnny, Miss Crawly becomes nostalgic about the dancing and romancing of her youth. Johnny convinces her that it's not too late to find someone and helps her setup a profile on a dating website. A woman is raped on a crowded subway. No one reports it to the police. A TV studio exploits the incident to boost ratings, with tragic results, including the victimization of the reporter sent to harass the gang members who committed the crime. Ren Hao Ming thinks it's Ruan Qing Tian's mother who stole his mother's design and then killed his mother. So he asks Ruan Qing Tian to be his nanny for one year to repay her mother's debts. He also marries her based on a contract, so as to take more revenge on her. However, during further investigation, he finds that the murderer is someone else. At that time, Ruan Qing Tian gets pregnant with his child and prepares to get rid of his imprisonment. Set in a 19th-century european village, this stop-motion animation feature follows the story of Victor, a young man whisked away to the underworld and wed to a mysterious corpse bride, while his real bride Victoria waits bereft in the land of the living. Herbie is a car - but no ordinary car. The story follows the Volkswagen Beetle with a mind of its own from the showroom to the race track, with various close escapes in between. Three further Herbie movies were to follow. Funny mermaid Princess Sunny secretly sneaked into the human world, unfortunately, "cargo" lost the important scales. In order to return to the ocean, Sunny had to go ashore all the way to be searched, by well-intentions human girl Amy and Qiqi rescued from the museum, but also inadvertently and scale integration campus male god Wen Zhengxi launched a vigorous pursuit. Sunny is about to return to love the ocean back to the moment, the crush of Wen Zhengxi's eldest sister, Rowling has seen Sunny's mermaid identity, and with the mermaid's perversity of the glasses, teacher launched a mermaid arrest, Sunny's life So at stake. The journey of the three friends who face different situations as they travel along. coming soon.. 4 friends have been together since high school. And now, when one of them is getting married, all three of them must confess their feelings before it's too late. A man who travels in the past has met a woman who travels the present at Khaosan Road, in Bangkok, Thailand and becomes a porter of her and leaves the road together. Yakut movie A 45-year-old virgin has a hard time adjusting to society and he keeps himself in his own world. An RCMP officer is ordered to discreetly take a Russian immigrant into custody in advance of a state visit by the Soviet premier. When the prisoner is kidnapped, the officer is drawn into a complicated assassination scheme. A young Scottish singer, Rose-Lynn Harlan, dreams of making it as a country artist in Nashville after being released from prison. England, 15th century. Hal, a capricious prince who lives among the populace far from court, is forced by circumstances to reluctantly accept the throne and become Henry V.   Traveling from town to town during the summer of 1919, young Andy (Ron Howard) has left his Ohio home in search of adventure and romance as a horse trainer on the country fair racing circuit. Ashamed of his occupation, Andy leads Lucy to believe he's wealthy. Soon one deception leads to another... until there is no way to tell Lucy the truth. Cast: Sanjeev, Sethna, Sampath, Manobala, Singamuthu  Direction: Solairaja  Music: K Sathya The story revolves around people's dilemma and their choice to go for love or for their ambitions. Taking place in different ages, the lead characters will come to understand the meaning of love, friendship and dreams to achieve their life goals. Uncontrolled Love 2 is the second part in a two part movie series. The story is based off of a BL novel of the same name. It's about a master and servant that turn into something less professional and more personal. Shu Nian was a child orphan was adopted by Xie Yan's family to act as Xie Yan's friend and servant. As the years went by the two discovered that their close relationship no longer came from a platonic place, but was more romantic in nature.  The movie has two different endings: a Sad/Bad End and a Happy/Good End. An intriguing story about a girl with a lot of problems and three men trying to make a film. A meteor shower threatens a small American town. When a down-to-earth Chicago baker and a soon-to-be princess discover they look like twins, they hatch a Christmastime plan to trade places. Based on a What if? dialectic, women are taking the role and position of men in the society. We see the stories of some couples with the woman being patriarchal and in control. Under the new fictional situation, a lot is revealed about relationships. Eun-joo dreams of being a plastic surgery specialist while she works as a nurse. At night, she has a job as Nabi, having sex on the phone to come up with money for her dad's medical bills. La Belle's madam Big Mama pays her girls in advance and forces them to do sexual activities like body cams while she rips them off their money. At La Belle are Candy, Cherry, Eunmi and other girls with stories but have sex on the phone with men.  Meanwhile, Joon-ho, Eun-joo's hospital director starts showing interest in Eun-joo who looks like his dead wife and they develop a romantic relationship. However, Eun-joo doesn't open up to him so he starts to feel disappointed. Joon-ho starts getting obssessed with her the more she pushes away from him until one day he sees her going to her night job. Beatriz, an 18-year-old girl, tries to return to life after a heartbreak. Working in her mother's flowershop, she spends the days with her friends Naty and Fabiba. She decides to join a troupe of amateur clowns dedicated to charity work. In the group, Bia discovers her inner clown, Tutu, and falls in love with Daniel, o boy that studies cinema and acts as a mute clown. coming soon.. Friends head off to the remote island of Martha's Vineyard to celebrate New Year's Eve and reconnect. As tensions rise, an unforeseen presence halts celebrations and instead turns their holiday into a fight to live through to the new year. When South Carolina closed its dams the striped bass origanally an ocean fish became landlocked and unable to go to saltwater. After several years, fishermen and biologists realized the fish were thriving and reproducing incredibly for the first time ever in freshwater. The story of Joanna, a 14-year-old girl who feels pressured by her peers to lose her virginity. The story, told primarily from her point of view, follows her as she self-destructs, becoming involved in a world of sex, drugs and betrayal. Including graphic and sometimes violent underage sex scenes, the film portrays an occassionally exaggerated but nonetheless disturbing and thought-provoking view of teenage sexuality. An architect witnesses a brutal murder in a small Texas town.  Jess, a bellboy working at The Manila Hotel, is gifted an all-expenses paid stay at the hotel's most expensive suite. And during his stay, he encounters Veronica, a professional golddigger. Jess keeps up the illusion of being a rich guest of the hotel, hoping to get Veronica to fall in love with him before he has to tell her the truth. Satya and Saavi are a couple who are poles apart in personality and are introduced to each other as prospective marriage partners. Their crazy romantic story forms the crux of the plot. Iwao Shishido has found a wife. After paying three million yen for a bridal tour to the Philippines, he comes home with Irene, who is promptly confronted by Tsuru--Iwao's freshly widowed mother, who's infuriated her loser son has married a woman she's never met. Sultry vocalist and pianist Norah Jones is known for a unique blend of jazz and traditional vocal pop with hints of bluesy country and contemporary folk. Her debut album sold 18 million copies worldwide and earned Jones eight Grammy Awards. In this special show filmed in 2010 at St. Ann's Warehouse in Brooklyn, Jones performs a blend of covers by the likes of Tom Waits and Wilco, hits such as "Don't Know Why" and "Come Away With Me," and tracks from her fourth album, "The Fall." After waking up from his wacky dream, a theater stage hand inadvertently causes havoc everywhere he works. Romcom with Nan Xie A man decides to lose himself in the Death Valley desert. While on his journey, he encounters a woman who accompanies him on his quest. As they embark deeper into the desert, heat and fever push them to extreme, psychological limits. Qi Ming is a handsome boy and he is also a top student at school, but Yi Yao is a so-called bitch on everyone's lips. Qi and Yi grew up together and they have been maintaining a good relationship. However, everything is interrupted and changed by Tang Xiaomi. Rumors have become a sharp weapon to destroy people. Yi Yao's life falls into darkness, and she suffers all kinds of cruel bullying at school. Just out of college, Abbey navigates a relationship with her troubled friend Jude who has recently been diagnosed Bi-Polar. Abbey is thoughtful and guarded while Jude is her opposite, an intoxicating catalyst who lives every day as if it is her last. Friends forever - or at least until the fateful day when they both meet the enigmatic Henry. Set against the cityscape of New York and the rural mountains of North Carolina and shot on an iPhone, the film offers a modern commentary on falling in love through the youthful gaze of the camera that we all carry around in our pockets. Connections of people who have stopped believing in love, though in the depths of their hearts, are just waiting for such true love. Bunty and Babli are two avid dreamers. Two free souls born into caged small town realities. They grow weary of being two specks on the horizon. They desire the horizon itself.And so they pack their aspirations in worn out bags, whip a scarf of confidence around their proud necks and set forth. On a journey across the length and breadth of the country, spinning circles around the people they meet. Every year, Isabelle (Tatyana Ali) and her high school sweetheart Mike (Cornelius Smith Jr.), rocked their small town's annual Christmas Eve Pageant with a sweet Christmas duet. But after graduation, Isabelle left to study at Juillard in New York - leaving Mike behind. Years later, when Isabelle returns to her hometown to write music for the annual Christmas Eve Pageant, she is shocked to learn that Mike is the one directing the show. Can Isabelle and Mike put the past behind them and reunite on stage for another show-stopping duet? In this reworking of Cinderella, orphaned Connie Harding is sent to live with her rich aunt and uncle after graduating from boarding school. She's hardly received with open arms, especially by her snobby cousin Barbara. When the entire family is invited to a major social ball, Barbara sees to it that Connie is forced to stay home. With the aid of her uncle, who acts as her fairy godfather, Connie makes it to the ball and meets her Prince Charming in Ted Drake, her cousin's boyfriend. In 2030 Britain, a humanoid Alien lands on the shores of Liverpool and befriends an isolated girl. Meanwhile, the instatement of the twenty five year old, xenophobic ex-actor Michael Crank as the new Prime Minister ensures that the Alien's arrival is far from welcoming. Unadventurous office worker Hannah and her childhood friend Trixie's world is turned upside down when the ghost of her late sister appears; guiding them on a road trip to scatter her ashes at a destination she once sought but never found. What starts off as a simple journey turns into an unpredictable adventure and the two friends must overcome their sheltered existence and find out who they really are and what they are truly capable of. As they file into the deliberation room, 11 jurors are ready to convict the defendant of 14 counts of murder, but one holdout forces the others to reevaluate the evidence -- and their own motives -- in this tense courtroom drama. As the jurors sift through the case, more of them start to lean toward an acquittal, but could one of them have a hidden agenda? This thriller starring Yancy Butler and William Forsythe holds plenty of surprises. When U.S.-based Siddharth visits his Indian home town with his new wife, he insists they stay at the ancestral home, laughing off family members' warnings of ghostly goings-on in the mansion. But events soon make him reconsider his beliefs. As unexplained and terrifying occurrences arise, Siddharth calls on his doctor friend to help solve the mystery. What will be the outcome? Will Siddharth's friend be able to solve this riddle? Is Binay's nervousness, on seeing Gayatri, a normal repercussion of love or something more Shesh Theke Shuru is an 2019 Indian Bengali language action drama film directed by Raj Chakraborty while story, screenplay and dialogues were written by Aditya Sengupta. The film features Jeet, Koel Mallick and Ritabhari Chakraborty in the lead role. K, a radio producer who loves a woman named Cream, is told that he has only a few months left to live. Because he knows Cream's biggest fear is to be left alone, he keeps his illness a secret and urges her to marry a guy named Ju-Hwan. One day, Cream announces that she is in love with Ju-Hwan... The beautiful 500-year-old vampire who lived a quiet life running a dressing room in a secluded alley. There has come a fatal crisis to her. The smell of the boy who likes her constantly stimulates her vampire instinct which has been suppressed for a while Muta Mesthri is action based movie in which, Bose (Chiranjeevi) is a very patriotic man who fights for the rights of the local market workers against Aatma, the nearby underworld don. Seeing his dedication for helping the working poor, the chief minister (Gummadi Venkateswara Rao) asks him to enter politics. As a politician, he takes charge of a special branch of commandos and destroys Aatma Billie, a teenage rock star, moves to the province and meets Emma, a model and almost the perfect example of a good daughter. Together, they go through the experience of first love. An unscrupulous boxer fights his way to the top, but eventually alienates all of the people who helped him on the way up.  A young New York fashion executive's trip to Milan takes a bad turn when he is kidnapped and whisked off to an Alpine village to be held for ransom money. Little does he (or his three abductors) know that the small, rustic cottage they end up spending the night in is under a gypsy love spell. Or that when they awaken, they will be Smitten! by the first living soul that meets their eyes. A successful Atlanta businesswoman reunites with an old high school friend at his wellness facility. She is reminded of the transformational power of love, hope and faith, all amplified by the spirit of the holidays. 22-year-old Parvathy is a free-spirited girl who loves to live life on her terms. However, when she is left with no option but to tie the knot with a man of her parents' choice, her life takes a 360 degree turn. Mohan and Parvathy migrate, and this marks the beginning of their new life together. But Mohan's priorities are clearly defined from the very start of their relationship. He invests all his time in his work. His intentions are pure; to build the perfect life for his family. But with a new addition to the family and as the years go by, Mohan gets further involved in his work. It is only after their son, Rohit, graduates that Parvathy decides to take a drastic step, shaking up her 20 years of marriage. Harry Holt returns to Africa to head up a large ivory expedition. This time he brings his womanizing friend Marlin Arlington. Holt also harbors ideas about convincing Jane to return to London. When Holt and Arlington show Jane some of the modern clothes and perfumes they brought from civilization, she is impressed but not enough to return. Teruko (Yukino Kishii) is a 28-year-old OL. 5 months ago, she fell in love with Mamoru (Ryo Narita) at first sight. Since that time, she has not cared about her work or her friends. She then loses her job and her friends look at her coldly. Yet, Teruko is happy as long as she is with Mamoru. Meanwhile, Mamoru thinks Teruko is an easy woman for him to not love. Teruko's unrequited love grows deeper. --asianwiki Hanum and Rangga arrived at JFK Airport, but New York apparently still want to keep them. Andy Cooper from Global New York TV (GNTV) offers an opportunity that Hanum can not reject: being a producer of GNTV television programs on the world of Islam and America an ideal Hanum has dreamed of. Hanum can not accept the offer because she has to return to Vienna with Rangga. There is a vampire who has been quietly stalking the streets of New York City for a hundred years. When she saves a young woman from being sexually assaulted on the stairwell of her building, she has cause to reminisce on a life spent in shadows, fearing the daylight and everyone who walks in it. A new detective was sent to investigate unusual events in a rural village in the north-east of Thailand which was believed to be involved with the mythical giant snake called Nakee. Two twenty-somethings from Latvia meet in the south of France. Leo studies restoration, Anna has lived in Marseille for some time and works as a hairdresser. Also, she looks very much like the image of a girl that Leo has uncovered restoring an altar painting. Sun-wha is a high school first year with full of dreams and curiosities. One day, she helps her friend to prepare an audition for 'Romeo and Juliet' which will be put by famous school play club. During the audition she happens to be cast in the role of Juliet by Su-yeon, the director of the play club. Sun-wha soon meets Ha-nam, a sweetheart of all the girls in school and set to play Romeo. As the theater preparation goes further, Sun-wha finds herself being attracted to Ha-nam. However when she feels that Su-yeon and Ha-nam are more than just friends, Sun-wha gets caught between the two senior girls with feelings she had never had before... Jeongbong and Seong-hye run a guesthouse on Jeju Island. On one late summer day, Seong-hye's ex-boyfriend and Jeongbong's former female colleague visit the guesthouse, and the complicated romances of four individuals starts to unfold. In a near-future Britain, young Alexander DeLarge and his pals get their kicks beating and raping anyone they please. When not destroying the lives of others, Alex swoons to the music of Beethoven. The state, eager to crack down on juvenile crime, gives an incarcerated Alex the option to undergo an invasive procedure that'll rob him of all personal agency. In a time when conscience is a commodity, can Alex change his tune? For a group of bachelors in rural Punjab, finding a suitable life partner seems to be an almost impossible task. When one of them meets the girl of his dreams, he is turned down by her relatives, who are not too keen to marry her off to a guy with no family of his own. It is now up to him to find his long-lost kins and more importantly, win everybody's approval to marry his sweetheart. When marketing exec Lucy learns that she's inherited her grandfather's year-round Christmas store, "Forever Christmas," she makes a trip back home to support the store during its final Christmas season before she sells it to a hip athletic leisurewear company. But once she is back in Vermont, she begins to understand why her grandfather's shop is so special with the help of local diner owner, Scott and the magic of a Christmas stranger from the north. Welcome to Sin City. This town beckons to the tough, the corrupt, the brokenhearted. Some call it dark... Hard-boiled. Then there are those who call it home -- Crooked cops, sexy dames, desperate vigilantes. Some are seeking revenge, others lust after redemption, and then there are those hoping for a little of both. A universe of unlikely and reluctant heroes still trying to do the right thing in a city that refuses to care. A love story torn by swords... In Kyoto in the last days of Edo Period, the bloody conflict continues between local feudal domains, who aim to overthrow the Tokugawa Shogunate, and the Shogun's police and city patrol. Tajuro Kiyokawa, once the master of the sword but now a depraved samurai who left his domain putting aside his past ambition, barely makes ends meet. Toyo, a woman who runs a tavern next door, feels affection for Tajuro who guards her place from nasty customers, but he never realizes Toyo's feeling... One day, Kazuma, a half-sibling of Tajuro, came to Kyoto to count on his brother. Kazuma has always looked him up and believed that Tajuro left the domain to pursue his ambition to conquer the shogunate. The city patrol finally finds Tajuro, the one marked as a subversive, and attacks him. What fate awaits for Tajuro, Toyo and Kazuma after a battle staking their lives...? The movie "Ottakkoru Kaamukan" is born when a vengeful lover goes out seeking his revenge. It takes the audience through a fascinating ride of romantic sequences and relationships of families, with its fresh approach and intriguing story telling. A mysterious tale set around a traditional British family on the eve of World War Two. Oblivious to the looming shadow of World War II, the wealthy Keyes maintain a confident facade in the British countryside until daughter Anne becomes an unexpected pawn. Her accidental discovery of secret recordings creates a rift in the family. Harry and Sue Lewis met in the 40s as teenagers living in the Bronx. He was an aspiring architect, she was the most beautiful girl in school, and both had a fondness for bran muffins. They fell in love, got married, moved to Los Angeles, and had two kids. While struggling with his midlife crisis, Harry receives an invitation for his high school's reunion back so he takes Sue and their teenage kids on a cross-country car trip back to the Big Apple. Will they see in the Bronx what they expected? Will the good memories from their past help rekindle their fading love? Is it too late to dream?  The story revolve around five couples of different generations. Their lives are woven together by coincidences but sometimes through very deliberate choices where the common driving force is the search for love. A young man suffering from face blindness and a young woman with a troubled past fall in love. It follows Ben and Jen whose relationship is put to test as they embark on a trip of a lifetime to Jen's lifelong dream destination Iceland. A holiday encounter with a forsaken boyfriend forces money-grubbing Mia Stone to re-examine her past, present and future. What would we be able to do for love? How far could we go in an extreme situation? Is there a monster inside each one of us waiting to reveal itself? Guilherme is a young man like many others, with dreams and aspirations, until one day his grandfather's health puts him to test.  A portrait of the relations between neighbours in a Lisbon courtyard. A story made of small episodes of humour, friendship, rivalry, love. Sister Maryam spends her days taking care of the residents in a home for elderly nuns. Maryam finds herself forced to make a choice between staying true to her vow or abandoning everything for the pursuit of personal happiness. Forced into homelessness, Melli, a single mother, takes her son Ben to a forest. There they build a makeshift camp, set back from the paths so that no one can find them. They think this solution is only temporary. Melli firmly believes their lives will improve soon, a feeling that is strengthened when she is employed as a trainee flight attendant. Unlike Melli, Ben actually enjoys the exciting camp trip. Life under difficult conditions further strengthens the bond between mother and son. After finding a lump in one of her breasts, Magda goes to visit her doctor who gives her bad news: she needs a mastectomy, preceded by severe chemo treatments. While she ponders this ill fortune at a soccer game where her son Dani participates, she attracts the attention of talent scout Arturo, who is looking for talented young players to enroll them in the junior leagues. Early years of Lithuanian independence from the soviets. Rebellious, weak hearted, but strong willed boy Saulius arrives at a youth sanatorium where he meets some charismatic friends, fights for the love of his life and gets some valuable life lessons from his coach. A woman travels to Nagoya to meet her boyfriend who works there. She is disheartened to learn that he is seeing a new girl. However, she decides to stay a few more days, in a guesthouse at a dead end. Based on Yoshimoto Banana's novel. An unmarried 40-year-old woman turns to a turkey baster in order to become pregnant. Seven years later, she reunites with her best friend, who has been living with a secret: he replaced her preferred sperm sample with his own. When a pedestrian is hit by a bus, the simple clerk Arandir runs and kisses the moribund in a gesture of sympathy and unconditional pure love. Opportunist photographer Amado Pinheiro witnesses the scene and sees the opportunity to sell newspaper and, together with the despicable and abusive chief of police Cunha, accuses Arandir of homosexuality. James Bond returns as the secret agent 007 one more time to battle the evil organization SPECTRE. Bond must defeat Largo, who has stolen two atomic warheads for nuclear blackmail. But Bond has an ally in Largo's girlfriend, the willowy Domino, who falls for Bond and seeks revenge. This is the last time for Sean Connery as Her Majesty's Secret Agent 007. Made outside of the traditional Broccoli production environment due to separate rights having been obtained for this specific Ian Fleming story. A group of archaeological students become trapped in the past when they go there to retrieve their professor. The group must survive in 14th century France long enough to be rescued.  Stan is a sailor whose girl gets kidnapped by a rough sea captain. Stan dresses in drag and seduces the captain but the captain's wife catches him. Stan and his girl beat a hasty retreat as the captain's wife fires off a parting shot. Peter Klaven is a successful real estate agent who, upon getting engaged to the woman of his dreams, Zooey, discovers, to his dismay and chagrin, that he has no male friend close enough to serve as his Best Man. Peter immediately sets out to rectify the situation, embarking on a series of bizarre and awkward "man-dates." The story revolves around Zyra Paez, whose relationship with Carl Mauricio has failed. She decides to give their relationship one more try, but soon finds herself filled with doubt over her life choices. The situation gets even more complex when she meets and befriends Ian Arcano, a heart doctor who later become her confidante, leaving her trying to decide whether he may be "the one".  On a snowy night, little Seon-mi is diagnosed with hemopoietic dysplasia. Years pass and Seon-mi, who has now become an adult, has overcome her pain and is adjusting to the adult world. Having decided to use her talent to become a perfumer, she travels to many different places to collect various scents and spices to help people with their inner pains. She meets Sang-woo at an aquarium and is strongly drawn to his scent which reminds her of her father. On a snowy night, little Seon-mi is diagnosed with hemopoietic dysplasia. Years pass and Seon-mi, who has now become an adult, has overcome her pain and is adjusting to the adult world. Having decided to use her talent to become a perfumer, she travels to many different places to collect various scents and spices to help people with their inner pains. She meets Sang-woo at an aquarium and is strongly drawn to his scent which reminds her of her father.  After a routine partial hip replacement operation leaves his mother in a coma with permanent brain damage, what starts as a son's video diary becomes a citizen's investigation into the future of American health care. Cowboys Beauregard Decker and Virgil Blessing attend a rodeo in Phoenix, where Decker falls in love with beautiful cafe singer Cherie. He wants to take Cherie back to his native Montana and marry her, but she dreams of traveling to Hollywood and becoming famous. When she resists his advances, Decker forces Cherie onto the bus back to Montana with him, but, when the bus makes an unscheduled stop due to bad weather, the tables are turned. A young woman finds herself involved in a dangerous love triangle when she gets involved with the writer of a popular steamy novel. A young man falls into the clutches of a nightclub singer who corrupts him. While Ajith is at Punnamada Backwaters to materialize his dream of building a boat, he meets Sara and falls in love with her. However, Sara's father has already arranged his daughter's wedding with a rich Indian- European businessman. A game that has been played for millennium , A game that can identify truth and lies , A game that can identify loyalty and treachery and distinguish between right and wrong. Michitaro Sano's wife passed away 18 years ago. Since her death, he has lived with his daughter Yumiko at their home. Now, Michitaro retires from his work. Yumiko though tells him to start doing housework. Michitaro is also surprised to learn that Yumiko has a boyfriend and is considering marriage. Michitaro is unsure how to handle his sudden abundance of free time. He then attends a local radio calisthenics group session. Anna, a conservative girl wakes up in a hotel room with the biggest actor in the country. Having no memory on how she got there, she must figure her way out of the hotel to avoid the fans and media swarming the hotel. Follows a female poet dealing with the grief of the recent death of her boyfriend. Seemathurai is a village love story. Marudhu (Geethan) is in love with Poorni (Varsha Bollamma), a college student, and stalks her until she accepts his love. Trouble comes when Poorni's family is dead against their love, considering Marudhu a wastrel. Cal Weaver is living the American dream. He has a good job, a beautiful house, great children and a beautiful wife, named Emily. Cal's seemingly perfect life unravels, however, when he learns that Emily has been unfaithful and wants a divorce. Over 40 and suddenly single, Cal is adrift in the fickle world of dating. Enter, Jacob Palmer, a self-styled player who takes Cal under his wing and teaches him how to be a hit with the ladies. Romeo (Deva Mahenra), photographer, is always changing his girlfriend. Romeo has trauma to the wedding after the divorce of his father (Gary Isaac) and mother (Donna Aaron) when he was seven years old.  One day Raline (Kimberly Ryder) Romeo's lover, says that she is pregnant! Raline asks Romeo to marry her. Romeo decides to marry Raline. But, he will first complete the contract to take photos of Mount Rinjani.  On the way to Rinjani, Romeo meets with Sharon (Alexa Key), who has the same principle of life. Sharon does not believe in marriage and also have an adventurous spirit. Arriving at Rinjani, Romeo seduces Sharon, and invites her to swim in the lake. An unemployed reporter, fired because of his drinking, takes a job at an advertising agency. Drama. What will you give me if I give you financial support? It's hard to believe Hee-jeong is old enough to have a son (Seong-bin) in university. She needs some kind of stimulant in life, so she starts meetings under conditions. Yeon-hee, Hee-jeong's friend who runs a cafe, is a killer for younger men. Hee-jeong sends her son Seong-bin to work in Yeon-hee's cafe... Yeon-hee thinks of her friend's son as meat... Hee-jeong ends up meeting with her son's friend and fate decides to play a game. For the protagonist 'abbai' (Sree Vishnu), life is all about taking care of his elder sister and doting parents until they are all killed in a mysterious bomb blast. The plot follows this youngster going all out to avenge their deaths. A husband acts as a caregiver to his quadriplegic wife. For Pablo Escobar family is everything. When young surfer Nick falls for Escobar's niece, Maria, he finds his life on the line when he's pulled into the dangerous world of the family business. The actress Ming Yi (Xue Jianing) is a blind single mother who runs her own flower shop with her daughter Huanhuan. After being treated by ophthalmologist Gao Mu (Chen Haomin), Mingyi is able to see the light again. In order to make her and her daughter have a new beginning of bt4k.com, Mingyi moved into a centuries old house with the help of Takagi, but did not expect that the mother and daughter were also involved in a series of strange things. . Can not keep true love when blindness, eyes can not tell when true, this heavy door hidden behind what is what Juan (Roland ornaments) want to keep secret secretly? Thinking he can overshadow an unknown actress in the part, an egocentric actor unknowingly gets a witch cast in an upcoming television remake of the classic show "Bewitched".    Ellie and her faithful dog Totoshka again find themselves in the Magic Country at the most appropriate time. The authorities in the Emerald City are again trying to capture the treacherous Urfin Jus, who, although he lost an army of wooden soldiers, did not abandon his bad habit of spoiling life for everyone. In the hands of Urfin is now the magic book of the sorceress Gingema, who fulfills any desire of her master, which means that the Scarecrow the Wise, the Brave Leo and the Iron Woodman are in danger. Ally, Totoshka and their new friend Tim decide to help the people of the Magic Country. Moreover, Tim likes Ellie, and what can't you do for the sake of love? For example, nonsense. But everyone makes mistakes, but few are able to correct them. The City of Joy, is a "target" for a gang of terrorists. The story carries the heroism of two  persons Surya and Ganga. Surya who was assigned to the duty of imprisoning the culprits responsible for the explosion that shook the city and its inhabitants were in the grip of fear. Ganga was a hardworking lad and believed in doing anything that came his way. When straight arrow FBI agent Roy Clayton heads up the investigation into a dangerous international conspiracy, all clues seem to lead back to former U.S. Special Operations officer, Samir Horn. The Passion of Love is a story about the spirit of two lovers who met in a past life and are trying to make their way into the 21 st Century together. This is a story where love has taken over the mind and influenced three couples in unique ways. In the film, the lovers will meet, get married and try to find a way into this new life. A petty thief posing as an actor is brought to Los Angeles for an unlikely audition and finds himself in the middle of a murder investigation along with his high school dream girl and a detective who's been training him for his upcoming role... Pavarotti And Friends II Thanga Radham is a Tamil movie starring Aadithi Krishna and Aadukalam Naren in prominent roles. The cast also includes Vetri and Mottai Rajendran. It is a drama directed by P. Balamurugan. Ishtangaa is a Telugu movie starring Arjun Mahi and Tanishq Rajan in prominent roles. The movie also stars Duvvasi Mohan, Thagubothu Ramesh and Madhunandan. It is a drama directed by Sampath V. Rudra with P. Venkateshwer Rao as producer, forming part of the crew. Horror, Drama (Acted by karthi)When the materialistic businessman, Gopikrishna, is diagnosed with a life-threatening disease, he decides to take a 30 days trip with his son, Karthik, who also has a materialistic approach to life. Along the way, they meet various people who give them a fresh perspective on life, while Gopikrishna tries to hide the fact of his impending death from his son. Urban horticulturalist Bronte Mitchell has her eye on a gorgeous apartment, but the building's board will rent it only to a married couple. Georges Faure, a waiter from France whose visa is expiring, needs to marry an American woman to stay in the country. Their marriage of convenience turns into a burden when they must live together to allay the suspicions of the immigration service, as the polar opposites grate on each other's nerves. A Big Night in with Darren Hayes, was recorded in the Concert Hall of the Sydney Opera House in Sydney, Australia in July 2006. It was the third tour undertaken by Australian singer-songwriter Darren Hayes as a solo artist. The tour was undertaken to celebrate the release of Savage Garden's 10th anniversary greatest hits album. The staging for the tour was simple, with a 'living room' feel, featuring a bar, dining area and wardrobe. The show featured a great deal of audience participation. 