 In an oppressive future, a 'fireman' whose duty is to destroy all books begins to question his task. Twenty-two years after the events of Jurassic Park, Isla Nublar now features a fully functioning dinosaur theme park, Jurassic World, as originally envisioned by John Hammond. John Carter is a war-weary, former military captain who's inexplicably transported to the mysterious and exotic planet of Barsoom (Mars) and reluctantly becomes embroiled in an epic conflict. It's a world on the brink of collapse, and Carter rediscovers his humanity when he realizes the survival of Barsoom and its people rests in his hands. In a seemingly perfect community, without war, pain, suffering, differences or choice, a young boy is chosen to learn from an elderly man about the true pain and pleasure of the "real" world. Caleb, a 26 year old coder at the world's largest internet company, wins a competition to spend a week at a private mountain retreat belonging to Nathan, the reclusive CEO of the company. But when Caleb arrives at the remote location he finds that he will have to participate in a strange and fascinating experiment in which he must interact with the world's first true artificial intelligence, housed in the body of a beautiful robot girl. A young boy learns that he has extraordinary powers and is not of this earth. As a young man, he journeys to discover where he came from and what he was sent here to do. But the hero in him must emerge if he is to save the world from annihilation and become the symbol of hope for all mankind. Interstellar chronicles the adventures of a group of explorers who make use of a newly discovered wormhole to surpass the limitations on human space travel and conquer the vast distances involved in an interstellar voyage. Ford Brody, a Navy bomb expert, has just reunited with his family in San Francisco when he is forced to go to Japan to help his estranged father, Joe. Soon, both men are swept up in an escalating crisis when Godzilla, King of the Monsters, arises from the sea to combat malevolent adversaries that threaten the survival of humanity. The creatures leave colossal destruction in their wake, as they make their way toward their final battleground: San Francisco. When an unexpected enemy emerges and threatens global safety and security, Nick Fury, director of the international peacekeeping agency known as S.H.I.E.L.D., finds himself in need of a team to pull the world back from the brink of disaster. Spanning the globe, a daring recruitment effort begins! A terrifying psychological thriller set near the beautiful landscape of Glacier National Park, Montana. Two high school friends, Travis and Nate, are on a road trip to Canada when they're attacked by mysterious and vicious creatures. Nate is stolen into the woods and Travis will stop at nothing to get him back. Travis recruits Nate's older brother Chris to bring an arsenal and wage war against these monsters in an effort to retrieve Nate. Peter Parker is an outcast high schooler abandoned by his parents as a boy, leaving him to be raised by his Uncle Ben and Aunt May. Like most teenagers, Peter is trying to figure out who he is and how he got to be the person he is today. As Peter discovers a mysterious briefcase that belonged to his father, he begins a quest to understand his parents' disappearance - leading him directly to Oscorp and the lab of Dr. Curt Connors, his father's former partner. As Spider-Man is set on a collision course with Connors' alter ego, The Lizard, Peter will make life-altering choices to use his powers and shape his destiny to become a hero. After Nick is accidentally sent a sexy video from his dream girl and her friends, he drags his best friend Brian on a mission to figure out where the girls are and how to get there. Along the way, Brian figures out that you can't always follow the crowd and that you should stay true to yourself. Zohri discovers a time capsule called Vision 2020 which was buried by Tun Dr. Mahathir Mohamad. He steals the time capsule but it ends up taking him back to the past, where he finds himself arriving at the era when the Malays are struggling to achieve independence. Zohri witnesses the admirable struggles and difficulties his ancestors go through and finally understands the true meaning of patriotism. Zohri`s adventures continue as he travels from one era to another while at the same time, he struggles to find his way back home. Krrish and his father Rohit must team up to save the world from a psychokinetic evil man named Kaal and his army of mutants. The Joker is aided in his Halloween quest to render modern technology useless and take over Gotham City by Solomon Grundy, Silver Banshee, Clayface and Scarecrow. In the last moments of World War II, a secret Nazi space program evaded destruction by fleeing to the Dark Side of the Moon. During 70 years of utter secrecy, the Nazis construct a gigantic space fortress with a massive armada of flying saucers. A young man who arrives at a remote island finds himself trapped in a battle for his life. In the first feature film of Sander Blom he shows some strange books about how to live your life, printed by a small publisher. Natasha Romanoff, on the run from the government following her disobedience to the Sokovia Accords and for aiding Steve Rogers, finds herself on her own and is forced to deal with some of the red in her ledger. The Queen is an intimate behind the scenes glimpse at the interaction between HM Elizabeth II and Prime Minister Tony Blair during their struggle, following the death of Diana, to reach a compromise between what was a private tragedy for the Royal family and the public's demand for an overt display of mourning. An inexplicable archeological find leads Dr. Peter Kenner to conclude that we are not alone, aliens have visited the Earth in the distant past and have now returned. Struggling to reconcile the evidence with his once held religious views, Peter turns to his uncle, Josh Sanders, a retired scientist and a man of strong Christian faith. Meanwhile, Sarah Pennington seeks protection for her young daughter, Kara, believing the extraterrestrials are bent on abducting the gifted nine-year-old as they did Sarah's husband three years earlier. When the four are brought together by Ethan, a mysterious stranger, Peter and Sarah wrestle with their own beliefs as Josh seeks to convince them of the truth. It becomes clear that Kara has a very special gift-one that can expose the true nature of the extraterrestrials. Two teenagers, Mary (Hayley Mills) and Robert (Keith Hamshere) are lead by Professor Paganel (Maurice Chevalier) on a search expedition for the children's shipwrecked sea captain father. This Disney film was based upon Jules Verne's 1868 adventure novel Captain Grant's Children. When a disaster strikes, most human beings are swallowed up by zombie viruses, and humans will destroy humanity and partial memory in the early days of becoming zombies. First installment of the V-Cinema Kamen Rider Ex-Aid Trilogy: Another Ending will focus on the characters of Hiiro Kagami (Kamen Rider Brave) and Taiga Hanaya (Kamen Rider Snipe). Saki, who is supposed to have disappeared, shows up and Hiiro is concerned. However, Lovelica was behind her reappearance and he is controlling her! Also, Luke Kidman, a mysterious American who is fond of Nico appears at Taiga's hospital. However, he starts showing Lovelica's Game Disease symptoms in front of Taiga, he didn't know that Lovelica is revived after he was killed by Cronus. The destiny of both heroes is put in jeopardy by the worst game plot ever. And God Kuroto Dan, lurking in the shadows has plans of his own... Second installment of the V-Cinema Kamen Rider Ex-Aid Trilogy: Another Ending will focus on the characters of Parado (Kamen Rider Para-DX) and Poppy Pipopapo (Kamen Rider Poppy). Saiko Yaotome is a doctor dedicated to recovery treatments and heads "Let's Make Bugsters", a new training game created for the recovery of people that disappeared. The test run has Emu raising Parado and Saiko raising Poppy. There is something different about the Parado in the game, though. The "real" Parado has been trapped and he faces his mysterious double, with the strength of the bond with Emu. Final installment of the V-Cinema Kamen Rider Ex-Aid Trilogy: Another Ending will focus on the characters of Kuroto Dan (Kamen Rider Genm) and Kiriya Kujo (Kamen Rider Lazer). Genm has awoken! Kuroto Dan has obtained the God Maximum Mighty X and the world falls into the chaos that is Zombie Chronicle. Kiriya has found the key to face the power that not even Muteki can overcome and after receiving a certain message from Masamune, he faces Genm. What will become of these two and of the world? Forced underground by the next ice age, a struggling outpost of survivors must fight to preserve humanity against a threat even more savage than nature. After completing a covert mission in southern Thailand, CIA agent Gunja finds herself forced to fight off operatives who've been ordered to take her out at all costs. She survives and after two years of laying low, re-emerges in Bangkok to face her old foes and foil a plot to detonate a bomb in the city. Moon Dust is a comedy about a semi-abandoned lunar resort that lost its tourists to Mars, the new trendy destination for spatial vacations. With its incredible aesthetics, an extraordinary chromatic palette, and unusual humour, the film turns the unique painterly sensibility of its author into a completely new approach to the imaginary of science-fiction. Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto (1884-1943) was the Japanese Naval commander who was given the order to attack Pearl Harbour, an order he was duty bound to obey which went against his own personal beliefs. While this infamous attack is a low point in Japanese and US history it wouldn't have happened if the Japanese government had listened to Yamamoto in 1939 and searched for a more peaceful way to end their war campaign, proving his many ominous presages of the outcomes of the attack to come true. Five friends who reunite in an attempt to top their epic pub crawl from 20 years earlier unwittingly become humankind's only hope for survival. In the near future, Major is the first of her kind: a human saved from a terrible crash, then cyber-enhanced to be a perfect soldier devoted to stopping the world's most dangerous criminals. Two parallel tales of redemption, a century apart. In the New York storyline, Edge hunts for Angela's gold to pay back a debt, and gradually grows closer to her. In the Macedonian story, the brothers end up fighting for opposite sides of a revolution, with the religious Elijah taking up sides with the Ottoman sultan and gunslinger Luke joining "the Teacher" , a Macedonian rebel. In RoboCop, the year is 2028 and multinational conglomerate OmniCorp is at the center of robot technology.  Overseas, their drones have been used by the military for years, but have been forbidden for law enforcement in America.  Now OmniCorp wants to bring their controversial technology to the home front, and they see a golden opportunity to do it.  When Alex Murphy - a loving husband, father and good cop doing his best to stem the tide of crime and corruption in Detroit - is critically injured, OmniCorp sees their chance to build a part-man, part-robot police officer.  OmniCorp envisions a RoboCop in every city and even more billions for their shareholders, but they never counted on one thing: there is still a man inside the machine. On the outskirts of a small mountain town, retired farmer Hank Taylor decides to pull down an old dead tree that sits on the edge of his property. Hank soon discovers something strange buried in the ground beneath...something large, metallic and not of this earth. Dormant for over 200 years, the object's power returns, resurrecting the hibernating occupants from a long slumber and turning the Taylor farm into an arena of heart-pounding terror. As the inhabitants of the farm take refuge in the secluded farm house, a group of mysterious covert government agents callously monitors the situation. Why have the Aliens traveled to Earth? Are the Government Agents hiding something? Investigative journalist Eddie Brock attempts a comeback following a scandal, but accidentally becomes the host of Venom, a violent, super powerful alien symbiote. Soon, he must rely on his newfound powers to protect the world from a shadowy organization looking for a symbiote of their own. When Tony Stark's world is torn apart by a formidable terrorist called the Mandarin, he starts an odyssey of rebuilding and retribution. Happy speaks with someone in the park and takes a trip to the moon on a rocket that looks like the front half of a current racing car, where he is made king of the moon. A ballerina does a shimmy and Our Hero winds up back in the park being accosted by a cop. The inference is that he has fallen asleep and dreamed the entire trip. Park Ranger Don Morgan is torn from his routine life, when he stumbles upon a UFO visitation in the arid, deserted Park Area where he resides. An inexplicable, bizarre power outage knocks out all electronics and communications, stranding a carload of hikers in the park, and downing a small plane. Searching for hydration in the blistering heat, Don must lead the survivors across an apparently abandoned Military Testing area called "ZONE-X". In the mystical realm of Ryntia, the forces of the underworld are aligning to unleash a plague of evil upon the surface. The deadly bat-like Blood Reavers, the Saurian Maurauders, the Orcish Warmongers and the feline Shadow-cat mercenaries have pledged their respective clans to the service of Bre'Gwen, queen of the deep elves. Together they seek to destroy the human and Elven kingdoms and rule all of Ryntia in the name of evil. The year is 2029. John Connor, leader of the resistance continues the war against the machines. At the Los Angeles offensive, John's fears of the unknown future begin to emerge when TECOM spies reveal a new plot by SkyNet that will attack him from both fronts; past and future, and will ultimately change warfare forever. In a dystopian future, Dredd, the most famous judge (a cop with instant field judiciary powers) is convicted for a crime he did not commit while his murderous counterpart escapes. A spacecraft traveling to a distant colony planet and transporting thousands of people has a malfunction in its sleep chambers. As a result, two passengers are awakened 90 years early. Set in 1984, when the war on drugs was at its height, the story concerns a strain of mold developed by the government to wipe out Colombian coca fields. Unfortunately, during a demonstration, the mold gets out of control and proves to be deadly to more than just vegetation. After a massive destruction on Earth, a white girl Alba (14) and a black boy Didac (9), are the only survivors on the Earth. They must start a new world. A Second Origin. Population is over. There are only two survivors. Now, our future depends on them. Construction worker Douglas Quaid discovers a memory chip in his brain during a virtual-reality trip. He also finds that his past has been invented to conceal a plot of planetary domination. Soon, he's off to Mars to find out who he is and who planted the chip. A kindly occupational therapist undergoes a new procedure to be shrunken to four inches tall so that he and his wife can help save the planet and afford a nice lifestyle at the same time. Katniss Everdeen reluctantly becomes the symbol of a mass rebellion against the autocratic Capitol. An apocalyptic story set in the furthest reaches of our planet, in a stark desert landscape where humanity is broken, and most everyone is crazed fighting for the necessities of life. Within this world exist two rebels on the run who just might be able to restore order. A family that survives the genocide in Indonesia confronts the men who killed one of their brothers. When the crew of the Enterprise is called back home, they find an unstoppable force of terror from within their own organization has detonated the fleet and everything it stands for, leaving our world in a state of crisis.  With a personal score to settle, Captain Kirk leads a manhunt to a war-zone world to capture a one man weapon of mass destruction. As our heroes are propelled into an epic chess game of life and death, love will be challenged, friendships will be torn apart, and sacrifices must be made for the only family Kirk has left: his crew. Betrayed by his own kind and left for dead on a desolate planet, Riddick fights for survival against alien predators and becomes more powerful and dangerous than ever before. Soon bounty hunters from throughout the galaxy descend on Riddick only to find themselves pawns in his greater scheme for revenge. With his enemies right where he wants them, Riddick unleashes a vicious attack of vengeance before returning to his home planet of Furya to save it from destruction. A pair of investigators team up with a Special Forces Unit to venture deep inside a war raging between the military and a massive army of Nazi Zombie Stormtroopers. Their mission is to fight their way behind enemy lines, locate the technology at the source of this growing threat and prevent the seemingly inevitable rise of the 4th Reich. One moment some 80 people are walking on a big city street. Suddenly a blinding light appears that transports them to a very peculiar racing course. A voice sounds in everybody's head : "The school, the house and the prison are safe. Follow the arrows or you will die. Stay on the path or you will die. If you're doubled twice, you will die. Do not touch the grass or you will die. Race or die." Whether you're rich or poor, old or young, blind, strong, handicapped, courageous or a coward; the rules make no distinction. There can be only one winner ! Wolverine faces his ultimate nemesis - and tests of his physical, emotional, and mortal limits - in a life-changing voyage to modern-day Japan. When mankind beams a radio signal into space, a reply comes from 'Planet G', in the form of several alien crafts that splash down in the waters off Hawaii. Lieutenant Alex Hopper is a weapons officer assigned to the USS John Paul Jones, part of an international naval coalition which becomes the world's last hope for survival as they engage the hostile alien force of unimaginable strength. While taking on the invaders, Hopper must also try to live up to the potential that his brother, and his fiancee's father, Admiral Shane, expect of him. A seductive alien prowls the streets of Glasgow in search of prey: unsuspecting men who fall under her spell. A team of explorers discover a clue to the origins of mankind on Earth, leading them on a journey to the darkest corners of the universe. There, they must fight a terrifying battle to save the future of the human race. In the middle of the next century, a spaceship loses its bearings, and the commander of another space crew, seemingly on a routine check flight, decides to investigate. The result is an unusual suspense adventure. Dr. Ryan Stone, a brilliant medical engineer on her first Shuttle mission, with veteran astronaut Matt Kowalsky in command of his last flight before retiring. But on a seemingly routine spacewalk, disaster strikes. The Shuttle is destroyed, leaving Stone and Kowalsky completely alone-tethered to nothing but each other and spiraling out into the blackness of space. The deafening silence tells them they have lost any link to Earth and any chance for rescue. As fear turns to panic, every gulp of air eats away at what little oxygen is left. But the only way home may be to go further out into the terrifying expanse of space. The year 2050 the planet has become overpopulated, to help control population the government develops a race. The Death Race. Annually competitors race across the country scoring points for killing people with their vehicles. A group of college friends discover a 15th century coffin that allows them to experience the world as ghosts. While their first adventures in the spirit world are playful and innocent, the "Box of Shadows" soon brings out the group's most dangerous impulses and desires. The friends find themselves pulled into a world of evil where they learn the line between life and death is there for a reason. A mute man with a violent past is forced to take on the teeming underworld of a near-future Berlin as he searches for his missing girlfriend. Jack Harper is one of the last few drone repairmen stationed on Earth.  Part of a massive operation to extract vital resources after decades of war with a terrifying threat known as the Scavs, Jack's mission is nearly complete.  His existence is brought crashing down when he rescues a beautiful  stranger from a downed spacecraft.  Her arrival triggers a chain of events that  forces him to question everything he knows and puts the fate of humanity in his hands. Three soldiers descend into the caves beneath their city to find a fabled stone with powers. Clerics are psi-enhanced women warriors with the ability to see potential future outcomes of events and can manipulate reality. Three young conspiracy theorists attempt to uncover the mysteries of Area 51, the government's secret location rumored to have hosted encounters with alien beings. What they find at this hidden facility exposes unimaginable secrets. Released from prison after 20 years, Canio finds his daughter adopted by a wealthy family and about to marry. When he meets Leoncavallo, the composer is moved to create one of history's greatest operas. In the year 2159, two classes of people exist: the very wealthy who live on a pristine man-made space station called Elysium, and the rest, who live on an overpopulated, ruined Earth. Secretary Rhodes (Jodie Foster), a hard line government official, will stop at nothing to enforce anti-immigration laws and preserve the luxurious lifestyle of the citizens of Elysium. That doesn't stop the people of Earth from trying to get in, by any means they can. When unlucky Max (Matt Damon) is backed into a corner, he agrees to take on a daunting mission that, if successful, will not only save his life, but could bring equality to these polarized worlds. When a group of teenagers stumble upon a secret lab, they become part of a deadly experiment - The Recreator - evil human clones. Craig, Tracy and Derek come face to face with exact copies of themselves that have only one purpose; to find and kill their originals. With time running out it's up to the original group to destroy the lab and save themselves before they are replaced. Gregory Orr's exciting thriller brings science fiction to life with a sexy edge. When a tragic accident cuts short the first manned mission to explore life on the moons of Jupiter, Michael Forrest must make the 3 year journey home to Earth in pure solitude With civilization in ruins, man called upon his primal instincts to survive. Hunters and scavengers alike made their way in this savage land.  But when the Northern Warlords united,  skulls cracked and spirits broke, as they conquered everything in their path.  Now, deep in the Outlands, a partisan movement, known as Vox Populi, stands their ground against an enemy bred for battle.  After discovering a weakness in the Colonial garrison, Vox Populi comes out of hiding to strike at the heart of the Colonial army. This is a short movie Trilogy, each chaper 15 minutes long. An obliviously modern college student gets into a near-fatal bus accident, but is reborn through hybrid technology by her biotech father and his advanced lab. Heading on a transatlantic voyage at sea from an Italian lab to America, D'Agostino is the story of a human clone left for dead at the shores of Santorini Greece. This lost cargo, commissioned by wealthy individuals for organ tranplants, is abandoned as the freight cannot be recovered. Allan Dawson has recently inherited his grandmother's island estate. He's in a loveless relationship with his common law spouse Sylvia. As he finds this interesting freight, what follows is a macabre tale of self realization as Allan proceeds to set himself out of his sedentary existence to mold his latest discovery into a new best friend with dire consequences. A couple of college students decide to sign up for pharmaceutical testing of a new allergy drug to make some extra cash for their spring break trip. They quickly discover their two week stay will not be as easy as they first believed and fight to save themselves from the grips of the facility. A fatal plane crash changes the lives of Roman and Jake forever. Roman loses his wife and daughter in the accident, while Jake loses his mind--as he happens to be the air traffic controller who failed to avert the nightmare. Rage and revenge engulfs Roman and Jake finds himself swamped with guilt and regret. A team of space scavengers discovers superior alien technology that threatens the balance of the known universe. Hotly pursued by a rival crew of intergalactic mercenaries, the Revelator crew must fight through the deepest reaches of space to locate and protect the life-altering device. Framed for crimes against the country, the G.I. Joe team is terminated by Presidential order. This forces the G.I. Joes into not only fighting their mortal enemy Cobra; they are forced to contend with threats from within the government that jeopardize their very existence. College friends Devin, Jack, Shelly, Kristy, Shaun, and Flower rent a spacecraft to autopilot them to Centauri Five for a holiday break. Impatient over the rental agency restricting the ship's speed to 10x, Devin and the others convince Shaun to remove the craft's constrictor device. Doing so damages the computer's automated systems, as well as the ability to send a distress beacon, causing the six friends to crash land on an uncharted alien planet. Set in the near future, Lockout follows a falsely convicted ex-government agent , whose one chance at obtaining freedom lies in the dangerous mission of rescuing the President's daughter from rioting convicts at an outer space maximum security prison. A young man on the run from a mysterious government agency is desperate to find the cure for a condition that causes him to wake up at random places around the world when he falls asleep. In the wake of a nuclear war, a young woman survives on her own, fearing she may actually be the proverbial last woman on earth, until she discovers the most astonishing sight of her life: another human being. A distraught scientist, he's nearly been driven mad by radiation exposure and his desperate search for others. A fragile, imperative strand of trust connects them. But when a stranger enters the valley, their precarious bond begins to unravel. Set in a post apocalyptic world where vampires named for Greek gods, and witches rule. It is a classic vampire story with some real twists: The plot centers around a male vampire named Eros who falls in love with a human named Samuel. Eros wants to "save" Samuel and make him a vampire, but Eros evil vampire lover, Dionysus has other ideas. Matters are complicated by Eros' sister/lover, Persephone, an ambiguous Bookkeeper and three witches, who know secrets of the universe and The Laws Of Eternity.A deep tale of decadence,erotica and Major stylized horror themes,shot around surreal and post apocalyptic sets on one hand and lavish,dark Gothic atmospheres on the other. In a universe where human genetic material is the most precious commodity, an impoverished young Earth woman becomes the key to strategic maneuvers and internal strife within a powerful dynasty... A blood virus infects a small group of hunters turning a father and son trip into a fight for survival. We always knew they were coming back. Using recovered alien technology, the nations of Earth have collaborated on an immense defense program to protect the planet. But nothing can prepare us for the aliens' advanced and unprecedented force. Only the ingenuity of a few brave men and women can bring our world back from the brink of extinction. Jason Mackenzie, a lightning powered vigilante, is called into action when an ancient Scottish creature, The Caillech, returns to our world and plans to destroy it in three days. In 1975, the first Russian cosmonaut on the Moon is unable to make his way back and is declared missing in space. Major Bill Cage is an officer who has never seen a day of combat when he is unceremoniously demoted and dropped into combat. Cage is killed within minutes, managing to take an alpha alien down with him. He awakens back at the beginning of the same day and is forced to fight and die again... and again - as physical contact with the alien has thrown him into a time loop. Set in a futuristic environment, "Mars et Avril" tells the story of an elderly musician and his instrument maker who both become obsessed with the same woman. She agrees to be the model for their next musical instrument but then gets lost in a virtual world on the way to Mars. Detectives use clues from various recording devices to piece together events surrounding a massacre involving bus passengers at an abandoned gas station. Six best friends decide to make an impulse trip to Las Vegas in hopes of mending Santi and Annie's dying relationship. When Clive decides to stage a breakdown so Santi can "save the day", ... They don't come in peace. More than two decades have passed since Sarah Connor prevented Judgment Day, changed the future, and re-wrote the fate of the human race. Dani Ramos is living a simple life in Mexico City with her brother and father when a highly advanced and deadly new Terminator - a Rev-9 - travels back through time to hunt and kill her. Dani's survival depends on her joining forces with two warriors: Grace, an enhanced super-soldier from the future, and a battle-hardened Sarah Connor. As the Rev-9 ruthlessly destroys everything and everyone in its path on the hunt for Dani, the three are led to a T-800 from Sarah's past that may be their last best hope. It has been over one year since the start of the outbreak. Our society has collapsed and the world has descended into chaos. Elvis and Tweeter are two of the last people left alive, and band together to flee the United States for a remote island somewhere in the Caribbean. On the island, they find a new community struggling to hold out against an army of corpses. They can join this band of survivors-- but only if they can do what must be done for the good of the group. After years of killing for a man only known as "The Boss", Serena is burnt out. When she is hired for one final job, she teams up with an underground renegade group to stop her replacement from executing the assassination. When legions of monstrous creatures, known as Kaiju, started rising from the sea, a war began that would take millions of lives and consume humanity's resources for years on end. To combat the giant Kaiju, a special type of weapon was devised: massive robots, called Jaegers, which are controlled simultaneously by two pilots whose minds are locked in a neural bridge. But even the Jaegers are proving nearly defenseless in the face of the relentless Kaiju. On the verge of defeat, the forces defending mankind have no choice but to turn to two unlikely heroes--a washed-up former pilot (Charlie Hunnam) and an untested trainee (Rinko Kikuchi)--who are teamed to drive a legendary but seemingly obsolete Jaeger from the past. Together, they stand as mankind's last hope against the mounting apocalypse. An alien comes to earth with a botanical virus, but a gutsy Arizona widow wins him over with her garden-fresh cooking, and then tries to topple the corrupt government that put him up to it. In 2040, a generation of Torontonians have grown up after the economic collapse of the west. The movie consists of episodes of a documentary series popular in mainland China about the bad jobs some white people have -- the plucky and resilient souls unlucky enough to be born into the slums of North America are both amusing and moving to the Chinese audience. Oscar is a digital janitor, and has to manually cover up logos for copyright reasons in the future's answer to Google StreetView maps. Gary and Karen assemble robot baby dolls for the children of the wealthy in Asia. Anton and Toph are spider silk collectors. Serina is human spam and makes a living by mentioning brands and products in casual conversation.  When the creator of a popular video game system dies, a virtual contest is created to compete for his fortune. A teenager goes to the foothills of the Andes to deal with his phobias. After a strange meteor destroys a communications satellite and crashes into Tampa Bay, a sickly looking fish finds itself the meal of a beautiful nightclub bartender named Val. Moments later, as the bar is closed and locked tight, the infected Val becomes ill and all Hell breaks loose. Hidden from the others, the parasite she has unknowingly eaten rapidly grows, bursting from her throat and becoming the puppet master for the chaos ahead. With no possible way to reach help or escape, the trapped club-goers must fight to survive and plan to destroy the creature before it is let loose into the world. Three high school students make an incredible discovery, leading to their developing uncanny powers beyond their understanding. As they learn to control their abilities and use them to their advantage, their lives start to spin out of control, and their darker sides begin to take over. In a future where a failed global-warming experiment kills off most life on the planet, a class system evolves aboard the Snowpiercer, a train that travels around the globe via a perpetual-motion engine. A look at how a painter and a successful actor spend their last day together before the world comes to an end. On the last day of the first manned mission to Mars, a crew member of Tantalus Base believes he has made an astounding discovery - fossilized evidence of bacterial life. Unwilling to let the relief crew claims all the glory, he disobeys orders to pack up and goes out on an unauthorized expedition to collect further samples. But a routine excavation turns to disaster when the porous ground collapses and he falls into a deep crevice and near certain death. His devastated colleagues attempt to recover his body. However, when another vanishes, they start to suspect that the life-form they have discovered is not without danger. Two million fish washed ashore. One thousand blackbirds dropped from the sky. On July 4, 2009 a deadly menace swept through the quaint seaside town of Claridge, Maryland, but the harrowing story of what happened that Independence Day has never been told--until now. The authorities believed they had buried the truth about the tragedy that claimed over 700 human lives. Now, three years later, a reporter has emerged with footage revealing the cover-up and an unimaginable killer: a mysterious parasitic outbreak. Told from the perspective of those who were there and saw what happened, The Bay unfolds over 24 hours through people's iPhones, Androids, 911 calls, webcams, and whatever else could be used to document the nightmare in Claridge. What follows is a nerve-shredding tale of a small town plunged into absolute terror. Beneath Anna Poliatova's striking beauty lies a secret that will unleash her indelible strength and skill to become one of the world's most feared government assassins. Eccentric aliens give a man the power to do anything he wants to determine if Earth is worth saving. Blackboard animation Qualia seeks for the essence of experience. There is no such thing as same feeling, same pain, same colour. Qualia is always subjective. The essence of universal experience is unreachable. Have you ever experienced deja vu? Have you ever met a person you thought you already knew? For Nora and Aron, it's love at first sight when they meet in the subway on a rainy day. Their encounter was pure coincidence, says Nore. It was predestined, says Aron. When a seemingly abandoned alien spacecraft is discovered orbiting Neptune, a top secret expedition is sent to investigate. In the derelict hulk they discover two surviving alien life forms telepathically linked to one other.  13 years later a savvy, ex-DEA agent and martial arts expert finds herself renditioned to a high security establishment on a remote island where they are conducting experiments on the incarcerated aliens. Chris is a psychic who lives his life out of order - experiencing past, present and future as a jigsaw puzzle. But when he commits a murder in the future, he has to change his past and present in order to prevent it from happening. A twenty something has a psychotic break while quitting smoking. A family of Estrie hunters, unite with a demon hunter to destroy a union of dark cults and their demonic companions. Niels is overjoyed when he hears about the black hole that will drastically reduce his prison sentence. He's been chosen for his talents as a mechanic to take part in a special mission: escorting a band of eccentric scientists in a spaceship to a black hole that is fifty light years away from Earth. The deal seems more than correct to him as the mission will only take six weeks for them to see Earth again. There's only one small annoying detail. Those six weeks in hyperspace represent some hundred years on Earth. And that is if everything will go as planned. Thomas Jacobs invents a way to watch people's memories from the inside. Going against his morals, he accepts an offer to enter a heroin addict's memories to literally see if he committed a crime. However,a malfunction causes his consciousness to become trapped inside the criminal's mind. He remains a prisoner in the addict's memories for more than four years until he discovers the possibility of escape. When a low-level cop, Aiden Magnusson, solves an infamous crime, he is promoted to Sector One and used as a "poster boy" of success. But his newly established status and lavish life is jeopardised when the central computer system that governs his city accuses him of murder....Now Aiden must return to the ruins he once called home to solve the mystery and prove his innocence. Set against the backdrop of a post-Apocalypse Earth, Population 2 is about a relationship that ends in tragedy forcing a woman to struggle in the aftermath. Aliens with a ravenous appetite for summertime campers descend upon a campground. When Duke Evans, out of work NSA analyst, is evicted from his home he moves his family to his grandfather's old cabin. However here they are also threatened when a hellish cyber-attack is unleashed on the US rendering anything with a computer chip useless. He must now keep his family alive, fight off would be thieves and a newly corrupted government and ultimately make the hardest decision of his life- to survive. Written by Patterson, Matt (V) An epic adventure about the last five children on Earth discovering the truth behind the malevolent forces of mother nature. The film follows a group of daring friends in a coming of age adventure. When Maya disappears, Pak and Coral darinly lead the group in a thrilling race against time to find her. For thousands of years, evidence of life after death has eluded mankind. Science is about to change that. With the help of a physicist, a blind medium, and Thomas Edison's final experiment, Brayden Taylor embarks on a quest to contact his deceased fiancee. For his love to transcend dimensions, he must defy the laws of quantum physics. He must defy the balance nature demands. He must defy ... Einstein's God Model. Singularity Principle is a feature length science-fiction film about the consequences of renegade experiments into Parallel Universes. Co-written and directed (with Austin Hines) by physicist Dr. David Deranian, the film pays particular attention to accurate scientific detail. The story starts off with the disappearance of noted scientist Professor Jack Brenner (John Diehl) during a fateful parallel universe experiment. Jack's protege, Dr. Peter Tanning (Michael Denis) is being interrogated by Dr. Lawrence Cason (William B. Davis) of a clandestine Black-Ops Agency to learn about the experiment and to find out what happened to Jack Brenner. Lawrence makes it clear that he wants to know everything about the experiment, including how parallel universes can be manipulated. The story unfolds with Peter describing the events of the experiment up to the fateful day where... Four friends leave NYC for Catskill Park and hear something unearthly during their camping trip. A new drug promises out-of-body experiences, but users are coming back changed forever, and an otherworldly invasion of Earth is underway. Russell Carpenter reluctantly admits his wife Sadie into an experimental treatment facility for her life threatening disease. While locked in this prison like surrounding they, along with 6 others, are unknowingly subjected to a cure that might just be worse than the disease itself Set in a post-apocalyptic world, young Thomas is deposited in a community of boys after his memory is erased, soon learning they're all trapped in a maze that will require him to join forces with fellow "runners" for a shot at escape. In the not so distant future, Theodore, a lonely writer purchases a newly developed operating system designed to meet the user's every needs. To Theodore's surprise, a romantic relationship develops between him and his operating system. This unconventional love story blends science fiction and romance in a sweet tale that explores the nature of love and the ways that technology isolates and connects us all. A rare astronomical event causes a permanent worldwide black out, forcing residents of a middle-class suburb to get by with no modern conveniences. The community pulls together and adapts to a simpler way of life, but their success draws the attention of the less resourceful residents in the area and soon results in a war between subdivisions. This is their story. Written by Anonymous  A catastrophic solar flare plunges Earth into global darkness. As society teeters on the edge of total anarchy the President and top government officials are swept away to a Cold War bunker in search of a solution. While the politicians fight insanity and each other, a group of middle-class suburbanites take survival into their own hands. With bullets and seeds, this neighborhood of schoolteachers and businessmen transform themselves into a village of self-sustaining warriors. Can they hold on until power is restored, or will they fall to the starving masses? Four mathematicians are gathered and meet with a top official of the United States Department of Defense. After some discussion, the group agrees that they must be wary with whom to trust and control their solution. The official offers them a reward of $10 million in exchange for their portion of the algorithm, swaying them by attempting to address their concerns. Only one of the four speaks out against the sale, and in doing so is forced to reveal a dark truth about his portion of the solution. Before they sign a license to the government, however, they wrestle with the ethical consequences of their discovery. -- Wikipedia Three happy couples enjoy the holidays in a cozy secluded cabin in the woods when they are suddenly interrupted by an unprecedented event that will forever change their lives.  Gabriel, a professor of philosophy and logic of night school, which runs through marital problems, and that when he meet a new young student who suddenly disappear after she closer to the prophetic drawings of Benjamin Solari Parravicini, will be immersed in trying to understand the meaning of these drawings, embarking with his cousin Tony, a story of suspense, intrigue and drama. In the town of Dillford, humans, vampires and zombies were all living in peace - until the alien apocalypse arrived. Now three teenagers-one human, one vampire, and one zombie-have to team up to figure out how to get rid of the visitors. The newly formed Independent Republic of South Australia is the phoenix that rises from the ashes of a decaying and corrupt Australian Commonwealth, becoming wealthy beyond imagination on the back of uranium. More than two decades after catapulting to stardom with The Princess Bride, Robin Wright decides to take her final job: preserving her likeness for a future Hollywood. Through a deal brokered by her loyal, longtime agent and the head of Miramount Studios, her digital doppelganger will be controlled by the studio, and will star in any film they want, with no restrictions. In return, she receives healthy compensation so she can care for her ailing son. Twenty years later, under the creative vision of the studio's head animator, Wright's double rises to immortal stardom. With her contract expiring, she is invited to speak at Miramount's "Futurological Congress". However, a group of terrorists plot an attack on the convention. In the near future, a team is sent on a dangerous mission to Europa to retrieve and bring water back to a dying Earth. Their operation unexpectedly goes awry, jeopardizing not only the lives of those on board but also on earth, resulting in the possible extinction of the human race. In 1941 Hawaii, a private is cruelly punished for not boxing on his unit's team, while his captain's wife and second in command are falling in love. Time is unraveling, paradoxes are everywhere, and strangers with terrifying technologies are on the hunt. A thrilling, original, ultra indie full-length sci-fi movie that is the story of Sally Biggs, an FBI agent who has the power to rewind time. Her scientist husband has disappeared mysteriously, and the closer she gets to finding him, the more dangerous her life becomes. To save the future and her loved ones, Sally must enter a battlefield she never knew existed. Fortunately, she's a 95er. Surrounded by bizarre timespace paradoxes and hunted by terrifying forces from the future, Sally must discover the earth-shattering truth behind it all before her very being fades out of reality. King T'Challa returns home from America to the reclusive, technologically advanced African nation of Wakanda to serve as his country's new leader. However, T'Challa soon finds that he is challenged for the throne by factions within his own country as well as without. Using powers reserved to Wakandan kings, T'Challa assumes the Black Panther mantel to join with girlfriend Nakia, the queen-mother, his princess-kid sister, members of the Dora Milaje (the Wakandan 'special forces') and an American secret agent, to prevent Wakanda from being dragged into a world war. Mozzman takes a long journey to Mt. Fuji in search for his old friend Kitakitsune. After a financial apocalypse a young girl must protect her older sister as they wander a desert searching for a new home. Canadian scientist, Dr Geoff Burton takes up a position at a new institute in wintry Dresden in order to contribute to their most important project--a human regeneration gene--that also has the potential to make something miraculous out of a personal tragedy that has haunted him for years. People in a village believe that a monster resides and creates havoc in the corn fields. Two students who study at a college near the village decide to investigate the matter. They are successful in capturing the monster. After the cataclysmic events in New York with The Avengers, Steve Rogers, aka Captain America is living quietly in Washington, D.C. and trying to adjust to the modern world. But when a S.H.I.E.L.D. colleague comes under attack, Steve becomes embroiled in a web of intrigue that threatens to put the world at risk. Joining forces with the Black Widow, Captain America struggles to expose the ever-widening conspiracy while fighting off professional assassins sent to silence him at every turn. When the full scope of the villainous plot is revealed, Captain America and the Black Widow enlist the help of a new ally, the Falcon. However, they soon find themselves up against an unexpected and formidable enemy--the Winter Soldier. A grad student in theatre directs a group of undergrads in an adaptation of a 1980s young adult novel, altering them all in unexpected ways. After a strange sighting, four friends decide to move in the near woodlands to investigate. Soon their week-end becomes a nightmare and a race for survival. The Umbrella Corporation's deadly T-virus continues to ravage the Earth, transforming the global population into legions of the flesh eating Undead. The human race's last and only hope, Alice, awakens in the heart of Umbrella's most clandestine operations facility and unveils more of her mysterious past as she delves further into the complex. Without a safe haven, Alice continues to hunt those responsible for the outbreak; a chase that takes her from Tokyo to New York, Washington, D.C. and Moscow, culminating in a mind-blowing revelation that will force her to rethink everything that she once thought to be true. Aided by new found allies and familiar friends, Alice must fight to survive long enough to escape a hostile world on the brink of oblivion. The countdown has begun. A geneticist wakes up from an accident with only fragments of his memory is forced to relearn who he is via his twin brother. But as he digs deeper, he discovers he might not be who he thought at all. The story follows a Roman architect named Lucius, who is having trouble coming up with ideas. One day, he discovers a hidden tunnel underneath a spa that leads him to a modern Japanese bath house. Inspired by the innovations found there, he creates his own spa, Roma Thermae, bringing in the modern ideas to his time. Robin Christian's family-friendly sci-fi adventure film My Dog the Space Traveler begins when a dog goes missing because of a time portal in his family's backyard. The boy who cares for the dog puts together a team of friends in order to rescue his favorite pet before he's gone forever. Imagine asteroids so large that they can wipe out all life on the planet constantly bombarding the Earth. The only things standing in the way are the Rock Jocks, a top-secret band of government employees, who pilot asteroid-killing satellites.  The story takes place during a Rock Jocks night shift. Though they are there to fight off asteroids, they spend most of the night fighting off boredom, themselves, and the occasional meddling government bureaucrat hell-bent on cutting their department's budget. For Peter Parker, life is busy. Between taking out the bad guys as Spider-Man and spending time with the person he loves, Gwen Stacy, high school graduation cannot come quickly enough. Peter has not forgotten about the promise he made to Gwen's father to protect her by staying away, but that is a promise he cannot keep. Things will change for Peter when a new villain, Electro, emerges, an old friend, Harry Osborn, returns, and Peter uncovers new clues about his past. The explorer craft USS Palomino is returning to Earth after a fruitless 18-month search for extra-terrestrial life when the crew comes upon a supposedly lost ship, the USS Cygnus, hovering near a black hole. The ship is controlled by Dr. Hans Reinhardt and his monstrous robot companion, but the initial wonderment and awe the Palomino crew feel for the ship and its resistance to the power of the black hole turn to horror as they uncover Reinhardt's plans. The ultimate X-Men ensemble fights a war for the survival of the species across two time periods as they join forces with their younger selves in an epic battle that must change the past - to save our future. The action of this story begins in the near future. The great device codenamed as the "Phantom" is invented by the Global Security Corporation in order to eliminate the crime and to establish a secure global community.  But, it is not how it really is. The reverse side of the "Phantom" is to establish an absolute control over people's minds. The Corporation aims to change the course of the history, by gaining the community of obedient "puppets", who would never realize that their minds are being controlled.  Step by step, the "Phantom" fractures people's lives, but nobody suspects anything, until it destroys the lives of in-love couple- Timur and Keira. She is convicted of murder, and he needs to break the law to save her. An American criminal hacker named Zach helps Timur to find the truth, and to uncover the Corporation's conspiracy. A detective investigates a murder, only to find that the victim is... himself. Soon, he discovers multiple versions of himself, not all of them friendly. Edward Wilson, the only witness to his father's suicide and member of the Skull and Bones Society while a student at Yale, is a morally upright young man who values honor and discretion, qualities that help him to be recruited for a career in the newly founded OSS. His dedication to his work does not come without a price though, leading him to sacrifice his ideals and eventually his family. Mutant hordes are sent to annihilate mankind. A group of elite soldiers sent to infiltrate and extract the lead science team from Pine Gap, Australia's top secret underground military compound, after it comes under attack from unknown forces. The mission is compromised when they encounter a young woman with no memory of who she is or how she came to be there. As they try to escape, the group quickly discovers all is not as it seems and the facility has become a testing ground for something far more sinister. A blood virus infects a small group of hunters turning a father and son trip into a fight for survival. An American girl on holiday in the English countryside with her family finds herself in hiding and fighting for her survival as war breaks out. A random group of people wake up on an Island where they are being hunted down in a sinister plot to harvest their organs. Infected by a virus, a mild mannered HR manager attempts to fulfill his overwhelming desire for brains, all while trying to keep it together so as not to incur the wrath of his bridezilla-to-be.  ZOMBEX tells the story of a post-Katrina New Orleans as it deals with a new disaster, a zombie apocalypse. NOLA residents are no longer experiencing the depression and post-traumatic stress due to the trauma of the hurricane, thanks to the revolutionary ZOMBEX - a rogue, yet, "clinically-proven" anti-depressant pharmaceutical manufactured by a nefarious organization. For those who call the Big Easy their home, everything is just now turning around for them. Or, could it just be the drug, ZOMBEX, talking... Just as things are turning around for the city and its people, they once again must face a disaster of epic proportions. Only this time, they're dealing with the prospect of losing the people of New Orleans as they turn into the city's walking dead. During the 1980s, a failed stand-up comedian is driven insane and turns to a life of crime and chaos in Gotham City while becoming an infamous psychopathic crime figure. The movie is a post-apocalyptic horror/science fiction film. the setting is in a near post apocalyptic future where a biological warfare program goes wrong, and turns most of humanity to mindless, murderous creatures. Dead Shadows tells the terrifying story about a young man, Chris, whose parents were brutally killed 11 years ago, on the same day that the comet of Haley could be seen from earth. Tonight, a new comet is going to appear and everyone in Chris's building are getting ready for a big apocalypse party to celebrate the event. As the night falls, Chris starts to discover that people are acting strange and it seems to somehow be connected to the comet. People are becoming disoriented and violent and it doesn't take long before they start mutating into something from beyond this world. At an international school in Jakarta, a philosophy teacher challenges his class of twenty graduating seniors to choose which ten of them would take shelter underground and reboot the human race in the event of a nuclear apocalypse. Referencing sixties B-movies like "They Saved Hitler's Brain" and "The Brain That Would Not Die", Ulrike's Brain finds Doctor Julia Feifer (Susanne Sachsse) arriving at an academic conference with an organ box. Inside the box: the brain of Ulrike Meinhof, which was saved by the authorities along with the brains of the three other leaders of the RAF after their deaths in Stammheim prison. Doctor Feifer can communicate telepathically with Ulrike's brain, which is directing her to lead a new feminist revolution. To that end, she is searching for the ideal female body to transplant Ulrike's brain into. At the same time, her arch-rival, Detlev Schlesinger, an extreme right-wing ideologue, arrives at the conference with the ashes of Michael Kuhnen, the former German neo-Nazi leader and infamous homosexual who died of AIDS in 1989. When the two Frankenstein's monsters of the extreme left and the extreme right meet, chaos ensues. Set in the same world as Archon Defender, this film follows the quest of a young woman, Desmerelle, as she confronts Lorem to free her twin sister Phaetra from the machine. On the last day of the first manned mission to Mars, a crew member of Tantalus Base believes he has made an astounding discovery - fossilized evidence of bacterial life. Unwilling to let the relief crew claims all the glory, he disobeys orders to pack up and goes out on an unauthorized expedition to collect further samples. But a routine excavation turns to disaster when the porous ground collapses and he falls into a deep crevice and near certain death. His devastated colleagues attempt to recover his body. However, when another vanishes, they start to suspect that the life-form they have discovered is not without danger. Four young people are pulled into an alternate dimension through a portal in a sweat lodge. On the other side four murderous spirits of centuries-old gold hunters await to steal the young peoples' bodies and return to the living world. Katniss Everdeen has returned home safe after winning the 74th Annual Hunger Games along with fellow tribute Peeta Mellark. Winning means that they must turn around and leave their family and close friends, embarking on a "Victor's Tour" of the districts. Along the way Katniss senses that a rebellion is simmering, but the Capitol is still very much in control as President Snow prepares the 75th Annual Hunger Games (The Quarter Quell) - a competition that could change Panem forever. Katniss Everdeen reluctantly becomes the symbol of a mass rebellion against the autocratic Capitol. With the nation of Panem in a full scale war, Katniss confronts President Snow in the final showdown. Teamed with a group of her closest friends - including Gale, Finnick, and Peeta - Katniss goes off on a mission with the unit from District 13 as they risk their lives to stage an assassination attempt on President Snow who has become increasingly obsessed with destroying her. The mortal traps, enemies, and moral choices that await Katniss will challenge her more than any arena she faced in The Hunger Games. A scanner discovers a plot by renegade elements in the city government to take power with the help of evil scanners. Four low-ranking astronauts are stuck together on an orbital Sanitation Station after they bring a mysterious device aboard their ship and all life on Earth disappears. Little do they know they are about to come under attack by a mutating rubber duck named Gary, who wants to open a portal to his evil dimension and take over the Universe. In the near future, Frank, a police officer, discovers that the legalization of all recreational drugs comes with a price. Jacq Vaucan, an insurance agent of ROC robotics corporation, routinely investigates the case of manipulating a robot. What he discovers will have profound consequences for the future of humanity. The nano-plague that poisoned Earth's water supply has reached its 60-year critical mass. The Unlight enemy forced the first exodus to the moon where the outlawed banished population was supposed to die. But now the Unlights have launched from Earth and are amassing on the south-west sector of the darkside of the moon for a massive ice-mining operation. It will be the last Great War and lunar troops are sent into battle for the precious resource. However one squad is shot down and the five surviving soldiers find themselves stranded. Cut off and behind enemy lines, they start a dangerous journey through snipers and minefields back to their extraction point with only 36 hours of oxygen left. As their numbers dwindle and nerves fray, they make an amazing discovery about Earth's satellite that just might save their lives. From THE BANSHEE CHAPTER producers comes a space shocker with gravity. Flight 7500 departs Los Angeles International Airport bound for Tokyo. As the overnight flight makes its way over the Pacific Ocean during its ten-hour course, the passengers encounter what appears to be a supernatural force in the cabin. A story of what happens when a reluctant man is forced to face his fears, which begins as a fun camping trip and ends in a fight for survival in the remote forest of the pacific northwest. Eccentric scientist Victor Von Frankenstein creates a grotesque creature in an unorthodox scientific experiment. When a deep space fishing vessel is robbed by a gang of pirates, the Captain makes a daring decision to go after a rare and nearly extinct species. His obsession propels them further into space as the crew spins toward mutiny and betrayal. At the height of the Cold War, Russia was working on a secret scientific mission, which, if successful, would have changed the course of history. The mission, "Project 12," was ultimately deemed too dangerous to continue and the scientists involved were to be exterminated. Three scientists escaped and Project 12 was sealed in a well-guarded bunker, never to be seen again...until now.  The lead scientist for Project 12 has now become the target of a worldwide manhunt, as he is the lone survivor of the Project 12 team and is the only man who knows the secrets that have been buried in the bunker. What secret does he possess, and who is financing the operation to bring Project 12 back to life and what is their hidden agenda An orphaned war-veteran routinely travels between our world and the afterlife in search of his fiance's killer by stopping and starting his own heart. After an unprecedented series of natural disasters threatened the planet, the world's leaders came together to create an intricate network of satellites to control the global climate and keep everyone safe. But now, something has gone wrong: the system built to protect Earth is attacking it, and it becomes a race against the clock to uncover the real threat before a worldwide geostorm wipes out everything and everyone along with it. Vampires and humans live in a future world where they co-exist - barely. Now, both groups find themselves under attack by a new species of super vampire. The surviving humans and vampires join forces to obliterate the vicious man-sized bat vampires which threaten to shatter the uneasy peace between the two species. The global economy is on the brink of collapse. Brilliant creators, from artists to industrialists, continue to mysteriously disappear. Unemployment has risen to 24%. Gas is now $42 per gallon.  Dagny Taggart, Vice President in Charge of Operations for Taggart Transcontinental, has discovered what may very well be the answer to the mounting energy crisis - found abandoned amongst ruins, a miraculous motor that could seemingly power the World.  But, the motor is dead... there is no one left to decipher its secret... and, someone is watching.  It's a race against the clock to find the inventor and stop the destroyer before the motor of the World is stopped for good.  A motor that would power the World. A World whose motor would be stopped.  Who is John Galt? Tedi Sarafian, writer of TERMINATOR 3: RISE OF THE MACHINES and TANK GIRL makes his feature directorial debut with this horror/sci-fi thriller based on true events. King's Ransom Winery is known as one of the most haunted places in North America. Gruesome suicides and murders, suspicious fires, and strange otherworldly phenomena have occurred with disturbing frequency throughout the dark history of the estate, all linked back to a past shocking slaughter where the victim was stabbed thirteen times. And that unlucky number has appeared a constant throughout every unexplained bizarre incident. Now a group of six paranormal investigators have been given 48-hour weekend access to the winery to conduct a search for evidence of the other side. Soon they begin to see things and witness strange happenings causing each to act out of character as a sinister presence forces long-buried memories and deep-seated fears to bubble to the surface. An American in Paris falls for a model and the two become intertwined in the criminal underworld of the European modeling industry. A pharmaceutical company recruits a well-known scientist to help develop a vaccine against a deadly virus. A young Chinese boy and girl are sent on a mission to retrieve the 'Glorious 100' - agents who were sent to this planet millennia ago to study and observe. Ex-Federale agent Machete is recruited by the President of the United States for a mission which would be impossible for any mortal man - he must take down a madman revolutionary and an eccentric billionaire arms dealer who has hatched a plan to spread war and anarchy across the planet. When an experiment for a new miracle drug goes terribly wrong, the scientists responsible must hurry to prevent an apocalyptic event. On the trail of a missing friend who had been experimenting with mind-altering drugs, a young journalist - aided by a rogue counter-culture writer, The Silence of The Lambs -- finds herself drawn into the dangerous world of top-secret government chemical research and the mystery of a disturbing radio signal of unknown origin. A fast-paced thriller blending fact and fiction, Banshee Chapter is based on real documents, actual test subject testimony, and uncovered secrets about covert programs run by the CIA. In California, an old man grieves the loss of his wife and on the next day he also dies. However, the space soldier Eros and her mate Tanna use an electric device to resurrect them both and the strong Inspector Clay that was murdered by the couple. Their intention is not to conquest Earth but to stop mankind from developing the powerful bomb "Solobonite" that would threaten the universe. When the population of Hollywood and Washington DC sees flying saucers on the sky, a colonel, a police lieutenant, a commercial pilot, his wife and a policeman try to stop the aliens. The town of Leffert's Corners has been plagued by unearthly beings for decades, and now there is only a few people left, including the local priest and a woman traumatised by the death of her sister. But when John Martense turns up to claim his illicit family fortune, with bad guys in pursuit, the last stand had become a lot more complicated. Based on the writings of H P Lovecraft. Ethan is suffering enormous guilt after his parents are killed in a car accident. He quits a promising future at MIT and work on a revolutionary experiment in order to care for his younger siblings. Frodo and Sam are trekking to Mordor to destroy the One Ring of Power while Gimli, Legolas and Aragorn search for the orc-captured Merry and Pippin. All along, nefarious wizard Saruman awaits the Fellowship members at the Orthanc Tower in Isengard. Welcome to Tumbleweed, Colorado, where the bad-ass baker just got zapped by lightning. Now his memory's fried and he's got to somehow unscramble the pieces of his life. But things only get crazier when he stumbles upon a cookie-cutter copy of himself dressed up as some kind of Frankenstein out back under a pile of leaves. Determined to solve the mystery of his own apparent murder, he tangles with his buried past, forcing him to choose once and for all between pastries and immortality. Saber Raine is hired to guide three elite soldiers on a rescue mission to recover a prince and princess who have been abducted from their home world. The trail leads Saber and his allies to a planet deep within uncharted space that is inhabited by strange mutated creatures. For Charles, video-games are a much needed escape from reality. But when virtual vixen Sophia leads him on a mysterious quest through the lovelorn lives of six New Yorkers, they will all learn that in the game of life...every heart is a moving target. A group of friends awake one morning to find all electricity and power shut off and an immense alien aircraft hovering in the air above their heads. Suddenly this regular group of friends is battling to survive as the entire human race is threatened by the alien army hovering ominously above. A global conspiracy is underway guided by The New World Order. They have strategically placed its members all over the globe in key positions of power. The time spoken in prophesy known as the end of days is quickly approaching. A secret religious order created thousands of years ago with the sole purpose to prevent the Apocalypse must face their fate. Walking by faith not by sight, through their journey, these knights will be pierced by the sword of truth, revealing their own miseries, doubts and fears, discovering how they were misled by their Master. Their faith will be put to test surrounded by temptation, betrayal, murder and remorse. Only the faithful to death shall receive the crown of life. The others will become Gothic Assassins. The terrifying story of a brother and sister who are sent to their grandparents' remote Pennsylvania farm for a weeklong trip. Once the children discover that the elderly couple is involved in something deeply disturbing, they see their chances of getting back home are growing smaller every day. A giant alien mosquito-type insect is drawn to earth from the CO2 pollution in search of blood. Del, a government agent, loses loved ones to the creature and is on a personal vendetta while the Dr. Kempler is captivated by it and attempts to help the creature cleanse the earth. In a future not too far away, Steve Battier, an elderly, terminally ill multi-millionaire, accepts the offer of a company - RPG - that in exchange for a high monetary sum, provides a very select group of clientele the chance to be young again. For 10 hours, 10 millionaires from around the world, men and women of fame and power, are transferred to attractive and healthy younger bodies, to live in a world of temporary rejuvenation, in a game of real thrills, where every hour someone must die. While attending a party at James Franco's house, Seth Rogen, Jay Baruchel and many other celebrities are faced with the apocalypse. After the disappearance of a young scientist on a business trip, his son and wife struggle to cope, only to make a bizarre discovery years later - one that may bring him home. In the United States, there is an active shooter incident every 12 days. In Memoriam shows the wrenching perspective of wounded survivors, grieving relatives, and heroes of the horrific attacks at the Las Vegas Route 91 Harvest Music Festival, the Sutherland Springs Baptist Church in Texas, and the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida. In a post-apocalyptic American Frontier, a soldier fends off a brutal warmonger to rescue a girl fated as the savior of humanity. A crew of international astronauts are sent on a private mission to Jupiter's fourth moon. Chad Turner has been implanted with a the only working biometric computer chip (aka The Mark of the Beast) in the world. The chip has the power to change the world with whoever controls it and Joseph Pike is determined acquire the chip even in the face of the most unforeseen event "The Rapture". Pike has taken hostage Mr.Cooper the head of security of Avanti the chip maker in order to help locate Turner and deliver the chip to his boss. Amongst the chaos Chad Turner must beat all odds to stay alive and keep the chip from falling into the wrong hands Dr David Wright's emotional torment now prevents him from functioning as a therapist. The woman he has loved has vanished from his life 'forever'. Rene Maurer, one of his regular patients, has died - an apparent suicide. Rene's sister, Erika, traveling to London to sort out his things, discovers something curious - his apartment is almost empty. A cup, a spoon, a fork, a knife, frames without pictures, torn photos... One more curiosity - a list of memories. Four dated descriptions of moments in Rene's life. Another patient dies. Another list of memories. There's something strange going on. Something sinister behind these 'suicides' Survivors of an airplane crash find themselves within the borders of a government testing area and pursued by predators. Seven strangers find themselves trapped in an underground storage facility, struggling to survive while being hunted by a supernatural beast that resides inside the mysterious 13th unit. In 2024, the computer network prevails throughout the daily life. Arishiro Sora is a 14 year old girl. One day, she is invited to an online game "The World". After an accident in the game, the real world begins to deform. The average person lives a Lifespan from around 0-80 sequentially. Spanners don't. Some live their lives in reverse. Some come alive for a single day every ten years. Some like our hero, Dr. Adam Parr - are immortal. An epic silent space opera about a robot-based alien invasion, featuring unique visuals created by meticulously modifying and editing thousands of hours of silent and serial film footage. With an original story, musical score, and sound design, Time of the Robots creates a new experience highly reminiscent of early cinema. 'I can shoot ink out of my fingers. That's about it really. Sometimes, in pressure situations, I can shoot it out of my toes.' When Squid Man gets downsized out of the Superhero Society, he's forced to crash on the couch of his former sidekick (and only friend) Warren. Now he spends his time boozing in a dead end bar, reminiscing about the days when the hero groupies were plentiful and even a second-rater like him could sometimes save the universe. But when a reporter wants to include him in an upcoming book about superheroes, Squid Man is forced to face the dark mysteries of his past... and the even more unsettling idea that he might actually have a future. Three very different people -- a quantum physicist, a neuroscientist (Sheetal Sheth), and an FBI agent -- find themselves drawn into a spiraling mystery. Confronted with a mysterious car accident, the three must interpret clues that defy common sense. Their collective quest takes them from science to art to music to mysticism in a widening search for answers.  After an intense outward chase to satisfy their rational minds, the trio realizes the answers they desire lie buried deep within themselves. As each seeker begins to embrace the true nature of reality, each is rewarded with revelations beyond their wildest imaginings. What they learn leaves them humbled and in awe of the strange and beautiful universe we call home. When everything makes sense, nothing makes sense.  This highly philosophical narrative has been applauded by scientists, artists, thinkers, scholars, media, academia, students and audiences from 10 to 80+ years old. Two teens battle their way through a religious apocalypse on a mission to defeat the Antichrist. 009 Re:Cyborg follows a group of nine cyborgs, each of them created by a shadowy organization for use as weapons against humanity. The group turns on their creators to protect the population instead, using the powers given them to fight their creators. After losing contact with a clandestine energy-research facility, a powerful venture capitalist contracts an elite team of operatives to retrieve the physicist who holds the key to an unprecedented alternate energy source. A unique peek behind the scenes of the making of The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. It offers an amazing look at how those radical reptiles were born. In depth interviews, and behind the scenes footage of how the stunts and action scenes were filmed. A first ever inside visit to Jim Henson's Creature Shop shows how the four Turtles, and Splinter and Shredder, were developed and given their individual characteristics. In-depth interviews with designers, artists, and model makers and Michael Pressman, the film's director tell the whole story. See exciting behind the scenes footage. If you love the Turtles, then don't miss this once in a lifetime behind the shells look at the film's most fabulous foursome. A bacteriological weapon developed by the US Government to create a super soldier - spreads an epidemic in a quiet little town in the middle of Eastern Europe. All citizens have been turned into infected zombies. The plan is to bring an atomic bomb into the city's nuclear plant to pretend a terrible accident occurred. No one has to know the truth. A team of mercenaries is hired to complete the mission. The battle is on. Hordes of monsters against the team. Who will survive? Six ambitious forensic undergrads are pitted against one another on a scientific expedition to a remote island, vying to win an esteemed trainee position with the FBI. Unbeknownst to them, the site was formerly used as an illegal biological testing ground for life-term criminals who were then left for dead. The arrival of the students disturbs the resting place, unleashing a pack of zombie criminal convicts who systematically hunt them down, one by one.  A man and woman are drawn together, entangled in the lifecycle of an ageless organism. Identity becomes an illusion as they struggle to assemble the loose fragments of wrecked lives. A distant Federation outpost Fort Casey comes under attack by bugs. The team on the fast attack ship Alesia is assigned to help the Starship John A. Warden stationed in Fort Casey evacuate along with the survivors and bring military intelligence safely back to Earth. Carl Jenkins, now ministry of Paranormal Warfare, takes the starship on a clandestine mission before its rendezvous with the Alesia and goes missing in the nebula. Now, the battle-hardened troopers are charged with a rescue mission that may lead to a much more sinister consequence than they ever could have imagined.... Director:  Tim Connery  After receiving his future obituary via a cryptic Internet file, Easton Denning is forced to confront his troubled past in order to prevent his predicted demise. When the government puts all its rotten criminal eggs in one airborne basket, it's asking for trouble. Before you can say, "Pass the barf bag," the crooks control the plane, led by creepy Cyrus "The Virus" Grissom. Watching his every move is the just-released Cameron Poe, who'd rather reunite with his family. When a pirate version of the most popular - first person shooter video game lands in the hands of Matt and Jimmy, they immediately think it's the coolest video game they have ever played. Little do they know that what seems to be their favourite video game is actually an evil recruiting device to turn selected kids into real Time Warriors, at the service of "The Lord of War": an evil character behind every war since the beginning of time. Through unlocked genetic memories that allow him to relive the adventures of his ancestor in 15th century Spain, Callum Lynch discovers he's a descendant of the secret 'Assassins' society. After gaining incredible knowledge and skills, he is now poised to take on the oppressive Knights Templar in the present day. It's Morphin' time! There's a tumor in the collective unconscious, and it's up to 6 young people to draw on its power to become the Struggled Reagans! Armed with Metaphysical super powers, a giant robot, and perverse sexual fetishes, they can defeat an ancient Hindu god and his googley eyed monster...Right? After becoming infected with the virus that killed superstar Hannah Geist, Syd March must unravel the mystery surrounding her death to save his own life . A group of friends head to a deserted Caribbean island for a surprise overnight bachelor party only to discover that the island isn't deserted. It's actually the home to a secret medical facility. Not only that, there's something wrong with the water surrounding the island... A special-ops team is dispatched to fight supernatural beings that have taken over a European city. Fowl-mouthed villain Turkie carves through the likes of a rapping grandma, a mindless puppet, a wig-wearing inventor, a bisexual space worm, and their equally ridiculous friends on his quest to recover the last copy of "ThanksKilling 2". Also known as "Turkeys, In, Space!". Ultraman Saga opens with a powerful apocalyptic vision of Tokyo, buildings destroyed and the city seemingly devoid of life. We are soon introduced to the Earth Defense Force (EDF), Team U (played by members of the female idol group AKB48). They and a group of young children and the last survivors on planet Earth after the world was invaded by the evil Alien Bat, the rest of the human population having been abducted. As humanity picks up the pieces, following the conclusion of "Transformers: Dark of the Moon," Autobots and Decepticons have all but vanished from the face of the planet. However, a group of powerful, ingenious businessman and scientists attempt to learn from past Transformer incursions and push the boundaries of technology beyond what they can control - all while an ancient, powerful Transformer menace sets Earth in his cross-hairs. Kessler's lab was created to run drug trials to determine what went wrong with a once popular mood stabilizing drug. Dr. Martin Kessler cloned his own daughter, who died from the drug. Once with ten test subjects, he and Dr Josephine Vanderhill are now left with only a few dying, sick clones, and one healthy placebo, Jenny. Daniel Powell runs the day to day operations and tends to the clones, administering the very drug that is killing them. When Dr. Kessler unexpectedly dies, instead of shutting down the facility, Dr Vanderhill wants to intensify the testing. She targets Jenny, and convinces Daniel to administer the pills in highly concentrated doses, sure to be fatal. Now conflicted, Daniel is determined to stop her and save the clones. A crew of young researchers escape into the future to avoid the shutdown of their project. They find that some type of 'eco-crisis' disaster has de-populated the area around their lab (in rural Idaho) and, by implication, the nation or maybe the world. Stranded in the barren future, in their travels they encounter an abandoned freight train possibly full of corpses (maybe, it isn't very clear). One of them travels further into the future and meets a family in a futuristic automobile, implying that that humankind has recovered from the disaster (or have they?) A murder scene writer returns home to attend his father's funeral and begins to experience constant flashbacks of his childhood. He then discovers a secret door in the house that leads to a room that hides a horrifying secret from his family's past. Six college friends unite for a weekend getaway where they find themselves fighting for their lives after a terrorist attack turns the local residents into rage infused zombies. A female doctor struggling to find her daughter after a long lost World War II biological weapon explodes on a U.S. military base in Bulgaria, turning people into mutant zombies. Video game experts are recruited by the military to fight 1980s-era video game characters who've attacked New York. Based on the hit web series of the same name, the science fiction/adventure/comedy, Angry Video Game Nerd: The Movie, follows a disgruntled gamer who must overcome his fear of the worst video game of all time in order to save his fans. Hilarity ensues as a simple road trip becomes an extravagant pursuit of the unexpected. The story takes place in the year 2034, two years after the events in Ghost in the Shell: S.A.C. 2nd GIG. Female cyborg Major Motoko Kusanagi has left Public Security Section 9, an elite counter-terrorist and anti-crime unit specializing in cyber-warfare, which has expanded to a team of 20 field operatives with Togusa acting as the field lead. A young married couple whose plans for their life together haven't turned out as expected decide to rob the bank where the husband works of $100,000, then hide the money in a safe place and return for it after they serve out their sentences. All goes according to plan until they get out of prison, when they find that they're being trailed by an insurance investigator and the husband's old cellmate, who has decided that he wants a cut of the money. Dillon stumbles on a little known news story about a company called Life Tracker Limited, which claims it has discovered a way to predict biological events in a human's life by looking at their DNA. Everyone views the story as a modern day form of palm reading that will go nowhere, but Dillon keeps turning on his camera when he finds articles on the Internet or hears about it on the news. An extremely wealthy elderly man dying from cancer undergoes a radical medical procedure that transfers his consciousness to the body of a healthy young man but everything may not be as good as it seems when he starts to uncover the mystery of the body's origins and the secret organization that will kill to keep its secrets. Following a group of students who leaves hateful comments on the page of a fellow pupil who recently committed suicide. A tabloid reporter makes a shocking cryptozoological discovery while investigating a recent rash of Bigfoot sightings in this comedy featuring beer, bikinis, and the wildest party animal you've ever met. Harlan James (Chase Carter) doesn't believe in Bigfoot. He's determined to disprove his existence when he heads into the woods, and starts to interview witnesses. Much to Harlan's surprise, he finds that Bigfoot is no forest-dwelling menace, but a mischievous Sasquatch with a taste for beer, and a love of beautiful women. Unfortunately for the fun-loving creature, vengeful redneck Chester Scroggins (Ron Blackwell) and some villainous bounty hunters are more interested in capturing Bigfoot than sharing a brew with him. Now, with the clock ticking, Harlan enlists the aid of the local sheriff (David Novak) and a pretty television reporter (Nicole Parsneau) in getting the story of a lifetime, and protecting the beast who only wants to party. Earth has been conquered by robots from another galaxy and the human survivors must stay in their homes, or risk incineration. On 13 January 2011, 24 scientists on night shift enter the control room. On 14 January 2011 at 6.00 PM clock only 1 scientist exits the control room. The other 23 have vanished without a trace. The scientist is questioned by two officers of the investigating detective services. An incredible story begins. A cop and a crook are exposed to a DNA altering formula that switches them into each other's bodies and forces them to work together in order to switch back. A rookie journalist has returned to the abandoned frontier of Earth with the dream of writing a career-making story about the descendants of those who were left behind. There she finds a decaying society ruled through fear by a mysterious, ageless despot. The last two decades have seen a striking decline in the quality of sound and listening experience. Compressed music, MP3s and streaming, have diminished the quality and flattened the emotion. Marketing gimmicks and convenience now take the place of excellence. The Distortion of Sound is an eye-opening expose of the current state of sound starring Linkin Park, Slash, Quincy Jones and more. This documentary will open your ears and inspire you to reach for richer, more soul-stirring musical experiences. As playwright Victor and director Jessica Mitchum venture into their new dark musical, "Apocalypse Tomorrow" (inspired by Leadbelly's "Goodnight Irene") they suddenly find themselves seduced by an underworld that is being created to preserve the few. WAY DOWN IN CHINATOWN is a surrealistic horror film in the same vein as "Eraserhead" and "The Rocky Horror Picture Show." Grieving young widower Santiago convinces his landlord - a disgraced biochemist with a serious hygiene problem - to help him clone his dead wife, using their female housemate as a surrogate mother. When your memory lies, how do you find the truth? Two years into the outbreak, SICK roam the land and the remaining survivors struggle day-to-day trying to rebuild civilization. With the SICK more active at night time, three people need to seek shelter in an empty home. Gisella dreams about writing important things, genuine things, and quits her job at the newspaper after yet another article is insensitively edited. She contacts a recently started alternative paper, where she is given the proposition of writing an article about the living situation among immigrants. Through her research she meets Marisol, Abeba and her daughter Lucinda, who live in a barrack by the harbor. To help solve their financial troubles, she invites them to live in her large house that she inherited from her grandmother. At first everything works well, but soon the mutual respect between the three women turns into a power struggle and hospitality is replaced with rules and a system of punishments. While attending a party at James Franco's house, Seth Rogen, Jay Baruchel and many other celebrities are faced with the apocalypse. Dexter, age 11, who has AIDS, and his next door neighbor Eric, a little older and much bigger, become best friends. Eric also becomes closer to Dexter's mother than to his own, who is neglectful and bigoted and violently forbids their friendship upon learning of it. Dexter and Erik start the journey to find "The Cure" they had read about in the local newspaper. Three injured, amnesiac, American immigrants named Red, White, and Blue are trapped in a small room and given "lessons" by a Uncle Sam carving with a radio in it. The doll demands order and the attention of its students, while leaving them in the dark about what happened to them, where they are, and exactly what the explosions and noises they hear outside are. When the wifi disappears, Anderson takes it upon himself to travel across a treacherous wasteland to find the last hotspot to post his last Woman Crush Wednesday on Instagram. Two men witness an unexplainable event in the sky as a historic solar storm approaches, and they try to survive as a terrifying life form hunts them. 18-year-old Mark wakes up in a parallel world where no one knows who he is - not his family, friends or girlfriend - and discovers that he and all the people he loves will soon die a painful death.  Alpha Girls is about a Sorority House terrorized by an unholy curse of their own creation. Calling All Earthlings explores a mid-century UFO cult led by one-time Howard Hughes confidante, George Van Tassel. Van Tassel claimed to have combined alien guidance with the writings of inventor/physicist Nikola Tesla, and other controversial science, to build an electromagnetic time machine he dubbed "The Integratron." Was he insane? Or could the dome really break through the boundaries of space, time, and energy? FBI agents worked against Van Tassel and the alternative community that formed out of his work. Would he finish the Integratron before the government finished him? In the year 2041, the rebel Centros are a plague to the survivors of the great toxic gas scare of 1993. A renegade Megarobot pilot and an archaeologist must team up (despite personal differences, a reluctant romance, and official pressure to cease and desist) to thwart the Centro's attempts to resurrect a hidden Megarobot, with which they can challenge the prevailing order. After serving time for murder, Josh Hutton returns to his home town where he meets Audry Hugo. No one can remember exactly what Josh did... After the death of his wife, a grieving man becomes the victim of a horrific experiment to cure his addiction. A woman inserts a camera in the head of her cheating boyfriend and watches his every move on her computer. For three years after being forced from office, Nixon remained silent. But in summer 1977, the steely, cunning former commander-in-chief agreed to sit for one all-inclusive interview to confront the questions of his time in office and the Watergate scandal that ended his presidency. Nixon surprised everyone in selecting Frost as his televised confessor, intending to easily outfox the breezy British showman and secure a place in the hearts and minds of Americans. Likewise, Frost's team harboured doubts about their boss's ability to hold his own. But as the cameras rolled, a charged battle of wits resulted. Alex Jones exposes the growing militarization of American law enforcement and the growing relationship between the military and police. Witness US training with foreign troops and learning how to control and contain civilian populations. You will see Special Forces helicopter attacks on South Texas towns, concentration camps, broad unconstitutional police actions, search and seizure and more. After a construction project begins digging in their neighbourhood, best friends Tuck, Munch and Alex inexplicably begin to receive strange, encoded messages on their cell phones. Convinced something bigger is going on, they go to their parents and the authorities. The three embark on a secret adventure to crack the code and follow it to its source, and discover a mysterious being from another world who desperately needs their help. The journey that follows will change all their lives forever. The Earth is threatened by the mysterious Space Ironmen brothers, and the Kamen Rider Club goes to the space to avoid them to be awakened. However, an agent of the  Alicia Federation, Inga Blink, tries to stop them. Kamen Rider Forze and Meteor fight for the destiny of the Earth and for the friendship of all beings. In the year 2033, a young girl trapped in a mysterious orphanage recklessly travels back in time to find her parents and amend her past. A mathematics professor ridiculed and fired from his university, uses illegal information in order to complete his groundbreaking work, an algorithm capable of predicting an individual's future. Christopher Gabriel, a young American, suffers from constant nightmares. These dreams have been coming for a long time, and nothing seems to be able to stop them. Suddenly, an unknown group of people kidnaps him and conducts a number of strange experiments. Initially, he is terrified, but unexpectedly, they help him realize that he is not an ordinary guy and is meant to accomplish an important mission. His dreams are the key to the answer. This film uses stop motion animation of still photographs to convey images of politics and science in the nuclear era. The advancement of science allows man to do things he never would have been able to do without, for good or bad. Politicians are either behind the scenes manipulating those scientists or are using that science for their own goals, primarily in the space race. Everyday items and people are projected upwards - many in the form of rockets - followed by iconic structures, such as the Empire State Building, the US Capitol, the Washington Monument, the Eiffel Tower and the Kremlin, being rocketed skyward as visual representations of that race into space. About a boy, Azman who stumbles upon a nano-tech glove which can transform his motorbike into body armor. The technology was designed by Dr.Natasya Irina Pushkin, a scientist at the Western Tech. Corporation. However, when she realizes that her creation will be used by a man with the power to destroy the world, she is determined to sabotage it. Mental patient Dwight Stroud (Nick Baldasare) escapes from an asylum and is mistaken for a motivational speaker named Artemis Finch who has money and women at his command. Dwight accepts the craziness of the situation, but as strange faceless figures begin to hunt him down, Dwight must deal with an escalating spiral of supernatural danger and hallucinations. A film about the mythical and mysterious cataclysm which befalls mankind on December 21st, 2012 and what happens next. Centered around 4 characters, each with a back story of what their life was like before it all came crashing down, the film depicts life for these characters as they struggle for survival and strive to discover the cause of the end of civilization as we presently know it. After the closure of their shipyard in Northern Spain, a few former workers: Santa, Jose, Lino, Amador, Sergei and Reina keep in touch. They meet mainly at a bar owned by their former colleague Rico. Santa is the most superficially confident and the unofficial leader of the group. A court case hangs over him relating to a shipyard lamp he smashed during protest against the closure. Jose is bitter that his wife, Ana, is employed when he is not. The gap between them is widening and he is fearful that she will leave him for a co-worker. Despite arthritic legs, Ana endures night shifts at a fish factory and thinks her looks are now lost. Not everyone seems to agree including her boss. Lino, an aging family man doggedly pursuing positions beyond his qualifications. The oldest member of the group, Amador, has degenerated into alcoholism after being abandoned by his wife; maintaining an increasingly transparent pretense that his wife will soon return from holiday. 'Heaven is Now' is a colorful, psychological thriller that journeys into the enigmatic realm of Mira's unconscious as she becomes entangled in a devastating love affair with Penny, the pink-haired, perverse girl-next-door. Her haunting encounters with a woman named Claudia drive Mira into a world of drugs, crime and otherworldly circumstances. Mira's sense of reality blurs further into her dreamworld, as she gets trapped in her inner extremes of both heaven and hell. In a City where crime rules supreme, District Attorney Tony Quinn has the scales of justice stacked against him. When a crime boss has Tony blinded by acid, it seems that crime has won for good. But through a miracle of modern science, Tony is given the ability to see in the dark like a bat. Tony Quinn takes the guise of the Black Bat to see to it that crime pays and that the scales of justice are balanced once more. The Oxbow Cure is a winter tale of Lena, a middle-aged woman who has recently been diagnosed with a life-altering disease. In an attempt to come to terms with her transforming body, she leaves her home in the city for a new life in remote northern Ontario. While exploring the natural world outside her cottage, she begins to create an interior routine. A frozen lake, mere steps from her front door, is a source of both fear and fascination. A married couple finds a human analog in their basement. The Analog appears to be a woman of the age of 20 but in reality she is a clone with the intelligence of a toddler. After being blackmailed by big business, the couple takes on the task to raise this analog and teach her what it means to be human. Michael Chambers has come home to Austin, Texas. To the mother who's starting a new life and the brother driven by old jealousies. To the places he remembers and the memories he can't forget. And to Rachel, the woman he married and then betrayed with his passion for gambling. Now she's together with Tommy Dundee, a man no one trifles with. He takes care of her in a way Michael never could, but there's a price for his attention and Rachel knows this. And when Michael devises a plan to get Rachel out from under Tommy's control, they become entangled in a web of intrigue, danger and desire from which no one escapes unscathed. Lucas is a scientist who works near the European experimental project that focus on advanced 'human neuron research'. The project is to transfer neuron information from one human mind to another. Lukas is chosen to connect his mind with a comatose woman he named Aurora. Two leading computer scientists work toward their goal of Technological Singularity,  as a radical anti-technology organization fights to prevent them from creating a world where computers can transcend the abilities of the human brain. This new, 75-minute video on DVD presents Jim Ladwig's great railroad stories, narrated by the author and illustrated by select vintage footage. Ride along as the vibrant history of Wisconsin's steam railroading era on the Chicago and Northwestern System lives again through Ladwig's laser-clear recollections and affectionate reflections.  In his 35 year career on the C&NW Jim worked many jobs, including his last 20 years as a conductor on the Ashland Division. His evocative tales of life on the tracks authentically capture the sights, sounds and even smells of those thrilling days when steam ruled the rails! The Kamen Rider Club discovers that the Dai-Zangyack fleet is moving towards Earth, led by Captain Marvelous as their Great Emperor. With many revived Super Sentai villains under his command, Captain Marvelous plans to obtain the Great Power of the Kamen Riders to gain the "Ultimate Treasure in the Universe. Meanwhile, Tsukasa Kadoya becomes the Great Leader of Dai-Shocker once again and recruits past enemies of the Kamen Riders to take down the Super Sentai teams. Unknown to the heroes, the Kamen Rider villains comprising Dai-Shocker cooperate with Dai-Zangyack's Super Sentai villain members with the intent of taking over the world. Upon learning this, the Kamen Riders and the Super Sentai teams all join forces in order to stop their respective enemies once and for all. A drama centered on people who seek validation by broadcasting their lives to as big an audience as possible. Sci-Fi thriller starring  D.C. Douglas, Tom Detrik, Carmela Hayslett Mirccu has a dream job as the PR coordinator of a record company. When her boss, the music mogul Martin threatens to fire her, she is forced to find her own way to success. Together with her football-playing boyfriend Roba who is recovering from an ankle injury she has to reflect whether the good times are really over, and to what lengths they are willing to go to survive. She is given one last chance to prove herself by successfully launching the career of an obnoxious fifteen-year-old teenage star-to-be with the code name Dirty Bomb. At the age of 10, Australian-born Andi Gibson had what she describes as a close encounter with a flying saucer. Naturally, everyone assumed she was bonkers. That is until one notable evening, 17 years later, when an airborne extra-terrestrial armada launches a nation-wide assault on Andi's home country and at the same time, for unspecified reasons, kidnaps her mother. To add to the debacle, it seems the other nations of the world are far too insulted by their exclusion from the attack to come to Australia's aid. Now it is up to Andi, her hypochondriac brother Elliot, retired boxer cousin Keith and documentary filmmaker friend Cam to stop the attack and rescue Andi's mum. Enlisting the help of Andi's equal-parts mysterious and cringeworthy father, the gang must battle car-chasing spaceships, martial-arts aliens, giant killer robots and, perhaps most frighteningly, a deluge of family secrets in their fight to save Australia. Bloody hell, this is gonna be a long night The story of a journalist from Delhi who happens to go to Kashmir and gets caught by STF forces, how her one day in a specially police cell changes her life. A guy from Croatia is accidentally involved in a world tragedy - the arrival of aliens demanding changes on earth or otherwise we are all gone at 13.11 pm eastern time 21 December... Peaceful, rustic Metzburgh is a quiet village which was a former industrial town whose glory days are long past after the collapse of Metzburgh Grain. Teenager Mark Lowe (Jason John Beebe) and his ex-girlfriend Lucy Greenheart (Sarah Manzella) are stuck in a lovers quarrel when a meteorite crash lands in the passive community. Glen (Robert Bozek ), an ex-employee of the grain silos who became homeless after the collapse of the mills, stumbles upon the fiery crash. Unaware that his find could be dangerous, he gets too close and a chemical poison sprays out of the meteorite, enveloping him. The chemical agent known as Ombis begins to turn his insides into a slimly substance. Unable to stop the spread of the infection, Glen runs onto the road where Mark and Lucy find him. The two take him to the only Doctor in town, Doctor D (Deborah Manzella) Mark and Lucy are shocked by their gruesome discovery and immediately contact the local Sheriff Thomas Brackett (Richard Satterwhite). A film by Star Blasting comic book artist Bill Hughes. In the future of our dreams, there lurks a villain from our nightmares. Matt Mercury and his Rocket Rangers encounter a mutant super-genius, called Professor Brainwave, who is on a mission to steal the Earth. Brainwave is from a mysterious region of space, known as the Alpha Zone and he is under the control of a giant one-eyed brain called the Galactic Mastermind. Mercury is more concerned about the affections of his half human, half house cat girlfriend, Mulkress Dunner. Pressure builds on Mercury when Mulkress is kidnapped, along with the Earth. Will Dr. Syfer's robotic Lima Beans save the day? Can a cranky robot, an ape scientist, an inarticulate Cyclops, a molten man in an iron mask, a self-absorbed battleship Captain, an eight-year-old boy or a disaffected girl side-kick do any better? Will Matt, see justice prevail... or at least get a call back from his girlfriend? Arashi mixes Japanese rock, Noh Masks and the weird volcanic landscapes of Sado Island in a radical reworking of The Tempest. In this Tempest the storm has gone badly wrong and ruined the island, Caliban is now in charge and Miranda has gone crazy. Prospero is missing, presumed dead. When a singer arrives on the island, exiled to the brutal prison that Caliban overseas, he escapes into the interior where he encounters a crazed older exile, and starts to become intrigued by the ancient Demon songs of the island. The singer tries to recreate the songs of the Demons, which he learns have the power to bring Spring back to the island, or once again to bring the terrible Storm Primatologist Davis Okoye shares an unshakable bond with George, the extraordinarily intelligent, silverback gorilla who has been in his care since birth.  But a rogue genetic experiment gone awry mutates this gentle ape into a raging creature of enormous size.  To make matters worse, it's soon discovered there are other similarly altered animals.  As these newly created alpha predators tear across North America, destroying everything in their path, Okoye teams with a discredited genetic engineer to secure an antidote, fighting his way through an ever-changing battlefield, not only to halt a global catastrophe but to save the fearsome creature that was once his friend. Sci-Fi - Haunted by a terrifying incident in his past, billionaire Bill Hansen seeks revenge by enlisting a team of mercenaries and a television personality to capture and exploit a dangerous lizard-like creature - Alejandra Bejar, Steven M. Blasini, Brittany Blaze An inventor creates a camera that can duplicate what it films. Using this camera he attempts to capture and preserve a moment of happiness between himself and his lover in the hope that his duplicate self will be happy forever if the recording is projected in an endless loop. The fantasy of creating the perfect woman is as old as Pygmalion, but how close is it to becoming a reality? This provocative documentary reveals the state of the art in artificial companions - from life-sized silicone sex dolls to humanoid robots - and offers a surprisingly human, at times humorous, look at the men who build, animate, and love them. Filmed in the U.S.A., U.K., Japan, and Germany. Narrated by Julie Newmar Five college friends go on a hiking trip in a remote area.  What starts as a beautiful sunny day, turns into a deadly  nightmare.  After an encounter with a strange kid who just  wants to play a game, their car mysteriously dies in the night.  Stranded in the middle of nowhere, they decide to wait it out  and find help in the morning... But not all of them make it through  the night.  As they desperately search for their missing friends,  they stumble upon the haunting truth behind the strange kid, who  has actually been dead for decades, and find themselves  unwilling participants in his deadly game. While researching a story that centers around an interface that connects the brain to a virtual reality super-computer, investigative reporter Sara Lincoln struggles with the technology's social and moral implications as the lines between her ethics, the virtual world, and reality blur. A detective's bride and her bridesmaid are raped and killed on the eve of the wedding, and the bodies are left covered in red roses.  The detective is drugged and framed for the murders and he must clear his name and find the killers.  Belying their apparent stillness, Emily Richardson's time lapse studies make for compelling and surprisingly eventful viewing: in the case of Redshift (named appropriately, after Hubbles law regarding the different wavelengths of light from stars), the activity is on a galactic scale: the wheeling of the heavens over a ragged line of coast. Her other piece, Nocturne, offers compelling evidence of her gifts as a filmmaker: her extraordinary compositional sense, her precise editing, and her uncanny intimation of the menace and beauty of cities at night. Based in London she is undoubtedly a major talent. -- Shane Danielsen; 57th Edinburgh International Film Festival 2003, Black Box Activity. In the third installment of the hit Nazi Zombie action horror movie, Outpost: Rise Of The Spetnaz, we discover the horrifying origins of these supernatural soldiers and see them in ferocious gladiatorial battle against the most ruthless and notorious of all military special forces: the Russian Spetsnaz.  Following on the heels of the film, "Please, talk with me", comes: Surviving Evidence. This paranormal thriller is set in the present and seeks to raise as many questions in the viewers' minds as it may answer -- acting as a 'what if' exercise in regard to the relevancy, morality and application of paranormal experience in relation to free will, societal customs and what the future may hold. Three friends find themselves trapped in an underground parking garage. They soon discover it is no ordinary parking garage with doorways leading into the past and future and floors that repeat themselves for eternity. As their perception of time and space crumbles around them, they must struggle to keep their sanity, if not their lives. Use of a helicopter to transport an oil-drilling rig to a prospecting site deep in the New Guinea jungle. A group of B-string superheroes go on a reality show in hopes of hitting the big time. An alien intending to claim Earth for his people before their homeworld is destroyed by a comet decides not to eliminate humanity when he hears their music. Instead, he lives among them until another alien is sent to find and kill him. Akhilan and Vimalan are the conjoined twins of genetic scientist Ramachandran, whose company makes Energion, a dietary supplement that promises to make geniuses out of children. When Russian journalist Volga tells them that there is something fishy about Energion and is mysteriously found dead, their lives are turned topsy-turvy. Two young scientists are swept up in a government plot to suppress the truth about a biological disaster at a genetic research facility. Sam Ellis is a man on the rise -- a hot-shot federal prosecutor on the cusp of a bright political future. But what was meant to be a one-time experience with an escort turns into a growing addiction -- a new demon threatening to destroy his life, family, and career. Modified is a dark science fiction thriller set in an underground world of body modification with technology. Modified boasts an international cast of actors including John Sandeman, Robert Dawson, Cory Sanders, Lia Albers, Joe Law, Megan Anstee and Gabriel Constantin as cyberpunk antiheroes in a high-tech world of easy sex and death.  Kerr (Cory Sanders) searches an underground world of illegal body modification with technology for Cole (Lia Albers) the woman he loves, but soon finds himself caught in a battle for control of the modification scene. Their world will be torn apart. Zad is a revolutionist who is trying to free his country, but most of his plans went wrong. He has been looking for a woman for more than three years believing that she holds many secrets within herself that are capable of saving him, the entire world and maybe earth! Now he's on a mission to convince her to go with him in order to rebuild what he has destroyed, he believes that she has changed a lot while she believes she has never met him! Will Zad succeed in convincing her and eventually saves the humanity and the planet? (When Time Becomes a Woman) is a film that takes you into a journey of self-discovery. It takes place in one location with two characters only. Could this 70-minute meeting change both of their lives and fate? Could they take decisions that they long feared to take? This first Sci-Fi Arabic film aims to portray human stories within nothing but dialogue and emotions. Following the events of Captain America: Civil War, Peter Parker, with the help of his mentor Tony Stark, tries to balance his life as an ordinary high school student in Queens, New York City, with fighting crime as his superhero alter ego Spider-Man as a new threat, the Vulture, emerges. A messed-up astronaut runs from the deadly black fog that slowly covers everything. He seems to have only a short memory but he needs to find a way out. We repeatedly follow him through different strange scenes where he seems to meet the same people on an on again, but each time they are different and the stories they tell seem to differ as well. The film focuses on a universal problem solving situation rather than on classic linear storytelling. When a hungry Astronomer falls asleep while working on a problem, he discovers a solution not in outer space but in the surreal food-chain of his subconscious mind. Forced to give up his dreams of art school, Zach works dead-end jobs to support his sister and her son. Questioning his life, he paints, surfs and hangs out with his best friend, Gabe. When Gabe's older brother returns home for the summer, Zach suddenly finds himself drawn into a relationship he didn't expect. Dr. Mabuse, criminal mastermind - returns in this epic steam punk thriller, in which six interwoven tales document the downfall of Dr. Mabuse and his city "Etiopomar". A 20 year old, runs away from his conservative father to the remote town where his mother died two years ago. He meets an alluring young woman. They search for answers about his mother's death and discover a terrifying entity in the woods Lee Hanlon, the smartest student at an elite military school called the Complex, is intrigued by the academy's Black Skulls brotherhood but finds himself thrust into the role of global savior when he discovers their devilish origin. The true story of how Ray Kroc, a salesman from Illinois, met Mac and Dick McDonald, who were running a burger operation in 1950s Southern California. Kroc was impressed by the brothers' speedy system of making the food and saw franchise potential. He maneuvered himself into a position to be able to pull the company from the brothers and create a billion-dollar empire. Confirmation of extraterrestrial life appears on television screens across the world as a massive spacecraft breaks through the atmosphere on a crash course into the Atlantic Ocean. A young paramedic, Greg Baker, signs up to fight for his planet against the invaders. Baker joins Special Forces members as the squad medic as they escort a classified package by chopper over enemy territory. When their chopper is shot down they find themselves surrounded and outnumbered. Desperate to return to his wife's side and haunted by nightmares, Baker find that his role in the war has quickly become much larger than he could have ever imagined. The mysterious package may be the key to turning the tide of the war, and possibly to saving all of humanity, but Baker must decide whether to protect it or sacrifice it to ensure his own survival. What would you do on the last day on Earth?  With the end of the world only hours away, the self-absorbed James heads to the ultimate party-to-end-all-parties. On his way there, he saves the life of a young girl named Rose who is searching desperately for her missing father. This simple act sets James on a path to redemption. A team of astronauts on the first mission to Mars crashes onto the surface, losing contact with Earth. With no other recourse, and help millions of miles away, the crew is forced to make desperate choices in order to stay alive. Will they be able to survive as the minutes slip away? Five college students wake up in an abandoned, locked-down insane asylum - with no idea how they got there and no means of escape. They discover that they are the subjects of secret experiments, but these tests have awakened something that cannot be explained by science. The group must now fight to escape both the human and supernatural threats if they are to survive and break out of their prison. Ten years after a tsunami destroyed a small-town elementary school with all the children inside, a young man builds a mysterious structure out of the school's remains, setting the town aflame with passions long forgotten. Bravo city is in trouble. Mind Brain and his evil shadow walkers plan to take it over, and eventually control the whole world. Driven by greed, Mind Brain uses villains with immense powers to achieve his goals.Bravo city's only hope is a kid named skater, an aspiring hockey player and the first member of the Universal Ninjas' Team  94 years after The Battle of Yavin, the New Republic has been resurrected and democracy once again rules the galaxy. The Jedi Order is reestablished on the planet Yavin 4, and has continued to train new Jedi Knights in the art of peace and justice. But all is not peaceful in this new world. With the fall of the Dark Empire, the ancient Skenvi Empire now comes out of the shadow to make its move. The Skenvi now oppose the New Republic for control over the galaxy with their aggressively growing empire. The Skenvi seek to seize control of all the galaxy's most valuable resources to cripple their enemies. And if a planet refuses to join them, they have been known to take very aggressive actions. Caught in between this struggle over the fate of the galaxy is the little planet of Coreign. The planet possesses a very powerful resource that would greatly favor the side that has access to it if a galactic war was to emerge. Fifteen years ago, three childhood friends, Geki, Sherry and Okuma, were star-gazing and became inspired to go into space. As adults, Geki and Okuma join a mission to Mars, but their space shuttle goes missing before they could reach their destination. A year later, a monster attacks and a mysterious silver-colored warrior appears. A 3D feature film about Sir Edmund Hillary's monumental and historical ascent of Mt. Everest in 1953 - an event that stunned the world and defined a nation. Return to the Class of Nuke 'Em High follows a young couple that are up against the school glee club. Unfortunately, the glee club has mutated into a gang called The Cretins. When the other students begin to undergo mutations, our couple must solve the mystery and save Tromaville High School Charlie Kenton is a washed-up fighter who retired from the ring when robots took over the sport. After his robot is trashed, he reluctantly teams up with his estranged son to rebuild and train an unlikely contender. Set in the year 2017, the Japanese government attempts to secretly control the DNA of its people. Ryuhei Kagura (Kazunari Ninomiya) is a top scientist in the field of DNA analysis. He works at the DNA analysis institution run by the National Police Agency.  When the inventor of the DNA analysis system is murdered, Ryuhei Kagura's own DNA is found at the murder scene. Ryuhei Kagura becomes the prime suspect and then he becomes a fugitive. Veteran detective Reiji Asama (Etsushi Toyokawa) goes in pursuit. Chronicles the experiences of four immigrant families as they experience the Lower East Side of New York during the early twentieth century. A young suburban family move into a new home, only to find something strange and fantastic there. At first inspiring, this discovery eventually threatens their bond as a family. Featuring David Tenenbaum, Nicol Zanzarella, Bobbie Prewitt and Charlie Mattera. The Fitzroy is a live action black comedy set in an alternative post-apocalyptic 1950s. The world is covered in poisonous gas, and the last place for a traditional seaside holiday is The Fitzroy hotel, an abandoned submarine just off the coast of England. The film centers on Bernard, the hotel's bellboy, cook, maintenance man and general dogsbody, as he faces a constant battle to keep the decaying hotel airtight and afloat. But when he falls in love with a murderous guest, he is thrown into a mad day of lies, backstabbing and chaos. As Bernard struggles to hide her murders from the other guests and suspicious authorities, his world literally begins to sink around him. In the inner chambers of the Shugun's castle, 3,000 men attempt to vie for the affection of the female shogun. Based on the 4th-6th volumes in the manga series "Ooku" by Fumi Yoshinaga. A group of Los Angeles teenagers meet every day at their local diner hangout to discus their latest misadventures with their miserable lives With the aid of a fellow Auschwitz survivor and a hand-written letter, an elderly man with dementia goes in search of the person responsible for the death of his family. After the catastrophic Dark Wave damaged every faster-than-light crystal, leaving thousands of ships stranded and drifting, a small salvage vessel arrives at a spaceship graveyard. But the crew soon discover that not everything on this Drift is dead, and as the objective changes from salvage to survival, it emerges that one crew member has a secret agenda... On a desperate quest to find her missing brother, Marianna reluctantly picks up a mysterious stranger with no memory, John. Together they must get to a rendezvous point on the west coast where a shadowy figure awaits them. Unbeknownst to them a black-ops splinter cell team is tracking John. They send in special agent Thomas Dockins, a highly trained and brainwashed military assassin, to kill John and the woman he is traveling with. As they struggle for their lives, John and Marianna discover that they are caught in the middle of a sinister extra-terrestrial plot. At a climate research station in the Alps, the scientists are stunned as the nearby melting glacier is leaking a red liquid. It quickly turns to be very special juice -- with unexpected genetic effects on the local wildlife. Him and her. A husband and a wife staying in a cozy hotel where you can come for just a couple of days with a risk to get stuck forever. It is so easy to get trapped in the daily routine. Indeed, nothing is more permanent than the temporary. Their time is like a flat circle. He has his phone calls and business meetings. She is wrapped in her dreams and doubts. All reactions are predictable, all conversations are learnt by heart. An endless LP record of life keeps playing again and again repeating itself. But a few things can break this tune, like a scratch on the record, a crack on a wine glass, a sudden glance or a meeting with a stranger. And then you know: tomorrow will come soon. Any moment something can go wrong, throw you off course, and force you to make a choice. Cal Weaver is living the American dream. He has a good job, a beautiful house, great children and a beautiful wife, named Emily. Cal's seemingly perfect life unravels, however, when he learns that Emily has been unfaithful and wants a divorce. Over 40 and suddenly single, Cal is adrift in the fickle world of dating. Enter, Jacob Palmer, a self-styled player who takes Cal under his wing and teaches him how to be a hit with the ladies. In Taeter City everything is managed by the iron fist of dictatorship members: THE AUTORITY. They use a special radio wave system called Zeed that lets them distinguish criminals from typical law abiding citizens. These special radio waves alter the demented brain of criminals, forcing them to commit suicide in horrible ways. A special police corps called The Biker's retrieves their corpses and delivers them to massive slaughterhouses. These supply the mega fast food chains with the human flesh products they need to feed the masses, non-stop. A western occupation propaganda film in which a boy repairs a western style doll that comes to life and uses a magic pen to rebuild his bleak and war torn world into a happy place resembling western civilization. After losing funding for his work, paranormal researcher Dr. Alan Greer has devised a way to continue his research and experiments with dozens of willing test subjects. His plan? To become a teacher of parapsychology at a Virginia university, where his students will secretly double as test subjects. They are about to get a much more hands on learning environment than any of them imagined. Under the insane leadership of two mysterious figures, an underground support group for sufferers of 'reverse deja-vu' starts to fall apart at the seams, pulling the group members down into a fractured world of strange visions and surreal flashbacks, as they try to make sense of the city around them. This sci-fi mockumentary follows the unusual efforts of the Monster Defense Team, a group appointed by 94-year-old mayor Harper Stokes (Hayward Barrett) after the small, reportedly monster-inhabited, town of Farr is ridiculed by the media. Bound for a remote planet on the far side of the galaxy, the crew of the colony ship 'Covenant' discovers what is thought to be an uncharted paradise, but is actually a dark, dangerous world--which has a sole inhabitant: the 'synthetic', David, survivor of the doomed Prometheus expedition. Charlie Cooper is a special agent of the future - the mind of a man running entirely on a computer, able to transfer his consciousness to bio-mechanical bodies at will. But when a computer virus corrupts his system, he must face one of his greatest challenges yet: mortality. Already deep into a second Cold War, Britain's Ministry of Defense seeks a game-changing weapon. Programmer Vincent McCarthy unwittingly provides an answer in The Machine, a super-strong human cyborg. When a programming bug causes the prototype to decimate his lab, McCarthy takes his obsessive efforts underground, far away from inquisitive eyes. A meteor crashes into a quiet lake in the remote countryside and awakens a centuries-old beast, who tears through a nearby town and its inhabitants, who must fight for their lives and stop this Queen Crab before she can hatch an army of babies. A young man discovers a hole in the floor of a local motel that leads to yesterday. Czech teacher Peter experiences journey into the past to late 80's to recover his true love Eliska. At present he's nothing but relationship's loser so he tries to find his true love at least at the past. During his journey he passes not just through relationship's problem but thanks to his radical opinions also encounters problems with communists, even if he knows already from the future that totalitarian regime won't last forever. For ten years, inventor David Kressen has lived in seclusion with his inventions, including Adam, a robot with incredible lifelike human qualities. When reporter Joy Andrews is given access to their unconventional facility, she is alternately repelled and attracted to the scientist and his creation. But as Adam exhibits emergent behavior of anger and jealousy towards her, she finds herself increasingly entangled in a web of deception where no one's motives are easily decipherable. A couple on the brink of ending their marriage spend a weekend in different cities. After a cataclysmic event strikes, the husband embarks on a physical and emotional quest to return home as a nation prepares for the worst. Mark Fisher disappeared from his home in a brilliant flash of blue light almost two years ago. His friend Seth Hampton was the last to see him alive. Now a string of grisly, violent murders leads Seth to believe that Mark is back, and something evil is living inside of him. When Claire Spencer starts hearing ghostly voices and seeing spooky images, she wonders if an otherworldly spirit is trying to contact her. All the while, her husband tries to reassure her by telling her it's all in her head. But as Claire investigates, she discovers that the man she loves might know more than he's letting on. Mike and Lenny are two buddies who dream of getting out of the trailer park. Out of desperation they resort to burglary as a means of financing Mike's college education. Their dream is jeopardized one summer day when their ploy to shoplift Near Beer begins a crime spree and a series of mishaps during which they are threatened with jail. A successful writer experiments with a new creativity-inducing brain chip by implanting it in the mind of a naive country girl, Cristi.  The results are better than expected, but Cristi can no longer sleep, eat, smell... or die.  What seemed to be a breakthrough in science becomes a horrific nightmare. A group of scientists is sent to the planet Arkanar to help the local civilization, which is in the Medieval phase of its own history, to find the right path to progress. Their task is a difficult one: they cannot interfere violently and in no case can they kill. The scientist Rumata tries to save the local intellectuals from their punishment and cannot avoid taking a position. As if the question were: what would you do in God's place? Director's statement Aleksei wanted to make this film his entire life. The road was a long one. This is not a film about cruelty, but about love. A love that was there, tangible, alive, and that resisted through the hardest of conditions. A virus gets loose in Taipei Army and SWAT teams oversee evacuation but in Ximending the gangs don't want the police They attack the military but when both find themselves under attack by zombies there is an alliance as they try and escape. Eight young people from Ohio who are dancers, come to New York, to compete in a major talent competition. But when they get there, they learn that they have to wait some time before they take part in it. So they try to do their best to survive in the Big Apple before competition, and get some lessons about the real World. The town of Midground is threatened by a tsunami caused by a massive earthquake in the North Pacific Ocean. After other unexplainable events transpire, Chase Lombardi and friends are forced to discover whether they are experiencing a natural phenomenon or something else all together. The widow of a wise professor stumbles upon one of his inventions that's able to record and play a person's memory. The legendary post-apocalyptic adventure of Cooley Moon, in which a mysterious and brutal attack has decimated the world's population, forcing a small group of survivors to stay alive long enough to unlock the mystery that could save them all. By inviting scientists to share memories of what sparked their imaginations, Wonder House is an exploration of how childhood objects and environments develop young minds. Taking these insights as a starting point and adopting the metaphor of a young girl discovering an old house, Wonder House combines live choreography and stop-motion animation with real scientists' voices to offer a synthesis of fact and fiction, science and art, imagination and reality. Film starring Jack Culbertson, Emily Brooks and Hank Fodor 30 years ago, David's younger brother Simon disappeared without a trace and has never been seen since. David is still looking, and the search for Simon has become his life. When an underwater ocean lab is lost in a earthquake, an advanced submarine is sent down to find it and encounters terrible danger. When their home security system malfunctions, a family struggles to survive an attack against a state of the art patrol guard that believes they are intruders. Directed by Xu Kerr. Centuries of unchecked industrialization have left Earth unsuitable for supporting human life. Rather than trying to restore the ravaged planet, humanity has learned to embrace its changing environment. This Metaphysical Dark Action Comedy "A MAN CALLED NEREUS" is the debut feature of writer/director Nathan Hill, for Armored Vision. Nereus is an autistic man who is being held captive by the Filaria crime family due to his unique ability to predict the exact outcome of sporting events through time travel. However, this all changes the moment he is kidnapped by a junkie who plans to take him to Las Vegas. Now on the run, the two must weave through madmen, corrupt law enforcement and new-age terrorists. Quirky and rebellious April Burns lives with her boyfriend in a low-rent New York City apartment miles away from her emotionally distant family. But when she discovers that her mother has a fatal form of breast cancer, she invites the clan to her place for Thanksgiving. While her father struggles to drive her family into the city, April -- an inexperienced cook -- runs into kitchen trouble and must ask a neighbor for help. An unknown virus begins to spread infecting the local population almost instantly, but footage found by the CDC of one man's survival may just help them find a cure. When baby Sebastian is born on 12/12/12 everyone around him starts to die. Soon, his mother realizes that her son is the spawn of Hell. When a rare phenomenon gives police officer John Sullivan the chance to speak to his father, 30 years in the past, he takes the opportunity to prevent his dad's tragic death.  After his actions inadvertently give rise to a series of brutal murders he and his father must find a way to fix the consequences of altering time. In the not so distant future, about 30,000 clones, also known as "The Secret Children," live harmoniously with the humans who created them more than 30 years ago. However, the lives of clones drastically change when a dictator named Bloomquist takes over the presidency and leads a campaign to extinguish them. The new regime instates a Clone Monitoring Committee to fulfill its goal to eradicate the clones until they are all destroyed. Harry Potter has lived under the stairs at his aunt and uncle's house his whole life. But on his 11th birthday, he learns he's a powerful wizard -- with a place waiting for him at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. As he learns to harness his newfound powers with the help of the school's kindly headmaster, Harry uncovers the truth about his parents' deaths -- and about the villain who's to blame. Various lives converge on an isolated island, all connected by an author whose novel has become inextricably entwined with his own life. In the midst of America's Second Civil War, a young woman named Cara Gardner must journey across the colonized "Blue" states in hopes of finding her only remaining family. Siblings find their dead uncle's secret stash VHS tapes. The tapes feature sick solicitors, gruesome dares, patricide, demonic technology, monstrous fruit and many more horrors. As they eagerly watch each of these shocking, bizarre, comedic and bloody movies, little do they know that they are conjuring something very ghoulish and gruesome. In the tradition of horror anthologies like V/H/S. The life of a spanish couple gets complicated when the Civil War begins and a strange green light appears in the woods, opening the door to the world of the Bream Lords. The drama tells the story of Lennon's teenage years and the start of his journey to becoming a successful musician. The story also examines the impact on his early life and personality of the two dominant females in his childhood A world of color and music created from the poetry of Dinos Christianopoulos and Maria Tataraki interwoven within the backdrop of a futuristic Athens, which faces modern political turmoil due to a malfunction within the android population. A book-smart teenager joins his school's wrestling team as a way to reunite his surviving family members, who split apart after the death of his father, a college wrestling legend, 10 years ago. A deadly car accident brings together a group of previously unrelated people, each of whom is forced to deal with the emotional fallout. In 2010, An unidentifiable life form began to appear in the central region of America. This phenomenon was soon linked to a NASA probe that was reportedly crashed somewhere in the Western Hemisphere. By 2018 what appeared as an unidentifiable life form had transformed into a devastating catastrophe. A comedic drama about a group of people (and several robots) living on a space station in a 1970's-version of the future. When a new Assistant Captain arrives, she inadvertently ignites tensions among the crew, prompting them to confront their darkest secrets. Barely contained lust, jealousy, and anger all bubble to the surface, becoming just as dangerous as the asteroid that's heading right for them. It's been 20 years since the corporations took over the world's governments. Their thirst for power and profits led to the Corporate Wars, a fierce global battle that laid waste to society as we know it. Born from the ash, the Council of Nine rose as a new law and order for this dark age. To avenge the corporations' reckless destruction, the Council issues death warrants for all white collar criminals. Their hunters--the bounty killer. From amateur savage to graceful assassin, the bounty killers now compete for body count, fame and a fat stack of cash. They're ending the plague of corporate greed and providing the survivors of the apocalypse with retribution. These are the new heroes. This is the age of the BOUNTY KILLER. A team of misfit kids playing at a baseball park are caught in a meteorite strike that burns the fields, leaving them unharmed but believing they are endowed with special powers. When Damon Miller, a talented, young London filmmaker becomes involved in the disturbing research surrounding Near-Earth Objects he stumbles onto the discovery that the Earth stands on the brink of an extraterrestrial disaster. As summer begins to wane into autumn, Detective Benoit Michaud investigates what appears to be the suicide of prominent journalist Sandra Templeton. Michaud soon realizes that the suicide may have involved her stalker, a man with a mysterious past who underwent secret military training. The intricate web of deception expands as Michaud uncovers a report Templeton had been working on in which she describes the real reason for the G20 fences in downtown Toronto. As Michaud delves further, he realizes the murder is more than it seems, leading him to discover that the crime is part of a vast conspiracy by shadowy forces attempting to cover up the connection between the G20 fences, the earthquake, and power outage all occuring during the summer of 2010. When a long gone scientist suddenly visits his wealthy twin brother, he reveals he was researching animal head transplants in a remote Asian lab. This knowledge proves to be extremely critical after an accident when the brother finds himself in complete control of his relative, who starts showing signs of mental instability. The USS Enterprise crew explores the furthest reaches of uncharted space, where they encounter a mysterious new enemy who puts them and everything the Federation stands for to the test. Slaking a thirst for dangerous games, Kathryn challenges her stepbrother, Sebastian, to deflower their headmaster's daughter before the summer ends. If he succeeds, the prize is the chance to bed Kathryn. But if he loses, Kathryn will claim his most prized possession. In a future where we have lost the ability to dream, people have turned to Fantasites, a parasite that induces the user's wildest fantasies. When socially awkward Charles starts using the miracle product he finally meets the girl of his "dreams." However, Fantasites come with some disturbing side effects that leave his chances with her squirming away. A Film of a Claes Oldenburg Happening, Ray Gun Theater, 1962. In the distant future high-tech man colonized the world and leaves all the dirty work of an army of androids and robots. Now, somewhere rebelling robots, and a heavily armed special forces, led by Major Fox well to look after things. Locally it is found that the problem is bigger than expected: namely, the machine themselves have tinkered machines, and with these new Combat robots is no joke. Luckily, keeping an even few androids to people ... The perfect killing machine is reprogrammed to think and feel. In a dystopian future, citizens without jobs are sent away, never to be heard from again. Adam (Eric Kopatz), a laid off factory worker, answers an ad for a medical test experiment and unknowingly becomes the prime subject in a history altering transhumanism project. Unhinged by his girlfriend's sudden departure, artist Angus begins slipping into a dark layer of reality ruled by a powerful demon. Believing that the key to finding her lies within, Angus plunges deeper into the infernal netherworld. By adopting the experimental drug while the military, battle of Sam followed in the footsteps of the super hero of World War II, known great-grandfather, as his battle CAPTAIN. Drug turns him into super-being and intelligence beyond that of an ordinary human strength, and agility. After his service, he returns home to home over to the ruthless neo-Nazi thugs by referring to the mastermind of evil known as the service is Necromancer. Third Reich is equipped again raise re-animation by Himmler them. Sam only, as captain of the battle, will be able to save them! Rez lost his wife sometime in the past, now he is a man abandoned by society,  trying to survive, and provide for his daughter. He possesses a gift: the perfect photographic memory, but having perfect recall isn't all it's cracked up to be.  He finds himself involved with dangerous people from his past who persuade him into testing their stolen time machine "Titus" that has the ability to send someone hours into the future. When he leaps forward in time and witnesses a nuclear explosion, he returns to his own time and has only eight hours to discover the cause and save the city from destruction. From the producers of Paranormal Activity, Insidious, and Sinister comes Dark Skies: a supernatural thriller that follows a young family living in the suburbs. As husband and wife Daniel and Lacey Barret witness an escalating series of disturbing events involving their family, their safe and peaceful home quickly unravels. When it becomes clear that the Barret family is being targeted by an unimaginably terrifying and deadly force, Daniel and Lacey take matters in their own hands to solve the mystery of what is after their family. Cedric the Entertainer plays Jake, a seemingly regular guy who has no idea who he is after being hit over the head by mysterious assailants. When he finds himself entangled in a government conspiracy, Jake and his pursuers become convinced that he is an undercover agent. As a new day begins in the town of Silverton, its residents have little reason to believe it will be anything other than ordinary. Mother Nature, however has other plans. In the span of just a few hours, an unprecedented onslaught of powerful tornadoes ravages Silverton. Storm trackers predict that the worst is still to come, as terrified residents seek shelter, and professional storm-chasers run toward the danger, hoping to study the phenomenon close up and get a once-in-a-lifetime shot. An astronaut crashes in the middle of nowhere. A young woman searches for her family in an abandoned urban wasteland. A prisoner prepares for a space program that will make him the first human being on Mars. Hitoshi Nagano (Kazuya Kamenashi), who works at an electronics store, picks up a cellphone left behind by a customer and goes about a scam. He calls the person's mother and pretends to be her son. He then gets the mother to transfer money to his bank account. Soon, Hitoshi gets a lot more than he bargained for. (Source: Asianwiki) A bounty hunter named Atticus Gage tracks down criminals in a post-apocalyptic Earth. An assassin is shot by her ruthless employer, Bill, and other members of their assassination circle - but she lives to plot her vengeance. When Tony Stark tries to jumpstart a dormant peacekeeping program, things go awry and Earth's Mightiest Heroes are put to the ultimate test as the fate of the planet hangs in the balance. As the villainous Ultron emerges, it is up to The Avengers to stop him from enacting his terrible plans, and soon uneasy alliances and unexpected action pave the way for an epic and unique global adventure. Suki is a young woman confronting her destructive mental illness using "The Siamese Burn," an experimental machine designed to eliminate multiple personalities. The closer Suki comes to being "cured," she's haunted by a thought... what if the last unwanted identity turns out to be her? In this classic story by one of the world's best-loved and acclaimed storytellers for children, the man in the moon looks down on the happy, dancing people on Earth every night, wishing he could join them. He hitches a ride on a passing comet, but quickly finds himself thrown into jail by people who see him as an invader, rather than a friendly visitor. The Moon Man, however, has a most unusual - but perfectly logical - means of escape, and sets out to make his way back home. It's a new school year at the local Junior High School i Kamakura. The school year starts off with a new transfer student Ryoichi Kyogoku who joins the 8th grade class. He has been ordered to join the school, and use his special gift of telepathy and take over their school. This boy who happens to be handsome, and be a charismatic person, gains popularity, and using his powers takes over the entire school, except for Seki. This begins a war to regain their freedom for their school and themselves. Three documentary makers, are heading home from Burning Man in their RV and decide to pull off into the desert to camp for the night. Things get creepy. With their 5 RV cams running 24/7, we see everything that happens...even things they don't see. When a systems engineer blows the whistle on a dangerous technology, Charlie's Angels from across the globe are called into action, putting their lives on the line to protect society. In this Hunger Games spoof, Kantmiss Evershot must fight for her life in the 75th annual Starving Games, where she could also win an old ham, a coupon for a foot-long sub, and a partially eaten pickle. 3G is the nightmarish story of Sam Arora and Sheena, a couple, who become victims of a series of events when Sam buys a 3G enabled second hand phone in Fiji islands while on a holiday.  One night they receive a Phantom Call which changes their lives forever. For years, people have been making home movies, many times using pop culture properties that they may not own, but love. In recent years, these types of projects have come to be known as "fanfilms". Backyard Blockbusters looks at the history and influence of the fanfilm genre, as well as the copyright and fair use problems these films create, featuring highlights from and interviews with the creators of many popular films. Set in New York City, The Elegant Clockwork of the Universe chronicles the immediate days following a young woman, Mala Adou's disappearance, and her boyfriend, Muhammad's dogged drive to find her.  Muhammad Masood is a middle school teacher whose life is turned upside down when he awakens one morning to find his lover, Mala Adou, of six years gone--leaving behind everything. In the future, man's quest for answers will take him to the edge of the universe. But the knowledge they seek, should never be known. This fragmented post-apocalyptic narrative utilises live action, song and mind-bending animation to explore the uncertain aftermath of a cataclysmic investment crisis. American car designer Carroll Shelby and the British-born driver Ken Miles work together to battle corporate interference, the laws of physics, and their own personal demons to build a revolutionary race car for Ford Motor Company and take on the dominating race cars of Enzo Ferrari at the 24 Hours of Le Mans in France in 1966. Jessica and Dave along with three other young couples are kidnapped in Griffith Park by unseen Abductors and must fight to escape certain death only to discover the world will never be the same. Jack Slade was born during a solar eclipse in the year 1980. 18 years later, he finds out he has the ability to travel into the future. He projects himself into the year 2035, where society has been destroyed by a fascist regiment of psychopathic doctors that rule the wastelands, creating deformed mutants with a serum synthesized from the flesh of dead aliens. Now Slade must travel back to the year 1998 to destroy a device known as the wavelength generator, which opened the dimensional gateways to these alien beings. With the help of an army of female outlaws and a sleazy detective, Slade re-connects with the star child Khadijah, who holds the key to stopping these tragic events from ever taking place. The story of the forbidden relationship between a 'low born' boy and a 'high born' girl in an alternate reality where every person's relationships and life worth are determined by their innate 'frequencies'. A man awakens from his supposed death to discover that he's from a parallel universe. He's fallen in love with his doppelganger's wife here on Earth, which sets off a chain of events that threaten both their lives and mankind. A group of teens discover secret plans of a time machine, and construct one. However, things start to get out of control. When a colossal tectonic shift causes the sea level to start rising, a microbiologist gathers the DNA of as many species as she can, while the military creates an "ark" in a desperate attempt to preserve life on Earth. Orbiting above a planet on the brink of war, scientists test a device to solve an energy crisis and end up face-to-face with a dark alternate reality. In March of 2011, three filmmakers disappeared in the Superstition Mountains of Arizona while documenting their search for the Lost Dutchman mine. Their bodies were never found... but their camera was. Time is ticking for captain Jackson Elis as he interrogates a mysterious man with ties to an unnamed bioterrorist group holding a team of B.S.A.A. operatives hostage. Foxtrot team is sent in to rescue the hostages through the zombie infested Red Falls. Is there any hope for the B.S.A.A. hostages?  Four friends and Graduate students in the physics department of their University discover their clean energy machine actually works as a crude, rudimentary teleportation device. Through experimentation, adjustments and some misuse-use of the device, it is quickly discovered that the machine holds many consequences. Four crew members of a military spacecraft are faced with an unfathomable dilemma after their ship is attacked, leaving them only enough air for two of them to return to base alive. In a fight for survival, each crew member must decide whether they are to accept their fate or betray their friends, as tensions rise and the air slowly leaks from the crippled spacecraft. Nagayakshi is a celestial creature of lust who comes to Earth, mates with virginal men and kills them after she orgasms. Things take a turn when she falls in love with two mortal non-virginal men. In the near future, when communications go offline at a remote nuclear power plant isolated in the desert, a young safety inspector, Abby Dixon, is forced to fly out to bring them back online. Once inside the facility, mysterious clues and strange behaviors cause Abby to have doubts about the sanity, and perhaps identities, of the two employees onsite. An enormous dragon-shaped warship decimates a city with plasma beams and giant robotic arms. Its target is the Mantel Plan, a network unifying the world's energy resources. As the sinister ship heads for its next target a team of specialists rise to the rescue: the Gatchaman. Piloting their ship, the Phoenix, the Gatchaman launch a counterattack. Once inside the enemy ship they come face to face with the Galactor's entire army of assassins. Four scientists live a series of paranormal events. Their only track is a message that would lead them to a place called Ciudad Blanca. With the villagers of Saint-Elie-de-Caxton barely having enough food to survive, Esimesac convinces them to collaborate on a community garden. Each person will multiply his or her yield by cultivating the land together. At the same time, talk of a new railway line promises to connect Saint-Elie-de-Caxton to the rest of the world and brings the hope of abundance. Riopel, the hulking blacksmith, starts working on the railway track and convinces the locals to invest in his project rather than waste their time playing in the garden. Esimesac's big project flounders under the weight of metal. But can he really stop progress? Eight friends throw a goodbye party to welcome the end of the world. TV host Spencer Knights puts his crew in peril by invoking an ancient evil whilst attempting to win the paranormal competition, 'Dark Vision' in the sprawling catacombs beneath a remote gothic tower... A documentary crew follows an elite unit of soldiers in the wake of an alien invasion. Based on the manga series "Yume no Kayoiji" by Yasuyuki Ohno (first published January, 1987 by biweekly seinen manga magazine Young King). When mailman Bridd Takes his sexy date Charlotte home, they find their boss on the floor with a mail opener stuck in his chest. The assailants are also after Bridd and he has to use all his talents to foil an extra-terrestrial complot. The table read of Star Wars VII The Long Island is the place of our self-exile. The Nightmare is our Father. Speaking and Hearing is the Nightmare's gift to all of us. Silence is our gift to him. The Family protects us from Infection and Taxidermists. The soil will be the point of return. Tomorrow is today. Today is the 13th day of the Blue Year 37. In 2039, jails have been turned into online portals where the public gets to choose what prisoners eat, wear, watch and who they fight. So successful is Panopticon TV, it is about to be rolled out to a whole town, providing subscribers even more choice. The interwoven stories of three couples which are forced to make life-altering decisions in the face of a disastrous war. Inspired and sometimes blinded by their love, Len, Mia, Andy, Esther, Anna and Erik are as flawed and beautiful as any of the billions who are facing this human-made biological disaster.  In a world where clone soldiers from three military tribes are locked in a perpetual battle of air, land and technology, one clone is separated from the battle and finds herself on the run with a group of unlikely companions. What if the Earth/Mars battle from H.G. Wells' classic novel The War of the Worlds wasn't fiction but actually fact? Like the famous 1938 Orson Welles radio broadcast that caused Americans to believe an actual invasion was in progress, the movie assumes an Earth/Mars War in 1900 actually occurred and is presented as the first hand memoir of journalist Bertie Wells, the last living survivor as he struggles to find his wife amidst the destruction of humankind at the hands of terrifying alien invaders. A vacationing family encounters an alien threat in this pulse-pounding thriller based on the real-life Brown Mountain Lights phenomenon in North Carolina. Adventure about industrial espionage. Worlds collide when a team of brilliant scientists are recruited to work with a secretive government run project called the Phoenix Program to develop counter measures for climate based weaponry. Special Agents Bob Smith and Tom Jones hand picked the team after observing their success with building the worlds first space elevator for the Bonner Prize a secret recruitment project purposed to find the worlds best and brightest. A newly formed terrorist group is using climate based weapons to hold the US and its allies hostage. Using extremely low frequency delivery methods the terrorists can cause earthquakes, alter rain patterns, cause droughts, and create deadly storms seeming out of thin air; but the terrorist threat is not the only challenge for the team. A deadly, vindictive mercenary from their past, Jamal Duegro, has launched a revenge operation to reacquire technologies his clients want returned to them and will stop at nothing in order to protect his interests. A suspenseful, genre-bending film with two converging storylines. An aspiring college journalist records events in a diary about the turmoil of a society due to the insertion of a RFID chip mandated by the government. ? Years later in the rubble of a post apocalyptic society filled with decay and violence, the diary finds its way into to the hands of an officer in the New World Army who uncovers the truth about the past and discovers everything he stood for was a lie. But what will he do now? An inexplicable archeological find leads Dr. Peter Kenner to conclude that we are not alone, aliens have visited the Earth in the distant past and have now returned. Struggling to reconcile the evidence with his once held religious views, Peter turns to his uncle, Josh Sanders, a retired scientist and a man of strong Christian faith. Meanwhile, Sarah Pennington seeks protection for her young daughter, Kara, believing the extraterrestrials are bent on abducting the gifted nine-year-old as they did Sarah's husband three years earlier. When the four are brought together by Ethan, a mysterious stranger, Peter and Sarah wrestle with their own beliefs as Josh seeks to convince them of the truth. It becomes clear that Kara has a very special gift-one that can expose the true nature of the extraterrestrials. A newlywed couple disappeared in 1974, their 8mm tapes reveal one of the most horrifying events in Mexican history. Using breakthrough flesh-regeneration technology, a biotech firm creates a set of living dinosaurs. But when the creatures escape their museum exhibit and terrorize Los Angeles, a former firefighter must rescue his teenage daughter from the chaos brought on by the Age of Dinosaurs The GRIMM Corporation has taken control of all planetary activity. Defying their laws one lone R.E.D.D Agent uses her combat skills and high tech weaponry to fight Monsters, battle Grimm Soldiers, and save earth from destruction. When a rare phenomenon gives police officer John Sullivan the chance to speak to his father, 30 years in the past, he takes the opportunity to prevent his dad's tragic death.  After his actions inadvertently give rise to a series of brutal murders he and his father must find a way to fix the consequences of altering time. Is the year 2023. Quito has been walled by Leonardo Ponce, a military dictator that took control of the city in the early 2010's. A group of revolutionaries led by Marcos and Santiago are on the verge of giving a coup d'etat. Just hours before the strike, Santiago steps forward and starts asking tough questions that led everybody to rethink why are they really doing this. Meanwhile at Ponce's palace, he is trying to decipher what is going on at the city wall. There's unusual movement and one of the revolutionaries is captured. Ponce tries to get as much information as he can from him. Confined to just 2 locations, Quito 2023 shows the human side of the revolution, the internal conflicts of their leaders and the hopelessness of a region that cannot be governed. During a wild weekend in Las Vegas, four young friends get into trouble with a loan shark and must skip town in a hurry. But gambling problems may be the least of their worries after they get stranded in the Nevada desert. One of the guys discovers a mysterious metal fragment, then promptly goes missing during the night. When the remaining three catch up with their lost friend, there's something different about him. As his condition worsens, the others realize that something unearthly might be stalking them in the desert. Seven strangers try to survive in the aftermath of a devastating outbreak. They must band together to escape from an isolated Los Angeles that has been hit by a virus that dramatically alters infected humans. A young psychology student is drawn into the dark and fearful world of a diabolic and mysterious App that starts to terrorize her, distributing compromising photographs, videos and text messages about herself and delves deeper and deeper into her personal life, flawlessly exposing all of her deepest secrets.  Taking place after alien crafts land around the world, an expert linguist is recruited by the military to determine whether they come in peace or are a threat. Identicals is a highly unconventional romantic thriller: an obsessive love story stripped down and re-arranged into the looping logic of a nightmare. A special operations unit races to find and prevent the construction of a devastating micro nuclear device created by a group of radical mercenaries whose political beliefs blur the line between terrorist and revolutionary. John Larroquette is the head of a detective agency that is hired to find a missing person, probably kidnapped. They employ the help of a mystic/psychic to help find the missing girl. A corrupt planetary federation...  The ultimate weapon of destruction....  One starship captain stands between them....and intergalactic armageddon.  STARSHIP: RISING - RISE UP OR DIE  In the distant future, an immortal bionic leader, the product of genetic engineering, has ruled over the universe for 200 years. An uprising is being staged by those preserving natural birth. Control is the biography of Joy Division lead singer Ian Curtis, taking his story from schoolboy days of 1973 to his suicide on the eve of the band's first American tour in 1980. Amy and Sophie, two young American foreign aid workers, are hiking through the mysterious Caucasus Mountains. Lost, they stumble upon a place that doesn't exist on any map, and is completely cut off from the rest of the world. No telephones, no roads, just the dark, looming, ominous mountains. In this archaic world one man strikes fear into the hearts of all. The Breeder kidnaps young women stained by sin, fallen angels such as Sophie. Provoked by her naked swim in a lake, he violently abducts Sophie and takes her to his breeding station, a secret former Soviet laboratory. Hacker guy meets girl online in virtual reality. Guy realizes girl is a cop. Girl realizes guy is a girl. All hell breaks loose. A man's attempts to construct the ultimate romantic weekend backfire when his quest for perfection traps his lover in an infinite loop. After a massive sinkhole swallows a nearby town, a school bus filled with students is dropped deep underground. After the crash, the students realize the bus is hanging precariously against the side of the sinkhole, held in place by a broken pipe. Any sudden move could send the bus plummeting into the darkness below. Alone and with all the adults injured, the teens struggle for survival with the story taking on shades of Lord of the Flies. Their only hope is a small-town paramedic, who must overcome a tragic past to rescue the students. An Israeli-Lithuanian scientist is asked by a Russian oligarch to develop software that will match people around the world. In a world where women have become asexual and are no longer giving birth to males, a quiet, unassuming housekeeper named Andrew Myers finds himself at the center of a battle to keep men from going extinct. It has been ten years since The Battle of the Breach and the oceans are still, but restless. Vindicated by the victory at the Breach, the Jaeger program has evolved into the most powerful global defense force in human history. The PPDC now calls upon the best and brightest to rise up and become the next generation of heroes when the Kaiju threat returns. Kaitlyn, an ER nurse who is tending to a young stabbing victim, is accidentally electrocuted by the defibrillator that is used in an effort to save the woman's life. Almost immediately Kaitlyn starts to experience the victim's memories. She turns to family, friends, and the police, but no one takes her seriously. She decides that she must take it upon herself to try to solve the crime - or risk the terrifying visions ending in her own sanity being at stake. Ultimately Kaitlyn teams up with the detective on the case and weaves her way through the victim's past - to discover not only the brutal truth, but also some very unexpected lessons about life, love, sorrow and forgiveness along the way. (official website) Facing certain death, a group of peaceful aliens try to thwart their violent oppressors, in an attempt to preserve their species and humanity. Moments after parachuting from Flight 777, a former Marine and a flight attendant find themselves descending into a world of madness. Panic and chaos plague the streets, cities are on fire, and they're being hunted by a team of mercenaries. After leaving a doctor visit with the worst news, Valerie Dreyfuss and her sister Melissa come to a stop on a lonely stretch of road. Their car is engulfed by a blinding light....12 hours later Valerie wakes to the horror that her sister is gone, nowhere to be found. Deep underwater in the Marianas Trench an accident results in a devastating Tsunami that destroys the Hawaiian Islands as it continues toward the west coast. Panic ensues all up and down the western coast of North and South America. In an attempt to lessen its impact, scientists launch an underwater explosion that inadvertently makes the tsunami more powerful and focused on Los Angeles. Scientists rush to a solution while the military begins planning for the worst. Los Angeles begins emergency evacuation. Lives and loves are lost even as a brash young grad student comes up with a solution: start the mother of all earthquakes to counter the rushing torrent and raise the continental shelf off the coast of the United States. A sewage worker gets trapped inside a septic tank during a water contamination crisis and undergoes a hideous transformation. To escape, he must team up with a docile Giant and confront the murdering madman known as Lord Auch. The President, an intern and two fiber optics specialists find themselves trapped in the Oval Office after discovering the windows and doors have been rigged to explode. What would you do if you were a Robot and didn't even know it? Take a trip down memory lane and relive a classic robot Sci-Fi film straight from the past using your modern technology devices. The last four human beings will have to fight to save the world from the robots! Two college students, one professor and a county Hillbilly face a world taken over by robots. Will they save planet earth from the rise of the robots? Stoner, Lottie, Professor Beowulf and Bubba have to fight against Robot Technology to save humanity! Xabi and Sara break up just before their holiday trip. She leaves the house and Xabi stays alone. At first he doesn't seem to be affected, but soon weird things will start to happen as he feels sick with a strange disease. When he finally understands what is going on he'll have to make a decision that could change his life forever. In a time of starvation, a survivalist lives off a small plot of land hidden deep in forest. When two women seeking food and shelter discover his farm, he finds his existence threatened. Two friends go on the run after committing a robbery together the night before. One of six 2017 Regal Short Film Showdown finalists. Anonymous Set in outer space, on the planet Akoh, The elder Zeav Keela tells his last story to a group of students. Recalling his younger years, Zeav and Alexandra are madly in love and plan to elope. Alex's father Jake is a Professor of Geology working on a mining moon near the edge of the galaxy. Unbeknown to Zeav and Alexandra, he has made a significant discovery and is keeping a dark secret from his daughter. Soon, it all starts to unravel, as members of Jake's team awaken Henton, an Ancient and evil Vampire trapped by a curse for thousands of years. Things spiral out of control when Henton is released and spreads his vampirism throughout the mining Colony. Sadly, Alexandra with her lover, must confront her dying father's dark secrets and meet their own destiny. This is an Epic Tale about betrayal, unrequited love and timeless tragedy. In the middle of a routine patrol, officer Daniel Carter happens upon a blood-soaked figure limping down a deserted stretch of road. He rushes the young man to a nearby rural hospital staffed by a skeleton crew, only to discover that patients and personnel are transforming into something inhuman. As the horror intensifies, Carter leads the other survivors on a hellish voyage into the subterranean depths of the hospital in a desperate bid to end the nightmare before it's too late. In an alternate timeline where the atomic bombs go off in 1962, young Grace enters a whole new sheltered existence. 10 years later, the nuclear bunker she calls home is crumbling around her. Picking up immediately after the events in Resident Evil: Retribution, Alice (Milla Jovovich) is the only survivor of what was meant to be humanity's final stand against the undead. Now, she must return to where the nightmare began - The Hive in Raccoon City, where the Umbrella Corporation is gathering its forces for a final strike against the only remaining survivors of the apocalypse. Following the outbreak of a virus that wipes out the majority of the human population, a young woman documents her family's new life in quarantine and tries to protect her infected sister. A modern day sci-fi about Palmer Marshall, a struggling engineering student that's flailing through his personal life, classes, and career. Palmer is on the cusp of a potentially huge discovery and he devotes every waking moment to the challenging, and often fruitless, pursuit of creating something that might change the world. But Palmer soon learns that the road to success is long and fraught with failure. Despite crippling anxiety and personality disorders, Palmer perseveres and creates the one - the dream machine that he'll be remembered for. Twenty girls grow up in an orphanage called "O Viveiro" ("the nursery", in Portuguese), building their lives one millimeter per day, in the miserable and unhealthy town of Chitima, in Mozambique. After their failed attempt to take over the Federation war fleet, John Worthy and General Gustav are sentenced to death but they are rescued by Worthy s girlfriend, Jolli, who has control of a new Starship, The Deliverance. Meanwhile, The Overseer, Ruler of the Federation, wants to enslave the rebellious worlds with an ancient alien Nano-Virus that turns humans into mindless slaves. Starship Deliverance, Worthy and his team are all that stand in the way of total slavery of the entire human race. Iwan mistakens as his cousin, a princess on the run from assassins from virtual world. Whilst sending the princess back to her world, Iwan and his friends are pulled into the virtual world too. To get back to their own world, they have to select 3 challenges, one of which is football - to them it is Bola Kampung. However, they find to their horror that football in the virtual world is played against giant robots. Film from Patrik Beck An apocalyptic female buddy movie. Two years ago zombies took over the earth. Weimar and Jena are the last places of human civilisation. Vivi and Eva have to fight the undead together, as well as the demons of their past. A young man travels back in time, finding himself entrenched in the Civil War with an army of Frankensteins. In the not too distant future, two young women who live in a remote ancient forest discover the world around them is on the brink of an apocalypse. Informed only by rumor, they fight intruders, disease, loneliness &amp; starvation. An intelligent 15-year-old high school student is unexpectedly transferred to a boarding school where he opens a portal of monsters from another dimension. Action - Cold Dark Mirror follows a young Witch-Hunter, Lydia, who stumbles upon the dark secret of the Unseen World; a shadow world of dreams and nightmares which lies just beyond the mirror's edge. A dark and ancient power, the Time Shadow, seeks entry into the corporeal world, a power some on the Alchemic Council are in league with, and whose existence they seek to keep secret above all else. Together with her Cat Familiar Callista, Lydia must face the Shadow Council, and avenge the death of her mentor, the Maegis Acheron -  Sandra DaCosta, Caleigh Le Grand, Daniel Wyse 100 years in the future, in a tiny town on the Yukon / Alaska border, a battle takes place that changes war forever, by changing minds. The story is set in 2027, one year after the end of the fourth non-nuclear war. New Port City is still reeling from the war's aftermath when it suffers a bombing caused by a self-propelled mine. Then, a military member implicated in arms-dealing bribes is gunned down.  During the investigation, Public Security Section's Daisuke Aramaki encounters Motoko Kusanagi, the cyborg, wizard-level hacker assigned to the military's 501st Secret Unit. Batou, a man with the "eye that does not sleep," suspects that Kusanagi is the one behind the bombing. The Niihama Prefectural Police detective Togusa is pursuing his own dual cases of the shooting death and a prostitute's murder. Motoko herself is being watched by the 501st Secret Unit's head Kurutsu and cyborg agents. When Lou, who has become the "father of the Internet," is shot by an unknown assailant, Jacob and Nick fire up the time machine again to save their friend. Exposing the dark underbelly of modern animal agriculture through drones, hidden & handheld cameras, the feature-length film explores the morality and validity of our dominion over the animal kingdom. The college experience - studying, dating, partying... but when one of their classmates disintegrates right before their eyes, Ari, Becca, Izzy, Greta and Arun must battle security, the Griefers and each other to uncover the incredible truth about themselves and this other-worldly campus before they are all eliminated. Shortly after a chemical weapon explosion in the Nevada desert, two scientists find themselves confronting a sinister cover up, and a band of hostile survivors who are looking to escape the quarantined area known as Territory 8. In a remote part of rural, post-apocalyptic England, now occupied by unseen alien invaders, a feisty teenage girl sets out on a desperate attempt to fight back a group of bandits and defend her parents' farm, their remaining livestock, and the solar panels that keep them safe from extraterrestrials. If she doesn't succeed, she will lose her only source of food and shelter; if she resists, she and her helpless blind sibling will be killed. When Earth is attacked by a hostile alien force, a small town firefighter and a rogue SETI scientist team up to activate the only technology capable of defeating the invaders. From the makers of The Last Exorcism comes a boldly original vision of horror. What if the most chilling novel of all time was actually based on a true account of a horrific experiment gone awry? When he is suspended from his university job for his outlandish ideas, Professor John Venkenheim leads a documentary film crew to the rim of the Arctic Circle in a desperate effort to vindicate his academic reputation. His theory: Mary Shelley's ghastly story, "Frankenstein," is, in fact, a work of non-fiction disguised as fantasy. In the vast, frozen wilderness, Venkenheim and his team search for the legendary monster, a creature mired in mystery and drenched in blood. What they find is an unspeakable truth more terrifying than any fiction...a nightmare from which there is no waking. A father and son go on the run after the dad learns his child possesses special powers. American Senator delivers a speech to the Russian Parliament warning that corruption would turn them into rats. His prediction becomes reality. In a post-apocalyptic landscape, an ex-soldier wanders in search of his lost home and family. Along the way, he joins a makeshift group of survivors who convince him to lead them through the wasteland. But when a band of pillaging raiders comes after them, they must fight to survive in this cruel dystopia. Two strangers feel a supernatural connection after being involved in the same accident. Beginner DJ Shreds and world-renowned cellist Vladimir Chizhov meet on a noisy street in Moscow barefoot man. Clicking on the strange machine, the characters are moved to the desert planet Plyuk. A remake of the beloved animated film "Kin-dza-dza!" No less fascinating and funny than the original, the adventures of the Shred and Uncle Vova. In this world of sand inhabitants are divided into two categories - patsaks and chatlan, a simple match has incredible value, and the people are met and escorted by the color of his pants. LFO is a dark comedy/drama/Sci-Fi about a man who realizes that he can hypnotise with sound. He starts experimenting on his neighbors, where the abuse of power takes over and, eventually, severe consequences for mankind are at stake. The USS Enterprise crew explores the furthest reaches of uncharted space, where they encounter a mysterious new enemy who puts them and everything the Federation stands for to the test. Nils lives with his parents in the south of Sweden. He is a naughty boy and teases like the animals on the farm. They should not have him and be happy if he is bewitched one day with his hamster Crumb for punishment by a gnome. A chronicle of Gertrude Bell's life, a traveler, writer, archaeologist, explorer, cartographer, and political attache for the British Empire at the dawn of the twentieth century. Set in a near future, technology-reliant society that pits man against killing machines. Against this backdrop an elite army unit is helicoptered to a remote, off-the-grid island training facility. What starts out as a simple training exercise for Captain Bukes and his tight-knit unit, descends into a terrifying battle to the death, as the marines discover the island is overrun by an enemy that transcends the human concept of evil. Space Pirate Captain Harlock and his fearless crew face off against the space invaders who seek to conquer the planet Earth. An animator dissects his own body, extracting memories, emotions and fears that will nurture his work. As he cuts into his skin, various symbolic objects recalling his past emerge. Reaching the heart, he succeeds in identifying the burden he's been dying to cast off. Three friends discover a mysterious machine that takes pictures 24 hours into the future and conspire to use it for personal gain, until disturbing and dangerous images begin to develop. There Will Be Some Who Will Not Fear Even That Void is an ecological film for the 21st century - a film about the future of our planet that turns the traditional environmental documentary on its head. Rather than looking at our influence on the environment, ...Even That Void examines the environment's influence on us - emotionally, psychologically and ethically. The film suggests that the limits to exploring and dominating nature are no longer technological, but moral. We now have the technology to 'conquer' virtually any part of the planet if we want to - the question is no longer 'can we' but 'should we'? Reincarnation goes horribly wrong releasing dark forces across time. Basia accesses parts of her mind that should never be tampered with. Past lives merge with present as her reality becomes distorted, she fights for her very existence. Some 220 miles above Earth lies the International Space Station, a one-of-a-kind outer space laboratory that 16 nations came together to build. Get a behind-the-scenes look at the making of this extraordinary structure in this spectacular IMAX film. Viewers will blast off from Florida's Kennedy Space Center and the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Russia for this incredible journey -- IMAX's first-ever space film. Tom Cruise narrates. Captain William Stanaforth is on a one-way solo mission to take the first steps in colonising Mars. Like all pioneers throughout history, Stanaforth will face insurmountable odds and life and death decisions as he rockets bravely through space. The evil T.H.E.Y. organization is out to stop ex T.H.E.M. agent, Sandra West. Can Superseven thwart Their, (T.H.E.Y.'s) master plan? John Henry returns to his hometown in hopes of repairing his relationship with his estranged father, but a local gang is terrorizing the town. John Henry is the only one who can stop them, however he has abandoned both his gun and reputation as a fearless quick-draw killer. An unlikely friendship unfolds between a young deaf boy, Wesley, and a fugitive criminal who takes refuge in an abandoned barn on the family's rural North Dakota farm. TYFTB (thank you from the bottom) is an experimental sci fi movie about The Woman, who believes the Universe is collapsing. She tries to find a black hole to escape into, which lands her in a mental hospital. Eventually, she winds up in a therapy group; her bizarre protestations make the other patients in the group extremely uncomfortable. In their dilapidated church headquarters, a dispirited cult awaits the sign to off themselves. Their hapless leader, Dave, concocts a plan: to quell infighting and give them purpose in life, he fakes a prophecy instructing them to make a movie and share their story with the world. They don't know the first thing about film production, but in making the movie the cult members find a uniting purpose. Then, just as they hit their stride, Dave receives a true prophecy. It's time for them to "exit." While investigating the kidnapping and murder of a little girl, a detective spots a piece of graffiti that depicts the crime scene perfectly--but the graffiti was drawn a month before the crime took place, and that the artist knows more than he is telling. Miles Monroe, a clarinet-playing health food store proprietor, is revived out of cryostasis 200 years into a future world in order to help rebels fight an oppressive government regime. A young physics student must find a way to reverse a deadly quantum time anomaly and solve the murder of her boyfriend while battling short-term memory loss and time slips caused by the event. A boy must fight his way from an alternate reality, back to his own, to save his suicidal 5-year old brother; when 3 billion people are reported missing. A black hole hits North Wisconsin and opens a door to other dimensions. Giant 15 meter spiders emerge from it, who have an appetite for human flesh! Dr. Jenny Langer and Dr. Vance from the NASA try to save the world. Nova Zembla tells the gripping true story of the legendary failed mission of the late sixteenth century Dutch flotilla trying to find a trading route to Asia across the North Pole. The ship crew, who got stuck in the ice of Nova Zembla and had to survive the dark coldness of winter in the most gruesome of circumstances. An incredibly powerful story of determination, hardship and a triumph of the human spirit. The sixteenth century Dutch ship crew is leaving the port of Amsterdam and sailing to the northern arctic, where they get stuck in the ice. Two ships take part at the mission and captain De Rijp decides to return while he still can, while the other ship helmed by Willem Barentsz, stubbornly proceeds. As World War Two rages on, the allies are about to push the Nazis out of North Africa. That's when the Nazis turn up the heat, unleashing their secret Weapon: DRAGONS!!! The allies quickly lose ground to the ancient monster, and are close to complete annihilation when the Allies put together a group of special fighter-pilots, specially trained to fight a beast everyone thought was a myth. Greed, revenge, world dominance and high-tech terrorism - it's all in a day's work for Bond, who's on a mission to protect a beautiful oil heiress from a notorious terrorist. In a race against time that culminates in a dramatic submarine showdown, Bond works to defuse the international power struggle that has the world's oil supply hanging in the balance. A spaghetti western in science fiction clothing. Competing female bounty hunters track down the ultimate treasure on a planet wracked with turmoil. A drug named psylenol has hit the streets, stolen from a secret military program and reconditioned to be an over-the-counter psychedelic. When the general populace starts developing telekinetic powers, the corrupt government of Zita declares martial law. When the film starts, a confiscated shipment of the drug has been stolen. Now the race is on to obtain the last supply of the most powerful drug in the universe! As the Sun burns out, an American family gathers at the end of the world, their hopes for rescue slowly crumbling as they also confront long lasting divides amongst each other. A time travel experiment that was supposed to produce a window into time turns out to be a portal instead. One of the experimenters steps through into a not-too-distant-future world that has been destroyed by nuclear war. Some of the others follow, but then the portal phases out and they can't get back. Things just get worse after that. They run across a rocket that has landed to escape pursuing enemies, bearing scientists who survived the war, and many android "slaves." The time travellers are invited to escape when the ship is again ready to blast off - but just before that happens, the scientits' enemy returns and fires on the sitting-duck ship. A very bad day for the scientists turns terminal at that point, and the 20th-century Earthlings barely escape with their skins. Kim Getty is an immigrant from 400 years in the future, sent back to modern day Brooklyn to live out an easier life. She's built a new identity in this time that nearly satisfies: she has a full time job, shares an apartment with a roommate, and is falling in love. But when she finds two other people from the future--a 15-year-old girl and Kim's own long-lost husband--Kim must fight to keep the life she once had from destroying the life she built here. Doctors are baffled when an expectant mother wakes to find her nearly-to-term pregnancy apparently disappear overnight. Police investigate the situation as a missing child, and only her husband and brother trust her version of events. Five years after an ominous unseen presence drives most of society to suicide, a survivor and her two children make a desperate bid to reach safety. While trying to survive the worst drought in history, a family of farmers force their youngest brother down a path of destruction; betrayed and left for dead in an unfamiliar land, he must survive, endure and seek the revenge he deserves. An addicted memory dealer is chased relentlessly by federal narcotics agents bent on keeping the secrets he has locked in his mind hidden. A prime-time network news magazine show premieres controversial leaked footage from a highly-classified U.S. government program named Nocturne Six that recruits citizens with extrasensory abilities. Forced into the program by unscrupulous means, these gifted, yet apprehensive citizens, known as "guardians", are sent to parallel planes of Earth in order to thwart imminent attacks by dangerous supernatural entities. A live investigation by the news show at the abandoned site of the Nocturne Six program quickly devolves and exposes the unearthly evils that the guardians faced in their treacherous missions. A guardian angel escorts a dead teenager to her eternal reward and launches a revenge attack on the rival teen who caused her death. Six young computer hackers sent to work on a derelict space freighter, are forced to match wits with a vengeful artificial intelligence that would kill to be human. True story of the lifelong romance between novelist Iris Murdoch and her husband John Bayley, from their student days through her battle with Alzheimer's disease. A geneticist creates a website that pairs an individual with their ideal genetic partner for children. In 1976, four hijackers take over an Air France airplane en route from Tel Aviv to Paris and force it to land in Entebbe, Uganda. With 248 passengers on board, one of the most daring rescue missions ever is set in motion. Five university friends gather at a house party to ring in the New Year. Unbeknownst to them, an epidemic has erupted outside, causing outbreaks around the world. With nowhere else to turn, they barricade themselves indoors with only their phones, laptops, and other tech devices. They use their devices to research the possible cause of this outbreak. Information and video footage over flow their computers as they descend further into the cause and the ensuing chaos. As the virus spreads, the mood in the house changes from fear to paranoia. Who is safe? Who can they trust? Reality becomes blurred as they slowly discover the source of the virus causing the sickness...and there is no going back. A female humanoid alien lands on Earth to learn about the human species by having sex as much as possible within a 24-hour period. A re-edit of "Serena the Sexplorer". Set in the near future, public service privatization and increased mass unemployment figures have spurred years of strikes, riots, and widespread disruption. In response, government restrictions on Internet and social media sites have been implemented. Anthony, who has interrupted his studies at university to look after his younger sister Sam after the disappearance of their parents, lands a job working in a records room and begins to discover the untold story behind his parents' disappearance. Danielle Noble (played by Carla Ortiz) and her team of expert cave divers led by an ambitious american archaeologist (Steve Wilcox), undertake an expedition in search of the lost Mayan Library, without imagining they will instead find the hidden gates of hell known as Xib'alb'a. U.S. Marshall John Kruger erases the identities of people enrolled in the Witness Protection Program. His current assignment is to protect Lee Cullen, who's uncovered evidence that the weapons manufacturer she works for has been selling to terrorist groups. When Kruger discovers that there's a corrupt agent within the program, he must guard his own life while trying to protect Lee's. Around 200 years ago, a meteorite fell in a village in the Tohoku region. There was no immediate damage after the impact, but after some time, the villagers living in the vicinity experienced genetic mutations and a few gained "special powers". An ordinary office worker, Hiroyuki Sano, suddenly exhibits these powers one day An insane Swedish farmer escapes from an asylum to get revenge on his sister, her husband and others. From a torturous cell in Africa, Abel Powell is released and given the chance to regroup his team of skilled mercenaries for one last job. A top scientist will guide them half a mile underground through an ex-Soviet bunker to extract the vital specimens and information being paid for by a mysterious backer, but what they seek should never have been found! Approaching collapse, the nation's economy is quickly eroding. As crime and fear take over the countryside, the government continues to exert its brutal force against the nation's most productive who are mysteriously vanishing - leaving behind a wake of despair. One man has the answer. One woman stands in his way. Some will stop at nothing to control him. Others will stop at nothing to save him. He swore by his life. They swore to find him. The dead of night, a hospital's surveillance video captures a morgue bizarre corpse theft, those stealing the bodies turned out to be a group of grim, red-eye zombies. Security report the incident to the police but the senior detective dispatched could not find the slightest clue. ...... Subsequently a beautiful woman is Kidnapped from the hospital to find herself imprisoned in a terrorist laboratory, without a soul to help her she must fight to survive, and escape becoming a zombie herself...... The lethal Reaper virus spreads throughout Britain--infecting millions and killing hundreds of thousands. Authorities brutally and successfully quarantine the country but, three decades later, the virus resurfaces in a major city. An elite group of specialists is urgently dispatched into the still-quarantined country to retrieve a cure by any means necessary. Shut off from the rest of the world, the unit must battle through a landscape that has become a waking nightmare. The story of how the classic album "Paranoid" was made, with stories from band members to those who were influenced by its content, form and vitality.  Paranoid is the second studio album by English rock band Black Sabbath. Released in September 1970, it was the band's only LP to top the UK Albums Chart until the release of 13 in 2013. Paranoid contains several of the band's signature songs, including "Iron Man", "War Pigs" and the title track, which was the band's only Top 20 hit, reaching number 4 in the UK charts. It is often regarded as one of the most quintessential and influential albums in heavy metal history. The story of a reality T.V. crew of paranormal researchers who journey to Colorado's San Luis Valley in order to investigate the unexplained phenomena of cattle mutilations. Over the course of their three day investigation they find much more than they ever could have bargained for. No overview found. A sensitive guy finds out he's... a robot. Frikke, a 14-year-old boy, discovers a sinister computer game that uses real children from his neighbourhood as players. In a race against time Frikke must find the evil creator of this horrible game. After giving birth to Bhagwan Shri Kartiyeke, Devi Maa Parvati forms a child-human image from clay, adopts him, and asks him to guard the house and not let anyone in while she bathes. The child refuses to let anyone in, including Bhagwan Shivji himself, who beheads him. When a tearful Parvatiji pleads, Shivji brings the child back to life with the head of an elephant, and names him Gajanand, and assures him that no one will make fun of him. In Stockholm, Sweden, hacker Lisbeth Salander is hired by Frans Balder, a computer engineer, to retrieve a program that he believes it is too dangerous to exist. Paris 2020, a high tech surgeon and her daughter are involved in a horrific car accident, the surgeon saves her daughter's life at the cost of manipulating her dreams and memories. A group of stoners save the world from sock stealing aliens. After a programmer working on a top secret surveillance program snaps in a murderous rage, a notorious code wizard with problems of his own moves into the startup offices to figure out what went wrong and deliver the final product. But the deeper he delves into the code, the more the code takes on a malevolent life of its own. Hot Bot is the hilarious journey of two sexually repressed and unpopular teenage geeks who accidentally discover a life-like super-model sex bot (Bardot). On a camping trip, Matthew's girlfriend Rachel was abducted by a UFO. A year later Rachel returns to the very spot from which she was taken but the creature she has become has Matthew fearing for his life. A US intelligence officer, stationed in Germany, is caught in a political dilemma when the Russians kidnap a young Army private, the son of prominent American businessman. In exchange for the soldier's return, the Russians attempt to barter a trade for an elderly German couple who they want for treason. The iconic creatures from two of the scariest film franchises in movie history wage their most brutal battle ever--in our own backyard. The small town of Gunnison, Colorado becomes a war zone between two of the deadliest extra-terrestrial life forms--the Alien and the Predator. When a Predator scout ship crash-lands in the hills outside the town, Alien Facehuggers and a hybrid Alien/Predator are released and begin to terrorize the town. After yet another defeat inflicted by G.I. Joe, the immediate subordinates of Cobra's leader, Cobra Commander, have finally come to the end of their patience with his apparent incompetence and his inability to achieve real victories. The leader of the research and interrogations wing, Dr. Mindbender, receives a dream showing the solution. His plan is to collect the genetic material of great warriors and military leaders to create a composite clone that would be the perfect leader for Cobra. Now they set out to put this scheme into motion, and G.I. Joe has very little time to learn of this plot before Cobra becomes that much more a dire threat to the world. A Native American grandmother who lives very simply alone in the desert actually inhabits a world that her half-Hispanic grandson and a white aging magician are surprised to rediscover. On the night of an astronomical anomaly, eight friends at a dinner party experience a troubling chain of reality bending events. A woman, accidentally caught in a dark deal, turns the tables on her captors and transforms into a merciless warrior evolved beyond human logic. In  2010 "Skinwalker Ranch" gained media attention after experiencing a wide range of unexplained phenomena. Reports ranged from UFO sightings to livestock mutilation, but maybe most notable was the disappearance of ranch owner Hoyt Miller's eight-year-old son Cody on November 11, 2010. Close to a year later, Modern Defense Enterprises has sent a team of experts to document and investigate the mysterious occurrences, which only escalate upon their arrival. Tensions rise as the team must decide how far they will go to unlock the mysteries of "Skinwalker Ranch." The group debates whether the answers are worth risking their lives for, or if they should just call off the investigation and leave the ranch--that is, if leaving is actually an option... Upon the death of his great grandfather, Brandon Davis a wedding photographer inherits an antique camera famous for taking Victorian death photography. After photographing his subjects they start to die from horrible, bizarre deaths. When a deranged killer's modus operandi is repeated, Inspector John Kelly, a young detective, fears that the killer has returned. Forced to bring in the retired Lincoln Frost for assistance, the two discover that the killer is but a wisp of the original, a copy cat that seems apprehensive in his actions. What drives the new killer and why Frost feels compelled to close the case once and for all drives the two detectives to find within themselves the focus needed to bring both killing sprees to a close. The path they follow will change them forever. It's one twist and turn after another that leads to a confrontation and a truth about the killer that you will never see coming. I Origins follows a molecular biologist studying the evolution of the human eye.  He finds his work permeating his life after a brief encounter with an exotic young woman who slips away from him.  As his research continues years later with his lab partner, they make a stunning scientific discovery that has far reaching implications and complicates both his scientific and and spiritual beliefs.  Traveling half way around the world, he risks everything he has ever known to validate his theory. On a peaceful October day a college team and their coaches depart on a three day journey to a national championship. From the start strange things happen on their creaky, rented bus. Just after midnight on the third day, they hit something on the road. For the next six hours in the dead of night thirteen people face their ultimate terror. Trapped and isolated they must recruit all their strength and courage and find every available resource to destroy these mysterious predators. What do they want? Who do they want? It's a fight for survival In the Still of the Night. Four stories about Finnish life intersect. In the first story, the ex- bassist Tom makes a mistake. He calls the old band mate, drum artist Monkki Mahonen renovation of this property to the wife 's summer home. The story starts to get "kauhuelokuvamaisia  " features the Monkki and the lady of the house Stina on a collision course. The following story wannabee - motorcycle gang and its leader Jouni humiliated in the village shop. Jouni decides to avenge the humiliation robbing trade. He is a tough movie freak and draws its revenge plan inspired by the famous action movies. In the third story of the journey of the yellow press, the early days of the sixties to mid. During the film has become known for bad behavior Helsinki fantasy and sci-fi director Kurt von "Kurre" Riikonen, which rises at the center of the fourth story. Beatrice Prior must confront her inner demons and continue her fight against a powerful alliance which threatens to tear her society apart. Three college students on a road trip across the Southwest experience a detour - the tracking of a computer genius who has already hacked into MIT and exposed security faults. When the trio find themselves drawn to an eerily isolated area, suddenly everything goes dark. When one of the students regains consciousness, he finds himself in a waking nightmare. Anger rages in Philip as he awaits the publication of his second novel. He feels pushed out of his adopted home city by the constant crowds and noise, a deteriorating relationship with his photographer girlfriend Ashley, and his own indifference to promoting the novel. When Philip's idol Ike Zimmerman offers his isolated summer home as a refuge, he finally gets the peace and quiet to focus on his favorite subject: himself. During the course of one day, a group of students at a school in Los Angeles find themselves caught up in a plot of sex, lies and dead bodies. The Bridge is the controversial documentary that shows people jumping to their death from the Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco. Director Eric Steel staked out for a year under the infamous bridge filming 23 suicides. The footage was then compiled along with interviews from family, friends, witnesses, and survivors to create this disturbing yet very intriguing documentary. Medical researcher Frank, his fiancee Zoe and their team have achieved the impossible: they have found a way to revive the dead. After a successful, but unsanctioned, experiment on a lifeless animal, they are ready to make their work public. However, when their dean learns what they've done, he shuts them down. Zoe is killed during an attempt to recreate the experiment, leading Frank to test the process on her. Zoe is revived -- but something evil is within her. In 2065, the crew of the Pegasus are searching for a new home for humanity. As they approach their potential new world, the discovery of another ship could be the key to their salvation, or doom them and the rest of humanity to extinction. When the Universe decides what it wants, it's pointless to resist. With his family's life at stake, Joseph Steadman finds himself the unwilling test subject of a maniacal scientist in a battle that could save the world - or destroy it. When the government puts all its rotten criminal eggs in one airborne basket, it's asking for trouble. Before you can say, "Pass the barf bag," the crooks control the plane, led by creepy Cyrus "The Virus" Grissom. Watching his every move is the just-released Cameron Poe, who'd rather reunite with his family. To push the crime rate below one percent for the rest of the year, the New Founding Fathers of America test a sociological theory that vents aggression for one night in one isolated community. But when the violence of oppressors meets the rage of the others, the contagion will explode from the trial-city borders and spread across the nation. When the dysfunctional government, the Confederate Alliance, decides to create a documentary of the flagship Nobility, political turmoil results as it becomes apparent that the crew of the Nobility aren't the heroes they were looking for - but they may be the ones humanity needs. A renegade federal agent confiscates a deadly chemical warfare virus and attempts to make it to a safe house where a scientist vows to destroy it. In the meantime, black ops agents are dispatched to hunt down the agent and retrieve the governments investment at all costs. An astrophysicist professor - who firmly believes that higher dimensions exist - discovers an alien civilization in the Galaxy. He sends messages to the aliens and surprisingly they answer him instantly. He has only one explanation: they are in the 5th dimension - they exist OUTSIDE OF TIME, exactly as he described in his theory. The news spreads in seconds and more intelligent services are after him to erase - or possess - his dangerous discovery. With two of his helpers the professor flees across the Vancouver Island rain forests to reach Vancouver where publicity can protect him and his discovery. But something unusual happens... "Expendables" meets the "A-Team" in this full throttle action film, where a group of skilled mercenaries find themselves betrayed by the US government and are forced to fight their way out of an ambush by a new, and lethal team of human droids. The last surviving veterans of the worst battle of a zombie war recount their horrific memories to an author who is writing a book about their experiences. A group of Bangladeshi scientists discover an ideal planet for human settlement. A small town policeman must investigate a suspicious hunting accident. The investigation and other events result in him slowly disintegrating mentally. A young widow moves into an old house on Lake Erie to recover from the sudden loss of her husband; however, she soon discovers a dark secret and that she is not alone. Bix the Bug is a DJ who comes into possession of a Teslascope -- Nikola Tesla's legendary invention, which he claims was capable of receiving signals from Extra Terrestrial worlds. Imagine making a feature length film with a budget equal to the cost of a small motorcycle. With a cast and crew of 32 (plus extras) this 86 minute film was shot in 14 days at 12 unique locations within south-east Texas. This is First Step Cinematics LLC's abridged 86 minute version of Frankenstein's Monster. The art-house special edition was screened exclusively at over 30 film festivals, science fiction and steampunk conventions across the U.S.A., Canada, and the UK. Frankenstein's Monster Synopsis: Drama, 86 minutes. A steampunk film adaptation of Mary Shelley's literary masterpiece. In his obsession over Prometheus' flame, Victor Frankenstein abandons those he loves to create a living being. Leaving behind his abominable work, Victor hopes to escape judgment and return to a peaceful life. He soon discovers all secrets have their price. This stop-motion animation film humorously portrays the action, fun and drama of the 10 plagues that overcame Egypt and set Israel free. Dr. Steven Greer--an Emergency room doctor turned UFO researcher--discloses top secret information about classified energy and propulsion techniques, investigates new technology and sheds light on criminal and murderous suppression. He does so by accumulating over 100 Government, military and Intelligence-community witnesses who testify on record about the cover-up. Three guys decide to rob a bank but everything goes terribly wrong. One of them owns a time machine and they try robbing the bank again but fail to do so. With the time machine they start traveling to the past trying to do it right. In the journey they encounter the butterfly effect and need to get everything back to how it was. Five friends set out to a cabin in the woods for a fun weekend getaway that is, until extraterrestrial visitors turn it into a fight for their lives. The group is pulled from their reverie when a flickering object crashes deep in the woods. As they investigate, the friends stumble across an alien spacecraft, and its inhabitants have not arrived in peace. A former soldier is taken captive and awakens in the back of a van where he learns that he only has less than 10 minutes to figure out how he got there. Sol, a bold fugitive lost in a dangerous post-apocalyptic desert world, searches for a missing woman named Catherine and her illusive captor, the Nomad King. With enemies at every turn, Sol's only chance of finding Catherine is with the help of a rogue and mysterious wanderer, Cleo. In 17th-century England, Charles II, the rightful heir to the kingdom, is driven from his country by militants working for rogue leader Oliver Cromwell. Charles ends up in the Netherlands, where he falls for local beauty Katie and spends his days happily in the quiet countryside. Unfortunately, Cromwell's associate Col. Ingram and his men track Charles down, and the would-be monarch must resort to swashbuckling his way to freedom. One night per year, the government sanctions a 12-hour period in which citizens can commit any crime they wish -- including murder -- without fear of punishment or imprisonment. Leo, a sergeant who lost his son, plans a vigilante mission of revenge during the mayhem. However, instead of a death-dealing avenger, he becomes the unexpected protector of four innocent strangers who desperately need his help if they are to survive the night. Fearing the actions of a god-like Super Hero left unchecked, Gotham City's own formidable, forceful vigilante takes on Metropolis's most revered, modern-day savior, while the world wrestles with what sort of hero it really needs. And with Batman and Superman at war with one another, a new threat quickly arises, putting mankind in greater danger than it's ever known before. The sequel to Jennifer Blanc's cult hit 2013 film "The Night Visitor". Directed by that film's star Brianne Davis, The Night Visitor 2:HEATHER'S STORY runs parallel to the original Night Visitor, telling the story of Heather, a special young girl, who must protect her family and the planet from the same other-earthly being. The sequel delves deeper into the mysteries that plagued the Stevens family and their son Ricky with the help of psychic and medium Daniel. A workman gets some unexpected help from two people of vastly different sizes. Spark, a teenage monkey and his friends, Chunk and Vix, are on a mission to regain Planet Bana - a kingdom overtaken by the evil overlord Zhong. After the sheriff of the small town of Boggy Creek receives reports of attacks from a vicious beast bearing resemblance to the legendary Sasquatch, he enlists the help of an expert survivalist (The Outsider's C. Thomas Howell) and sets out to hunt down the creature. However, as they wander into the wilderness they discover that an entire tribe of Sasquatches awaits them. Now the enraged creatures descend from the hills and into the town to declare war upon its citizens. The last survivor of the dead planet Krypton uses his amazing powers to defend people of his adopted world Earth. Three friends exploring an abandoned facility discover a device that holds information about the future. Upon finding the device, they must learn how to use it while also striving to keep it out of the wrong hands. Year 2122 (20 years after planetary cataclysm). The invention of the machine to control the weather, by the teacher and his disciple Shivata Hiroku, leads to the death of the teacher. Hiroku and his friend Joe must flee the city sealed Kane City, accused of the crime. With the support of a foreign patron, Nagual, Gaia Defenders created a multiracial group of young people from his headquarters under the Teide Corporation will face Kane directed by the tyrant to save the planet. The defiant leader Moses rises up against the Egyptian Pharaoh Ramses, setting 400,000 slaves on a monumental journey of escape from Egypt and its terrifying cycle of deadly plagues. Umbra is a scientist who wants to prove his theory that human beings are ruled by chance and devoid of any purpose, and as a consequence some become evil and cruel. Kye is a prisoner of war caught between two armies that he doesn't believe in. When offered an opportunity for freedom, Kye sets out on one last rescue mission only to become stranded when his ship crash lands. Kye soon realises that the deadliest creature on the desert moon is himself. A narcissistic plastic surgeon, who prefers women of a certain high quality, meets an everyday woman who questions his morals, his methods and his meaning to life. A mysterious, electronically-transmitted bio-virus virus threatens to infect a young couple unless their small town can identify and neutralize the source. The key to their safety may lie in the man exposing his toxic secret. Freed of her responsibilities with the 501 Organization, Motoko Kusanagi must now learn how to take orders from Aramaki. Someone hacks the Logicomas, and Batou enlists the help of former army intelligence officer Ishikawa and former air artillery expert Borma. Kusanagi also seeks to enlist ace sniper Saito and undercover cop Paz into the new Public Security Section 9. New York City. 2016. In the years since Hurricane Sandy, the city has been brought to its knees by a series of 'Frankenstorms.' As hurricane season hits yet again, New York braces itself for the oncoming wave of destruction. Roommates Margot and Daniel attempt to survive this 'new' New York by avoiding it at all costs. But with the advent of three strange deaths in their Brooklyn building, the world they've been hiding from is knocking hard on the back door. They soon discover that the salad days of getting drunk and watching horror movies are behind them, because they have a new roommate, and he's got a real bug up his ass. This is the first film adaptation of the Ultraman Ginga TV series. It was released as a double-bill with Mega Monster Rush: Ultra Frontier - Dino-Tank Hunting. Chronologically it takes place between Episode 6 & 7 of the Ultraman Ginga TV show. A somber paranormal thriller that offers an original, exciting variation of the tale of two men with supernatural abilities, locked in a duel to the death. A battle between a man who can control people with a stare, and the only man he cannot control. When their fate cross, the survival battle begins. The two men with inevitable fate, who will survive? A small group of friends experience relationships which grow and stumble, involving everything from straight, gay, lesbian, and bisexual relationships. The speed with which these relationships last leads to the Goldfish memory effect, the belief that a Goldfish only has a 3 second memory is a metaphor for the transient nature of the characters relationships. Rival gangs fight for pride and ego in a world destroyed by chemical warfare.  Apokalips X" tells the story of human civilization after the Nuclear War in 2047. Men who survived the war live in chaos, lost direction and became violent. Several tribes emerged and would kill each other in order to survive and become the ruler. In a distant galaxy three escaped female convicts crash land on a primitive world inhabited by a race of warlike apes. They fight for survival as the humanoid apes fight for their possession, body and soul. A daring escape is their only way out. Hot on their heels are the blood lusting gorillas and a prison warden bent on their return to the prison ship they escaped from. Treachery, alliances and battle await the fighting factions. Who will survive on a planet where apes rule and humans are only breeding stock. Cutting edge technology spawns an enterprise of unimaginable, greed which manipulates life and death as the ultimate profit-making tools. When a robot dog from the future pops up in their backyard on a mission to help them, 11-year-old James and his beloved golden retriever, Rex, learn that it is up to them to save the world from Dr. Apocalypse, an evil scientist, and his wily robotic Destructo-Cat. A climate of civil war, a fight that has made them lose everything including their youth, four soldiers aged 13 to 20 years, will meet and build friendships. In the grip of an adult conflict, which they do not understand, Mateo, Dominique, Big Max and Kevin will keep recreating, round a pond and a cabin, a family.  A grieving doctor is being contacted by his late wife through his patients near death experiences. In a chaotic dystopian Canada, Caleb Jacobs, a gruff survivalist is faced with tough decisions when he decides to take in a frozen refugee from the south. Henry, a newly resurrected cyborg who must save his wife/creator from the clutches of a psychotic tyrant with telekinetic powers, AKAN, and his army of mercenaries. Fighting alongside Henry is Jimmy, who is Henry's only hope to make it through the day. Hardcore takes place over the course of one day, in Moscow, Russia. When her family goes bankrupt, privileged city girl Jen Stone travels to the country to try and fix up a struggling pumpkin farm that her father bought as an investment to get her money back. Not everyone is on board with her changes, least of all Brett, the farm's handsome manager. By working with what she knows best, she discovers the magic of pumpkin skincare and turns the struggling farm around while also falling in love. Deep in the Northern California woods, in the heart of the notorious Emerald Triangle, lies a remote cabin. The residents struggle to fight off the repeated attacks and abductions by mysterious creatures that have plagued them for years. When a local pot farmer is caught up with a wayward group of campers the situation quickly escalates into total carnage. Maria and Loukas decide at the same time and for no apparent reason to respectively run away from their homes. Each of them has to deal with their personal problems: Maria is stuck in a wealthy marriage with Dimitris while raising their two children. Loukas is unemployed and full of debts. Both of them run away from their personal issues, both of them begin wandering in modern day Athens. They come across a series of controversial events and meet with strange characters. Furthermore, various people seem to be on their track; Maria is followed by two policemen. Loukas is followed by a weird stranger dressed in black, Joseph, who desperately wants something from him. A grief stricken captain embarks on his final mission in command of an ageing cargo ship. The ship's small crew, frustrated and discontent with their lives in deep space try to complete a successful mission, but the ship has ideas of it's own. Soon, an 'accident' onboard forces a diversion to Somnus, a derelict asteroid station in a forgotten sector of the solar system. They soon discover the colony is populated by a mysterious and sinister cult, hell-bent on dark plans for Earth. The crew's hope of sanctuary on Somnus soon turns to peril, as they fight for their own survival against the colonists, and humanity's ultimate fate. Terrifying truths about the end of life on Earth soon force the captain to face up to his personal torment leading to a climatic and exciting conclusion. Criminals and a beautiful but cunning hitchhiker must battle a supernatural force known as the Reaper. An up-and-coming media executive has good reason to question the very facts of his existence in this micro-budget sci-fi chiller from director Jonathan King ( Black Sheep, Under the Mountain) and novelist Chad Taylor. The G1 (Grade One) Climax is a professional wrestling tournament held each August by the New Japan Pro-Wrestling promotion. Though it has sometimes been held as a single-elimination tournament, it is usually (and currently) held as a round-robin, with winners from two blocks wrestling in the final to decide that year's winner. In its current format, the tournament lasts four weeks. The winner of each block is determined by a points system; two points for a victory, one point for a draw, and zero points for a loss. In a near-future city where soaring opulence overshadows economic hardship, Gwen and her daughter, Jules, do all they can to hold on to their joy, despite the instability surfacing in their world. This movie tells the story of a man who goes undercover in a hi-tech prison to find out information to help prosecute those who killed his wife. While there he stumbles onto a plot involving a death-row inmate and his $200 million stash of gold. Popular card game 'Go, Stop' becomes horrific in this thriller, as a group of players in the countryside start to die one-by-one. Yet when a substitute player is brought in, he begins to think that the game itself is the source of the problem. John Rotit is a happy, content man with a loving wife. Hours later, he's a rock star shooting up heroin. And after that...he's something far more sinister. John unwillingly flashes between three parallel lives in which he knowingly exists in each. He has no clue how or why this phenomenon is occurring, only that he wants it to stop. John's judgment becomes clouded as he'll do anything he can to end his flashes and remain in the one life where he's truly happy. The adolescent sons of an expatriated Chinese physicist visit her in the United States, while she and her colleagues pursue the development of a massive particle collider with which to understand the origin of the Universe. A queer Science Fiction, that engages the utopian impulses of the genre, not through the imagining of another world, but through the rendering of this world as Other. All subjects are treated as alien, or as radical others, who search for, or advance different ideological, psychological, or sexual ideals of belonging. Subjects oscillate between the contemplation of past societal traumas and idealizations of futurity that refuse to synthesize or resolve, but instead reveal a troubling satire of the present. A scientist discovers the bodies of three frozen genetically modified Russians buried in the Canadian North. Upon thawing them out he realizes he has unleashed a deadly threat to Western society and must stop them at all costs. Ten humans on planet XT-59 paving the way trough swamp to reach Islands of Happiness. A single mother and her daughter are forced to stop by a black car on the way home. When they regain consciousness, they are in a Karst cave with seven strangers. The game is to find out a killer among the nine. Guy is an experienced British fighter pilot who is in command of Britain's first manned mission to space. He has trained for this for three years at the height of the Cold War and now he is alone in space with a malfunctioning capsule. He has limited contact with the UK, some unusual communication with the US and some unorthodox communication with Roscosmos deep in Soviet Russia. Who will help him? Will he make the right choice? Zombies of the Living Dead (2015) After botching the capture of a notorious serial killer, idiosyncratic detective Michael Burrows loses his job with the San Francisco Police. He becomes an investigator for an insurance company and joins forces with a cynical field agent to probe suspicious and unusual deaths. A young girl and her father are kicked out of their house by a cruel noblewoman, and the girl's heart is broken when her sweetheart, the noblewoman's son, won't go to Paris with them. After becoming an opera star in Paris, the girl returns to her homeland and finds her romance with the nobleman rekindled. A particle physicist grieving over the loss of her husband in a car crash uses a revolutionary machine to bring him back, with dire consequences for her family. After surviving rape, comic-book artist Lisa Roberts is moving from New York City to small town in Arizona. But there's danger in small towns too. Two scientists working in secret with a highly experimental, super-intelligent computer feed it everything ever written that exists in digital form - virtually every book, article and news story. Then they ask it the ultimate question: is there evidence in any of it for God, for a spiritual framework to life. To their astonishment, it arrives at an answer. Headrush is a crime comedy about two disillusioned youths, struggling through a haze of cannabis, who hope to solve all their problems by smuggling a consignement of drugs for a local gangster. It's set in the present day in Dublin, Ireland against the backdrop of the end of the Celtic Tiger: the bursting of the bubble of this economy boom that's supposed to have done wonders for us all. Liferaft Earth opens with a newspaper report from Hayward, California: "Sandwiched between a restaurant and supermarket, 100 anti-population protesters spent their second starving day in a plastic enclosure...The so-called Hunger Show, a week-long starve-in aimed at dramatizing man's future in an overpopulated, underfed world...." This film was made for Stewart Brand, the visionary founder of the international ecological movement and publisher of the bestselling Whole Earth Catalog (1968-85). When a mother returns to her musical roots, she rediscovers the passion of her youth, and finds a way to connect with her troubled youngest son. Based on the story by Robert Louis Stevenson, Dr. Henry Jekyll believes that there are two distinct sides to men - a good and an evil side. He believes that by separating the two, man can become liberated. He succeeds in his experiments with chemicals to accomplish this and transforms into Hyde to commit horrendous crimes. When he discontinues use of the drug, it is already too late. In the Year 2026, women are near extinction due to a deadly virus carried only by men. "Pink Zone" was created to protect, but once outsiders decide to infiltrate everyone is at risk. Miri is trapped in her past and this time her whole past comes crashing back into her life: old dead secrets, her dead parents, and even the walking dead.  Miris return to Manila only brings her back to more trouble the personal kind. Even as a young girl, Miri believed she is responsible for her parents death and the guilt kept her from building healthy relationships with those around her specially with her younger brother Mark.  Miri Alvarez, is one of the best agents of an international group organized to protect scientists and inventors from a tech-grabbing group called The Agency. But Miri is hot headed and refuses to follow orders.  In one rescue operation, Miris refusal to follow protocol gets her long-time partner killed. Miri is suspended and sent back to Manila. I Am Evangeline explores issues of adoption and belonging through the story of a runaway clone. The main character is Evangeline, a clone manufactured for a rich man's pleasure but with a limited life span, and who takes on the hostile city as she searches for the cure to make her fully human. In doing so she is forced to confront issues of identity and kin. Few years ago Sergey from Krasnodar, Russia created a  YouTube channel. He documents his different moods with the small camera, shares his online notes, mainly when he is visiting his country cottage area. Driven by the feelings of shame and hopelessness a man joins to the nearly 100.000 other Japanese who vanish without a trace each year Growing up in the famed farmhouse investigated in the blockbuster hit The Conjuring, Andrea Perron's past has inspired her to write a tell-all book, House of Darkness House Of Light.  Now, with footage and reenactments to support her stories, Perron delves into the haunting tales of her upbringing. For years, we have tried to harness the power of the human mind... and failed. Now, one breakthrough will change everything. Beyond technology. Beyond humanity. Beyond control. David, Ryan, and Jordan hope the telepathy invention will solve all their problems, but the bleeding-edge technology opens a Pandora's box of new dangers, as the team discovers that when they open their minds, there is nowhere to hide their thoughts. A group of college students travel to a small Texas town to research the Legend of Blood Lake, an obscure folktale forged by events surrounding the horrible massacre of a Comanche village. At the height of the Cold War, Russia was working on a secret scientific mission, which, if successful, would have changed the course of history. The mission, "Project 12," was ultimately deemed too dangerous to continue and the scientists involved were to be exterminated. Three scientists escaped and Project 12 was sealed in a well-guarded bunker, never to be seen again...until now.  The lead scientist for Project 12 has now become the target of a worldwide manhunt, as he is the lone survivor of the Project 12 team and is the only man who knows the secrets that have been buried in the bunker. What secret does he possess, and who is financing the operation to bring Project 12 back to life and what is their hidden agenda In a no holds barred documentary, acclaimed journalist Vicky O'Neil sets out on a quest to uncover the truth behind the murder of small town sweetheart Ally Andrews. What she uncovers, leads her down a dark and twisted rabbit hole into the world of superheroes where she gets the chance of a lifetime, an exclusive interview with Charge, the world's Last Superhero. As he chronicles his mysterious origins and bloody career, Vicky begins to wonder, is he still the hero the world remembers, or has he become the villain we all should fear? Set against the background of the 1984 Miner's Strike, 11-year-old Billy Elliot stumbles out of the boxing ring and onto the ballet floor. He faces many trials and triumphs as he strives to conquer his family's set ways, inner conflict, and standing on his toes. The main character is stricken with a horrible disease, but it doesn't affect him. It spreads to every inamimate object that he touches, and then if another person touches the object, they are dissolved into it. No one knows that Jake is the carrier except him. This brings about the "red objects" that specify every object that he has touched, as discovered by the community with cats. They use cats to test inanimate objects for the disease. And they cover themselves in garbage bags to protect themselves. Then they discover that Jake is the carrier and they chase him around... A young rich orphan loses his fiancee to voodoo doll mischief on the part of his housekeeper who is jealous of his attentions. He digs his girlfriend up, cleans her out, stuffs her, and puts her in bed at the mansion. Following this, he tries out and disposes of a series of young maidens, trying to find the right replacement for her, and the disapproving housekeeper helps him with the disposals. A Blanc-Biehn production centered around the idea of a governmentally designed drug created to help correct or strategically alter perceptions gathered during times of trauma or stress. Slated as being a substance that may help solve issues with everything from racial tensions, PTSD and geopolitic battles, first a focused study is needed to see how people respond to treatment and what dosages might be needed. Four couples are chosen to test this drug, and soon find their memories and sanity challenged. Set in the aftermath of an oppressive class war, a pregnant officer aboard an escape pod must struggle to survive with her remaining crew when a mysterious and vicious life form attacks, determined to become the dominant species. A woman writes increasingly passionate love letters without answer. Her passion and frustration are interwoven with a sense of impending doom, a vision of the coming Mexican apocalypse. A single personal tragedy mirrors the struggle of an entire country trying, in the midst of increasing chaos, to find itself. Shot during months on the backroads of Mexico, director Rodrigo Reyes has crafted an idiosyncratic and visceral x-ray of his homeland. Led by Major John Cafferty, a squad of US soldiers are sent on a mission,deep into the mountainous regions of Afghanistan with orders to extract a mysterious top secret package. Now they are back home in a military hospital because they have no memory of what happened to them, or even who they are. In time, they start to recall the strange events that occurred: apparitions that appeared, luring some of them to their deaths and readings of a powerful electromagnetic energy from a strange unearthly power source. But there is no time to dwell on the past, they need to face the bitter truth about how they ended up in Afghanistan to begin with and the betrayals that wiped out their minds and nearly destroyed their lives. In the winter of 2117, a runaway vehicle crashes into the Public Safety Bureau Building. The driver is identified as Izumi Yasaka, a psychological counselor at the Sanctuary, a Latent Criminal Isolation Facility in Aomori Prefecture. But right before her interrogation, Enforcer Mika Shimotsuki and Inspector Nobuchika Ginoza are tasked with promptly escorting Yasaka back to Aomori. What awaits them there is a False Paradise. After an accident, Tom wakes from a coma to discover that fragments of his smart phone have been embedded in his head, and worse, that returning to normal teenage life is impossible because he has developed a strange set of super powers. Following a radioactive accident in outer space, an astronaut is transformed into a sentient blob of meat who devours everything and everyone in its path. Over a two year period, dozens of young people in the small Welsh town of Bridgend have killed themselves. Many of the victims knew each other and the deaths made headlines worldwide. There were allegations of internet suicide cults or a suicide craze. What caused this 'cluster' of deaths? Can suicide be contagious and what role did media coverage play in encouraging more deaths? A well-meaning scientist's attempt to develop a green source of energy unleashes a frankenstein from the sea. In a dystopian world, a bounty hunter sets out to capture a ruthless band of outlaws who have kidnapped an important father and daughter through a world of multiverses. Unbeknownst to the Outlaws and the Bounty Hunter is that another, more powerful man known only as The Finisher has plans of his own. A young scientist's experiment goes awry when he creates a monster from a radioactive isotope and finds that the creature consumes energy to grow in size and terrorize the nearby town. A deep space mining vessel has been adrift for two years. It is suspected the crew brutally killed each other, but the reason for the bloodbath is unknown. A rescue crew is sent to find if there are any survivors, what happened and why. A chief mechanic at a factory, haunted by apocalyptic nightmares, becomes a hero when Earth is invaded by a mysterious army bent on destruction. After a horrific attack on his wife and daughter, Metin's life is turned upside down. Driven to take revenge, Metin soon finds that vengeance is a brutal road. Muse entered the studio to begin recording their sixth studio album in September 2011. Watch them making their album "The 2nd Law" While on a project outing in an abandoned military zone, five college students accidentally release a long kept secret weapon with a nightmarish purpose. In 2013, Hive started planning a sequel, "MGS Philanthropy - Part 2". The project, unfortunately, in October 2014 came to a halt due to licensing issues. A piece of the project survived, though; "The Land Where Truth Was Born", a scene from MGSP2 which was originally conceived as a tool to promote a Indiegogo campaign for funding the completion of the whole movie, is now available as a 12 minutes short film. In a near future, after a global war has destroyed civilization, pirate gangs attack and loot surviving people. Six actors portray six personas of music legend Bob Dylan in scenes depicting various stages of his life, chronicling his rise from unknown folksinger to international icon and revealing how Dylan constantly reinvented himself. 2199 AD. Yamato tried to leave behind the Large Magellanic Cloud galaxy, after receiving a "Cosmo Reverse System" at its destination, Iscandar. However, suddenly, it encounters a mysterious group at the edge of the Large Magellanic Cloud. The crew finds out that the group is called the "Gatlantis," and that its leader is the Gutaba expeditionary force commander who calls himself "Goran Dagaamu of Thunder." The commander demands that Yamato be handed over to him. Yamato, wanting to hurry to Earth, escapes the fray. However, Yamato is attacked by a devastating beam weapon called the "Flame Direct Attack Cannon" that can transcend space. A behind-the-scenes look at Jim Henson's 1986 fantasy film, 'Labyrinth', featuring David Bowie and Jennifer Connelly. Evan Marriott, former underwear model and star of the 2003 Fox "stunt" series Joe Millionaire, transitions to feature film roles with the direct-to-video action opus End of all Things. Marriott plays an actor questioned by the feds about a government-led scheme to obliterate the world. He decides to go one-on-one against the system to topple the plot once and for all. For the past four years, San Francisco cop Jack Cates has been after an unidentified drug kingpin who calls himself the "Ice Man". Jack finds a picture that proves that the Ice Man has put a price on the head of Reggie Hammond, who is scheduled to be released from prison on the next day. A young man and woman recover from separate tragedies. Unseen forces in the universe work to bring them together for a purpose far greater than themselves. "I have a gift for disaster," says John Morlar (Richard Burton). Morlar is cursed with a unique telekinesis power that only seems to cause disaster. In this engrossing Sci-Fi thriller Wes Katzenberg (Keith Vinson) used to be a practicing physician who had everything until one of his medical patents went awry and killed a patient. Now he is living on the streets, claiming he has invented a time machine, all the while being investigated by an unorthodox detective for the disappearance of his wife. Unconvinced by his antics, the detective (Leonard Waldner), who's battling demons of his own, scours the dark underbelly of Los Angeles hoping to prove that Wes is guilty for the murder of his wife, Mia (Laura Aidan). Is Dr. Katzenberg really a crazy time traveler, or is it all a ploy to throw off the detective's relentless pursuit. All is revealed in the end of this mesmerizing story delivered with stunning performances from an outstanding cast Directed by John Martini. 33 years after the infamous Rendlesham Forest UFO incident, three metal detector enthusiasts hunting for Saxon gold in the same region, capture incredible footage of UFO's whilst filming their expedition. As night falls and with their navigation equipment failing, they find themselves facing a terrifying encounter with an unforgiving alien presence. A terrifying psychological thriller set near the beautiful landscape of Glacier National Park, Montana. Two high school friends, Travis and Nate, are on a road trip to Canada when they're attacked by mysterious and vicious creatures. Nate is stolen into the woods and Travis will stop at nothing to get him back. Travis recruits Nate's older brother Chris to bring an arsenal and wage war against these monsters in an effort to retrieve Nate. In neo-noir fashion El Aura narrates in the first person the hallucinating voyage of Espinoza, a quiet, cynical taxidermist, who suffers epilepsy attacks, and is obsessed with committing the perfect crime. The Summit is a 2012 documentary film about the 2008 K2 disaster directed by Nick Ryan. It combines documentary footage with dramatized recreations of the events of the 2008 K2 disaster. On the way to and from the summit, eleven climbers died during a short time span creating one of the worst catastophes in climbing history. Much of the documentary footage was captured by Swedish mountaineer Fredrik Strang. Strang was planning to do a Documentary which was aborted due to the fact that he did not reach the summit. The footage was still valuable to help solving what really did happen since all the climbers had different stories about what happened. The adventure begins when Lucas, a 13 year old boy, embarks on the vacation of a lifetime. When disaster strikes, Lucas finds himself stranded in a strange land littered with ghost ships and prehistoric creatures. While searching for other signs of life, Lucas hears a radio broadcast in the distance and is drawn into the jungle where he encounters a beautiful young girl who claims to have come from the 1950s. Together they set out on a quest to get home all the while uncovering secrets that will forever change the future. The series sees Paul Pennyfeather as an inoffensive divinity student at Oxford University in the 1920s, who is wrongly dismissed for indecent exposure having been made the victim of a prank by The Bollinger Club. Sean and Hank go on their biggest adventure yet, to the moon. Paranormal events affect a couple who have recently moved into their New York City apartment. Nathan's Kingdom is a dark fantasy, coming-of-age drama about Nathan, a 25-year-old autistic man struggling with his teenage prescription-addict sister, and rather than surrendering their lives to social services, they risk it all to find a kingdom that once existed only in their imaginations. Smooth advertising executive David is in a relationship with yoga teacher Juliette. Then his eye is caught by Sophie, the girlfriend of his best friend Wim, a fashion photographer. Things get completely out of hand during a campaign for augmented reality-glasses, for which David designs an avatar of the coveted Sophie. Adhisaya Ulagam ia tamil 3D Movie, it is Scientific and Adventure movie in Steroscope 3D. The Movie Feature Dinosaur for the first time in the history of Indian Cinema. Actor Livingston plays an Important role of the movie.TV Actors Ananda Kannan and Latha Roa plays a Prominent role of the movie.  Shakthi Scott Direct the movie and including Music A horror based psychological thriller set in an altered world where one man's perception of reality becomes distorted as his existence keeps being thrown back in time -- specifically "Monday At 11:01 A.M." John Henry, a down on his luck salesman, is given a chance at success by an alien visitor, trading technology for help in human experimentation. Blinded by his ambition, the salesman open a doorway in which the alien can develop the means to control the human race. It's left to Detective Mike Washburn, who is investigating the missing persons reports, to get to the bottom of the disappearances. The clandestine world of crop circles is threatened when an ambitious TV journalist plans to expose the truth drawing her into the enigma of lights, Celtic mythology and UFOs to discover both the beauty and danger in the mystery she seeks. A happy family returns from a vacation to find their home invaded by a criminal family and must fight for survival. A futuristic love story set in a world where emotions have been eradicated. A mix between stage play, radio play and Japanese monster movie. Maybe the 1960s, maybe the future. Seven astronauts wake up in a spaceship, not knowing where they have come from nor where they are heading. As the ship operates by itself, they have ample time to meditate, rather scientifically, on matter, life and the universe. A young man reluctantly embarks on a journey to his ancestral land of Lesotho to bury his estranged father, and finds himself drawn to the mystical beauty and hardships of the people and the land he had forgotten. Mosquito: A Fistful of Bitcoins Jason Gedrick and Eric Roberts lead the cast of this thriller about a submarine captain who attempts to hold Washington, D.C. hostage for a billion dollars, and the heroic doctor who struggles to thwart the plan before the situation escalates. The story behind Blondie's album Parallel Lines, which sold 16 million copies and captured the spirit of 1970s New York at a time of poverty, crime and an exploding artistic life. When a brilliant but obsessive scientist goes to extremes to develop a universal cure for all disease, he finds himself infected with a bizarre parasite that begins to transform him into a bloodthirsty madman. Time running out, he must find a way to stop the monster that is growing within and prevent the rest of the world from being "cured." Rachel and Anna return home two years after their mother's death, and find the town abandoned with their house left in disgusting disarray. When Rachel begins hallucinating about their dead mother and some ancient artifact, terrifying clues begin falling into place surrounding their family's past. On a storm-ravaged island that has seen its share of tragedy, a person who had been assumed dead reappears and ignites a frenzy of reactions, ranging from ecstatic religious fervor to fear. Told in eight parts, Islands tells the story of Finn, Jake, BMO  and Susan Strong leaving Ooo and traveling across the ocean to solve the mystery of Finn's past. During their trip, they unlock secrets, encounter various creatures, make new friends, and explore a variety of mysterious islands. In the not so distant future, biochemical technology has advanced in unexpected ways. Unfortunately, it has fallen into the hands of the wrong man. A brilliant young biochemist by the name of Jacob, who believes the world is a better place without humanity. Jacob decides to take matters into his own hands by beginning the process to wipe everyone out. Staging biochemical attacks through out the city, the virus is released, infecting millions, from a matter of seconds. The virus is fierce, causing chaos and destruction everywhere. Across the way, just minutes before the attack, a young woman, by the name of Cee is caught in the whirlwind of her sister's wedding. As the wedding begins, the virus hits. Infecting everyone. Cee watches the attack unfold before her eyes, as dozens of loved ones perish. Waiting for the infection to take her, Cee finds herself alone in the early days of an apocalyptic world, surrounded by chaos and war. Fighting to survive as long as she can, she meets a... A young girl sent to live with her father and his new girlfriend discovers creatures in her new home who want to claim her as one of their own. Dan (Mitsu Dan) is a former geisha, now working as an ace pilot for the Earth Defense Troops. Her fiance was killed by the space monster Bemurasu which consumes nuclear waste. To save Planet Earth, Dan attacks Bemurasu, but whenever she does, she feels ecstasy. Can she save Planet Earth? Tov Matheson is a war veteran with PTSD who perceives that the apocalypse is coming. After starting a relationship with a dubious Messiah, he leaves his normal life and begins the construction of a shelter underground, training himself, in an extreme way, at the cost of losing everything and making people believe he is insane. When he also believes it, something extraordinary happens. In the future Saturn's moon of Titan houses a prison where Earth's worst criminals are kept awaiting their return to Earth for trial and execution. One of those criminals, Python Diamond, is being flown back to Earth, escorted by five members of the military police. Upon their return to Earth, they find that a cataclysmic nuclear war has reduced the world to a near-lifeless husk. Searching for survivors and any clue as to the cause of the destruction leads the six to a warehouse bunker housing scientists who constitute Earth's last remaining hope for the future. Unfortunately, their landing spacecraft drew the attention of one of the gangs that roam the ruined countryside in search of food and resources, leading them straight to the carefully hidden and well-provisioned shelter. The gang lays siege to the warehouse, fighting their way inside in a bloody battle that takes lives on both sides. Stan Romanek is the center of the world's most documented extraterrestrial contact story, and the multitude of evidence accumulated over the past decade has convinced thousands around the world that his story is true. This documentary film takes audiences on a journey through Stan's past, present and future with one goal in mind: help the world understand that no one knowingly chooses the challenges Stan and his family have endured. This film's intention is not to prove the existence of UFOs and extraterrestrials, but it does pose the question' What if this is all true? extraordinary: the stan romanek story is about one man's evolution through a life he did not choose and the messages he is driven to deliver to mankind. For 5 billion years the Earth's core has operated like a giant, nuclear reactor. Now it's overheated, melting down like a bomb that's about to explode. The earth is being ripped apart at the seams and beneath LA, pressure is building. After a mass evacuation, Calvin Crawford is one of few left, desperately searching for his fiancee, Ashley Pace, who unbeknownst to him, has been kidnapped and is being held hostage. With LA becoming more unstable by the minute, Calvin, must find a way to save Ashley and get them both to safety before the city is completely annihilated. Ben Wild delves into a new form of insanity that no man has ever experienced before. Through pills, video games and cam girls, will Ben Wild find the key back to insanity. An Ape from Space spreads terror into a small towns camp grounds. The lazy sheriff, and dumb deputy don't know what to do about it. A penniless hermit, a straight-laced telemarketer, and a sinister astronaut road trip their way across the country. In the near future, a weary Logan cares for an ailing Professor X in a hideout on the Mexican border. But Logan's attempts to hide from the world and his legacy are upended when a young mutant arrives, pursued by dark forces. American Ultra is a fast-paced action comedy about Mike, a seemingly hapless and unmotivated stoner whose small-town life with his live-in girlfriend, Phoebe, is suddenly turned upside down.  Unbeknownst to him, Mike is actually a highly trained, lethal sleeper agent. In the blink of an eye, as his secret past comes back to haunt him, Mike is thrust into the middle of a deadly government operation and is forced to summon his inner action-hero in order to survive. The sheriff of a small town in southwest Texas must keep custody of a murderer whose brother, a powerful rancher, is trying to help him escape. After a friend is killed trying to muster support for him, he and his deputies - a disgraced drunk and a cantankerous old cripple - must find a way to hold out against the rancher's hired guns until the marshal arrives. In the meantime, matters are complicated by the presence of a young gunslinger - and a mysterious beauty who just came in on the last stagecoach. The survivor of a deadly virus is given the chance to reclaim his lost life by stopping the man responsible for the disease. A thief wakes up in a room with a couple dead guys, a gun, a briefcase full of money, and a dubious gentleman watching from the shadows. What happens next is 'virtually' criminal. In the year 2019, where the world is under martial law, two rookie cops are tasked to patrol District C-11 where death is just a bullet away. "Asleep" is an experimental documentary , shot in Super 8, about the Capelinhos volcano in the Azorean island of Faial . Psychological drama about a tunnel construction in the alps which becomes radioactive. Ray Ferrier is a divorced dockworker and less-than-perfect father. Soon after his ex-wife and her new husband drop of his teenage son and young daughter for a rare weekend visit, a strange and powerful lightning storm touches down. A search and rescue team are transported through deep space to a distant mining colony to save the sole survivor of a biological outbreak.  During their mission, they find a lethal weapon which is set to arrive on Earth within the hour. Jack Killoran is a lawyer who can 'fix' any situation for his wealthy clients, usually by bribing or blackmailing corrupt officials. Killoran runs afoul of some of his clients when he has a crisis of conscience after miraculously surviving a riding accident. Flytrap mixes sci-fi with dark humor to tell the story of a reserved English Astronomer who becomes ensnared by the mysterious Mary Ann and her creepy and dangerous comrades. Held hostage in a twisted version of suburban San Fernando Valley, the Astronomer slowly uncovers the reason for his capture and the miserable fate that awaits him-and humanity-unless he acts. After experiencing troubled dreams, a man talks with his friend in the park. Set in the mid-80s, when a reporter is sent to cover the Challenger Space Shuttle launch only to become mixed up in the lives of some local students. Archival montage, science fiction, and an homage to '70s feminist filmmaking are woven together to form The Motherhood Archives, a lyrical essay film excavating hidden histories of childbirth in the twentieth century. Every day, they steal your strength, your emotions, your love. We call them the Shadow. Work like us - to deliver them back to the Dark World. Impending disaster, and humanity can be at the mercy of darkness ... And only we can keep the balance A prequel to the first animated/live-action Casper feature, Casper: A Spirited Beginning introduces the friendliest ghost you'll ever know and explains how Casper met and befriended the other ghouls at Applegate Manor. After being stranded, Casper meets young Chris Carson, a lonely kid who decides to teach Casper how to be a proper ghost Hannah and her son Leon flee from a war that has isolated their country. Trying to cross the border, they enter No Man's Land, a refugee camp that provides them with a bed and food, but will subject them to a severely oppressive system forcing them to compete to be able to stay at the camp. Claus, an old acquaintance, claims to know a secret about Hannah and Leon that, if brought to light, would endanger their lives. Agent Coulson informs Agent Sitwell that the World Security Council wishes Emil Blonsky to be released from prison to join the Avengers Initiative. As Nick Fury doesn't want to release Blonsky, the two agents decide to send a patsy to sabotage the meeting... The story springs from the real-world headlines of religious cults and mass suicides. With Veil, it begins 30 years ago, when members of a religious cult known as Heaven's Veil take their own lives. The truth behind what really happened remains buried deep in the memory of the sole survivor, a five-year-old girl, who returns to the compound with a documentary crew as an adult. They soon discover something that is far more terrifying than anything they could have imagined. Three astronomers accidentally intercept what they believe to be a signal from a distant alien civilization, but the truth is even more incredible than any of them could have imagined. No overview found. After the death of his father, Chihiro goes to live with his older half-brother Togo and his girlfriend Satomi. Togo and Satomi greet him with open arms, but Chihiro feels loneliness. He becomes interested in Naoya's dance practice, but a case takes place around Chihiro.  Takahata Shun's day at high school begins just as boring as ever, but it doesn't end that way. He and his classmates find themselves forced to play children's games with deadly stakes. With no idea who is behind, the only thing Shun and other students can do is keep trying to win. Third episode of Code Geass: Boukoku no Akito. Fourth episode of Code Geass: Boukoku no Akito.  Max finds himself in possession of an ancient scroll that describes the entire history of humankind from beginning to end. Seeking to use the information for his own gain, Max triggers the mechanism that begins influencing his own life. Strange phenomena begin to plague Senn, a factory worker on the forgotten world, Pyom, when an enigmatic alien intelligence arrives to deliver him to the Polychronom. This ancient object has surreptitiously chosen him for a mysterious purpose that could mean his undoing. Aliens make a follow up invasion attempt on Rural Ohio after years of unsuccessful attempts. This time they're out for revenge. It's up to local hillbillies and college kids to defend the world from this alien invasion. A shamed ex-freighter captain takes one last shot at redemption, only to find he is a puppet for a grander scheme. A bomb technician faces his most hazardous situation yet: Take Your Daughter To Work Day. Autobots and Decepticons are at war, with humans on the sidelines. Optimus Prime is gone. The key to saving our future lies buried in the secrets of the past, in the hidden history of Transformers on Earth. When reporter Rachel Armstrong writes a story that reveals the identity of a covert CIA operative, the government demands that Rachel reveal her source. She defies the special prosecutor and is thrown in jail. Meanwhile, her attorney, Albert Burnside argues her case all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court. Sci-Fi -  Steven Arabia, Robert Arensen, Audra Balewski  In a small town circa 1860 small pox takes the life of a little boy. He enters a world that will get him prepped and re-incarnated for his next life. The library is a second chance, a place to select a storybook life and be reborn. The evil darkness takes the boy into lower earth. All the corners of hell are fighting to keep him from reaching the next level. Four guardians are sent to rescue him but they only have 30 minutes. While traveling in Paris, author Henry Miller and his wife, June, meet Anais Nin, and sexual sparks fly as Nin starts an affair with the openly bisexual June. When June is forced to return to the U.S., she gives Nin her blessing to sleep with her husband. Then, when June returns to France, an unexpected, and sometimes contentious, threesome forms. You'll never look at a statue of the Virgin Mary the same way again. Based on the assertion that divine apparitions aren't what they always appear to be, Vesuvius is an interesting take on the psychopath with Catholicism smacked against the background. Gio Alvarez provides a convincing portrayal of a madman, and people can even argue if this short inclines toward the supernatural or the psychological. Whereas Grave Torture uses darkness impeccably, Vesuvius plays with light so well. As a former London constable, Nicholas Angel finds it difficult to adapt to his new assignment in the sleepy British village of Sandford. Not only does he miss the excitement of the big city, but he also has a well-meaning oaf for a partner. However, when a series of grisly accidents rocks Sandford, Angel smells something rotten in the idyllic village. Jayson Bend (also known as "Agent 009") is an openly gay British super spy! Modeled completely after James Bond, he drives fast and plays hard - always with other hot boys. In this truly impressive 48-minute parody/homage, the first in an on-going series, Jayson teams up with a sexy Swiss counterpart to try and stop the world's largest global hair salon chain, and their nefarious CEO, from launching a satellite that will threaten the very fate of human existence. Don't miss this exhilarating new thrill ride! After the re-emergence of the world's first mutant, world-destroyer Apocalypse, the X-Men must unite to defeat his extinction level plan. Artist Daniel Crook unpacks masculinity one painting at a time. On the outskirts of the Civil War, a boy is sent north by a bounty hunter gang to retrieve a wanted man. A four-film omnibus  that features four short anime films all themed around Japan. In 2257, a taxi driver is unintentionally given the task of saving a young girl who is part of the key that will ensure the survival of humanity. A young man in a personal tailspin flees the US to Italy, where he sparks up a romance with a woman harboring a dark, primordial secret. A group of grad students have booked passage on the fishing trawler Harbinger to study the effects of global warming on a pod of Orcas in the Bering Sea. When the ship's crew dredges up a recently thawed piece of old Soviet space wreckage, things get downright deadly. It seems that the Russians experimented with tardigrades, tiny resilient animals able to withstand the extremes of space radiation. The creatures survived, but not without mutation. Now the crew is exposed to aggressively mutating organisms. And after being locked in ice for 3 decades, the creatures aren't about to give up the warmth of human companionship. In the clandestine research tower of a ruthless Japanese security and arms company, Saisei Security, scientist MALI awakens employed mercenaries killed in combat, their death giving rise to a new, vicious breed of zombie... ZOMBIE NINJAS. Trapped amongst unsuspecting civilians, including former tactical operative DILLON (Adam T Perkins), the ZOMBIE NINJAS commanded by a ferocious leader (Soa 'The Hulk' Palelei) are unleashed in the inner city high-rise. They soon face off with the covert response mission deployed to fight back. This elite black ops team underestimates the brutality of their encounter, which ultimately tests their loyalty and friendship, resulting in a frightful assault between these two highly skilled lethal forces and DILLON thrust in the middle fighting for survival. A hospice nurse working at a spooky New Orleans plantation home finds herself entangled in a mystery involving the house's dark past. Just when you thought it was safe to go back in the water again, you can't even get across the sand! BLOOD BEACH meets SPRING BREAKERS in an ace monster mash-up of smart nostalgia and up-to-the-minute visual effects. After an all-night graduation beach party, a group of hung-over students wake up under blazing sun to find their numbers somewhat depleted. An enormous alien creature has burrowed down deep and anyone foolish enough to make contact with the sand finds themselves at the mercy of a sea of flesh-eating tentacles. Will they ever be able to escape its carnivorous clutches? Following a near-fatal accident, David Chamberlain makes an unprecedented discovery that will not only determine the fate of his family, but of mankind. How Zordon became what he is and how he obtained the power coins as well as hidden secrets that have changed the lives of humanity forever. my I's is a visual journey through time, space, and memories of the filmmaker from her childhood to the present. Not parting with her Super 8 camera for four years, she accumulated a variety of images from different parts of the world and from different times of the year. She then combined these images with home movie footage of herself and her mother. After his wife is assaulted, a husband enlists the services of a vigilante group to help him settle the score. Environmental activist Jeff Shepherd, a free-loving, tree-hugging hippie mysteriously disappears when he is mistakenly targeted by otherworldly visitors instead of super government agent Adam Goodchild who is late for the most important mission in history. The Third Wave film was shot in Sri Lanka following the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake. It was directed by Australian film maker Alison Thompson and Italian producer Oscar Gubernati. After the 2004 Asian tsunami disaster, four independent volunteers, with little money and no experience, race off to volunteer in tsunami ravaged Sri Lanka. Six rebel figures have taken refuge in an abandoned sector against a genetically enhanced superhuman race. Abstract short in Jacob's current 3D style. Amnesiac women held captive by robots in a desolate institute SF movie, Mr. Gang is a raising star of next generation. But it is hard to get a chance to release his movie in Korea, wasteland for SF movie. A man whose brain becomes magnetized unintentionally destroys every tape in his friend's video store. In order to satisfy the store's most loyal renter, an aging woman with signs of dementia, the two men set out to remake the lost films. Four scientists craft a machine to reanimate deceased organisms. In 2020, the greatest minds in France gather at the President's home in order to save the country from catastrophe. It stars Clyde Cook working with Stan Laurel. Stan helped write this and fans of L&H will recognize the situation: a street musician in the snow. Yes, it's the set-up from BELOW ZERO. It's all about the falls in the snow here, and Clyde takes them great. After a meteor shower strikes Los Angeles, toxic smoke is released across the city causing people to physically change and become violent. A small group of survivors plans to vacate the city by heading to the coast. A fallen angel seeks redemption for the death of a child under his protection. After a random school shootout leaves a scientist's daughter and the shooter dead, he uses nano-robots to look into a psychopath's memories to find reasons for violence and a way to treat it. A Texan paranormal radio host, Ridley Kay leads a fairly ordinary existence, until a strange orphan with a tragic past comes crashing into his life. Convinced other-worldly forces are after her, Kay attempts to protect the young girl from an onslaught of deadly alien and extra-terrestrial phenomena. However, as the strange lights continue to stalk her, he discovers the world of the paranormal might be far more sinister than anyone has possibly imagined. 2035, United States of Europe. Some humans are not sustainable anymore. A young woman's connection with the life force of nature. Using her taxidermy talents to "return" the animals to their natural habitat. But the true search for answers begins when she finds a roll of undeveloped film in each of the animals that she treats. A man on the cutting edge of science becomes the first to successfully clone a person, but events unravel when the news leaks out before his team could prepare for what's to come. An archaeological expedition uncovers a prehistoric hominid burial site. When their team is unexpectedly attacked they are forced to take refuge in the catacombs of an unmapped cave. One by one they fall to an ancient predator. Traveling Route 66, a charismatic preacher, Reverend Johnny Jones, and his seductively beautiful Latina girlfriend, Rebecca, find their lives spiraling out of control as they travel from small town to small town; running their scam on the churches they encounter along the mother road. He's able to convince people he has the power to heal their illnesses and solve their most dreadful life experiences. But what the couple think is their scam begs the question does he really have the power? It's a question that haunts him and only intensifies his inner demons. Scarred for life, his childhood abuse from his evil father won't soon go away. He finds temporary refuge at the bottom of each bottle of tequila and endless grams of cocaine that goes up his nose. His childhood demons will not subside, neither will his vices. In the end, his powers serve as a blessing and a curse. Hang on tight while we follow this perilous couple's journey into the abyss of miracles and tragedy. What happens when the undead return to life? In a world ravaged for years by a virus that turns the infected into zombie-like cannibals, a cure is at last found and the wrenching process of reintegrating the survivors back into society begins. A cult of revolutionaries plot to murder the president of a pharmaceutical conglomerate. A chief mechanic at a factory, haunted by apocalyptic nightmares, becomes a hero when Earth is invaded by a mysterious army bent on destruction. Helena, a young woman on a deep space mission, has been alone for 20 years. Her parents abandoned ship after a technical malfunction made it impossible for all three of them to reach their intended destination. Alex, an isolated engineer, is about to enter her life and turn her world upside down. Erin and Garrett are very much in love. When Erin moves to San Francisco to finish her journalism degree and Garrett stays behind in New York to work in the music industry, they gamely keep the romance alive with webcams and frequent-flyer miles. But just when it seems the lovers will soon be reunited, they each score a big break that could separate them for good.  A group of laid-off workers bribed into working one last night discover that processing the last of their "inventory" will lead to cataclysmic consequences. An underground MMA fighter must confront his sister and his past in an adventure through parallel universes George W. Bush picks Dick Cheney, the CEO of Halliburton Co., to be his Republican running mate in the 2000 presidential election. No stranger to politics, Cheney's impressive resume includes stints as White House chief of staff, House Minority Whip and defense secretary. When Bush wins by a narrow margin, Cheney begins to use his newfound power to help reshape the country and the world. The year is 2047.  Our planet is ruled by the repressive Confederate Central Government (CCG).  Ryan is a Green War rebel agent sent on a mission by Sponge to collect evidence against the CCG for its heinous crimes. Ryan soon faces the sinister Colonel Asimov, Major Anderson and a group of mercenaries lead by Lobo. His mission quickly turns chaotic when he meets Tuage, a mutant survivor of the CCG rebellion who swears to help Ryan save what is left of their world ... or does she? Toni and Emma are brother and sister who owns a stable farm. Ramon and his son, Aaron works for them. Toni is openly gay and loves to party, Emma has a crush on Aaron who is a closeted gay who is afraid that his father might find out, but his father also has a secret. Zoe has suffered with Leukemia her whole life. When her condition worsens, she's given months to live. One day, a Young Astronaut crash lands near her home. Zoe spends her last days showing the Astronaut the wonders of Planet Earth. Los Angeles is about to be hit by a devastating earthquake, and time is running out to save the city from imminent danger. DANGER DOLLS follows a quartet of cute idol singers who moonlight as butt-kicking action heroines. When extraterrestrial invaders threaten the safety of the Earth after an earthquake unleashes them from an alternate dimension, the Danger Dolls become humanity's only hope for survival. The team infiltrates the evil cult behind the invasion and must use their swords and their fists to smash the invading army.  Following the events of Age of Ultron, the collective governments of the world pass an act designed to regulate all superhuman activity. This polarizes opinion amongst the Avengers, causing two factions to side with Iron Man or Captain America, which causes an epic battle between former allies. After a devastating terrorist attack annihilates New York, Chicago and Los Angeles, the US government develops state-of-the-art drone patrols to counter terrorist activities and police the population. When Patterson Endcott, a scientist and drone controller, finds his name listed as a potential terrorist, he unites with a group of resistance fighters to spearhead the fight against the tyrannical government. After a global neurological epidemic, those who remain search for meaning and connection in a world without memory. Five interwoven stories each explore a different facet of life without memory in a future that has no past. A night like any other in the streets of Hong Kong: in the midst of the tangle of night-owls, cars and vendors, a group of passengers climbs aboard a minibus that is to take them from Mongkok to Tai Po. The group is as diverse as the city: there's a young man on drugs, an arguing couple, a woman with prayer beads and a girl who has just fallen in love. And behind the wheel sits the chatty driver. But as the bus emerges from a tunnel, everything is suddenly quite still: the streets and buildings are all empty and there's not a soul to be seen; it's as if everyone has suddenly been swallowed by the earth. Only the millions of neon lights continue to blink, as if nothing has happened. The eclectic group of passengers seek refuge in a deserted cafe and discuss what they should do. Then they make an horrific discovery... Relationships, credibility, and life itself are all called into question following the invention of the time machine. After her brother's death, Roma Courtney becomes the heiress to his fortune. When fake psychic Paul Bavian claims to have a message from Roma's dead brother, he coaxes Roma into participating in a seance. Although Roma's fiance, Grant, first believes the seance is nothing more than a scam, he eventually realizes that the vengeful spirit of an executed murderer has possessed Roma's body. 5 people trapped in a bunker after a nuclear and biological attack are forced to make an impossible decision - either one dies or they all die. An FBI agent teams with the town's veteran game tracker to investigate a murder that occurred on a Native American reservation. From the acclaimed team that brought you BBC's visual feast "Planet Earth," this feature length film incorporates some of the same footage from the series with all new scenes following three remarkable, yet sadly endangered, families of animal across the globe. Focus On Infinity is a cinematic journey to the places, people and machines that are involved in exploring the origin of our cosmos and of our existence. It is a very personal and intuitive investigation into the roots and boundaries of our imagination dominated by sensual perception. Not unlike an adventure, the film dares to voyage into the unknown, to the structures of our intellectual capacity and drive to explore. It focuses on the restlessness that characterizes the natural sciences, which drives research with increasing technological advancement and financial resources, and underpins the never-ending human ambition to fully understand our world. A group of cooks at an asylum for the criminally insane get locked in with the inmates during a massive thunderstorm 10,000 Days ago, Comet 23 struck Earth with the magnitude of all the nuclear weapons in the world sending the planet into a deep freeze. Now, 27 years in the future, those who survived are locked in an epic battle of life or death. A 107-minute long message that will be sent by a rocket to aliens who were detected from outside our solar system. The film is about the making of this message, and it follows the building of the space capsule from the signals received until the launch of the rocket. The valuable and illuminating interviews made with 42 role models tries to answer the big quesions of the human existence with unique humour. The message of the film is actually intended for everybody who is searching for their path, a handhold, motivation, to live their daily life to the fullest. A family intervention goes horrifically awry within the snowy confines of an isolated lake house. Illusion for cinema is like dream for reality. A teenager wakes up in a subway car with no memory of how he got there or who he is. A group of entitled Beverly Hills oceanography students arrive at a mansion in Malibu, to study the local ocean waters. However, someone... or something, has other, more murderous intent, as the Students begin to disappear, one by one, murdered by some flesh-shredding entity, leaving wounds similar in nature to a shark attack.  But how is that possible, when the nearest ocean is a half-mile away? A creative teenage girl undergoes a mind-altering procedure while a virus spreads throughout the globe. Crispin Glover co-stars in this black comedy-fusion-surreal plague thriller. A delicious, phantasmagoric fantasy, directed by Hooroo Jackson. Global climate change prompts a scientific corporation to genetically modify Alaskan polar bears with horrific and deadly results. The 24-Hour Race at the Nuerburgring is known as the world's biggest motorsports event. More than 200,000 fans set up their camp in the Eifel forest and cheer for their heroes in the 210 race cars. Lap after lap. Hour after hour. Day and night. It's the stage for great stories. Sorrow and joy. Excitement and exertion. Drama and emotions. You will hardly find any event that brings the extremes this close together. In the thick of things, last year's winner BMW's two cars and 70 team members. For months, engineers, mechanics and the eight pilots have been preparing for the most important race of the year. The filmmakers Tim and Nick Hahne captured it all with their cameras - from the first test drive to the chequered flag coming down - and accompanied the BMW team on the way to achieving its goal: winning the 24-Hour Race. Pin-up vixens vs. bloodthirsty zombies, set in post-apocalyptic Hollywood. The lives of a group of teenagers are turned upside down when their town is taken over by sinister forces. The story about a group of youths who can't face the thought of growing up because anyone who does becomes a rampaging zombie. Upcoming Malayalam movie, Chengazhi Nambiar Neighbors in a block wake one morning to find they have been sealed inside their apartments. Can they work together to find out why? Or will they destroy each other in their fight to escape? Zane Ziminski is an astrophysicist who receives a message that seems to have extraterrestrial origins. Eerily soon after his discovery, Zane is fired. He then embarks on a search to determine the origins of the transmission that leads him into a Hitchcockian labyrinth of paranoia and intrigue.  The story of a New York pro baseball team and two of its players. Henry Wiggen is the star pitcher and Bruce Pearson is the normal, everyday catcher who is far from the star player on the team and friend to all of his teammates. During the off-season, Bruce learns that he is terminally ill, and Henry, his only true friend, is determined to be the one person there for him during his last season with the club. Throughout the course of the season, Henry and his teammates attempt to deal with Bruce's impending illness, all the while attempting to make his last year a memorable one. Revan has been friends with Reina since childhood. Now, romance sparks between them. But, Revan knows that Reina is still thinking about another guy, Fabian. After three years, Fabian is back into Reinas life. Meanwhile, another girl, Dira, secretly loves Revan. What will happen to Revan, Reina, and Fabian? 'Beti and Amare' is a historical science-fiction film set in 1936 Ethiopia. Beti, a young Ethiopian girl has escaped Mussolini's troops and found refuge in the peaceful south of Ethiopia. As the Italians march ever closer Beti has to battle hunger, thirst, and the unwelcome sexual advances of the local militia. When the situation threatens to escalate towards the unthinkable, a spaceship cracks through the clouds... its cargo... love. Set in a hostel in the 1980s, 'Digital Physics' follows Khatchig, a man searching for truth in mathematics, physics, logic, and life. As he monopolizes the sole computer in the hostel to make sense of a counter-intuitive result, he has an epiphany: We may be living in a computer simulation. 1999, 4:43 min, color, sound A garden centre employee just cannot get his girlfriend pregnant. With his partner's biological clock ticking, he must swallow his pride and embrace a solution. Posing as lovers on vacation, Motoko and Batou work to try to stop a terrorist organization whose symbol is the Scrasath. Meanwhile, Togusa investigates a murder of a man who possessed a prosthetic leg manufactured by the Mermaid's Leg corporation. As host of his own hit TV series, 'MAN VS', Doug Woods is forced to fend for himself for five days in remote locations with no crew, food, or water, only the cameras he carries on his back to film his experiences. Doug's in the remote woods for a routine episode, until he's awoken by an earth-shaking crash. Things get weirder as it becomes clear Doug isn't alone. Someone or something is watching him. A group of three survivors must make their way through the dinosaur apocalypse to a military base, the last safe place on earth. Once there, they come across a plot that's more terrifying than the dinosaurs themselves. ROBO-DOG is a real-world fantasy film for the whole family. When Tyler's furry best friend dies tragically, his inventor Dad creates a new dog to take his place - complete with mechanical powers and robotic abilities to keep everyone on their toes. Abby and Rebecca Powell haven't seen each other since a traumatic event in their youth ripped them apart. Reunited for the first time in over a decade, the sisters take a trip to spread their mother's ashes at a secluded lake. As the sisters reconnect and try to heal old wounds, something waits in the nearby woods. A strange object, made not by the hands of man, beckons them to it. As they begin to try and unlock its secrets, Abby is plagued by nightmares of an alien presence that seem all too real. Little do the sisters realize that this object is actually a device, one with a purpose too horrible to comprehend. As the events of the past and the present begin to merge, new discoveries will threaten to tear apart their newly reformed family, and the inhuman creators of the device will attempt to finish a terrible experiment begun years before. Guy is an experienced British fighter pilot who is in command of Britain's first manned mission to space. He has trained for this for three years at the height of the Cold War and now he is alone in space with a malfunctioning capsule. He has limited contact with the UK, some unusual communication with the US and some unorthodox communication with Roscosmos deep in Soviet Russia. Who will help him? Will he make the right choice? While trying to get their lives back on track after the loss of their four year old son, Bryn and Paul Shaw move to the charming old Beacon Apartments. Bryn begins seeing a ghostly little boy skulking around the building. With the help of an eccentric young professor and a tough old beat cop, Bryn tries to uncover the details of the boy's death. Groups of super powered people begin a war that will bring the city they live in crumbling down. Allegiances of super powered people fight for control of a young girl, who holds the ultimate power to control anything and everyone in the city. They will begin a war that in the end could bring the entire city crumbling down. When a single mother and her two young children are tormented by an increasingly strange and intense presence in their quiet suburban home, she turns to her scientist boyfriend to take on the violent forces that paranormal experts are too frightened to face. When mechanic Jeff Obold meets the wealthy and mysterious Bruno Rubin, he is exposed for the first time to the finer things in life. But Jeff soon discovers the source of Rubin's power: a caged creature called a "Darkling," which possesses the power to create incredible wealth for the person who will pledge unending "companionship." After her brother mysteriously vanishes from the Mexican desert, a young woman sets out to uncover the otherworldly truth about his disappearance. On an isolated desert planet, a man who is looking for parts to repair his robotic companion teams up with a young woman searching for an imaginary lake. The war on terror exploded, literally, the day Sarajevo was destroyed by a homemade nuclear device. The leading democracies transformed into total surveillance states, and the developing world has drowned under a wave of genocides. The mysterious American John Paul seems to be behind the collapse of the world system, and it's up to intelligence agent Clavis Shepherd to track John Paul across the wreckage of civilizations and to find the true heart of darkness--a genocidal organ. In the future, Utopia has finally been achieved thanks to medical nanotechnology and a powerful ethic of social welfare and mutual consideration. This perfect world isn't that perfect though, and three young girls stand up to totalitarian kindness and super-medicine by attempting suicide via starvation. It doesn't work, but one of the girls--Tuan Kirie--grows up to be a member of the World Health Organization. As a crisis threatens the harmony of the new world, Tuan rediscovers another member of her suicide pact, and together they must help save the planet...from itself. Somewhere in outer space three hot space fighter pilots - Solara, Tansy and Cala (the Bikini Girls) fly daring combat missions whilst maintaining fabulous hair. Meanwhile wicked Voluptina secretly plans to steal their rightful title and become Queen of the galaxy when she banishes the Bikini Girls into a rogue black-hole, thus sending them back in time 70 millions year to the age of dinosaurs... A crew of scientists arrives on a far, cold planet to examine archaic artifacts of unknown origin. They discover that their German enemies already have a ship there. When they seek their help after a failed landing, they only find the Germans' bodies, obviously slaughtered by one of the archaic creatures, awoken to new life. Now the alien is after them. A teenager wakes up in a subway car with no memory of how he got there or who he is. A Native American Veteran, burdened by survivor's guilt after a disastrous military tour, is forced to search for his missing grandfather after his ancestral land is mysteriously taken over by an unknown federal organization. A group of young bio-engineers discover they can use quantum physics to transfer motor-skills between human brains.  Believing this to be a first step towards a new intellectual freedom, they freely distribute the technology. But as the mysterious past of one of their group is revealed, dark forces emerge that threaten to subvert this technology into a means of mass control.  DxM takes the mind-bender thriller to the next level with an immersive narrative and breath-taking action. Bruce is a trucker who works the hog fat lines between Earth and the Titan Station. He's content with his life but a bit lonely. A month away from the Titan Station Bruce picks up Max, an easily bored automation engineer with a broken shuttle. As Max is about to go crazy from space boredom they receive a strange distress call. Bruce's long range receiver is broken so the signal is close by. Soon they discover a huge dark object on a collision course. Bruce and Max must risk everything to survive their deadly encounter and deliver the hog fat. A decade after a disastrous meteor impact wipes out most of society, a group of survivalists emerge to find themselves on a twisted version of the old Earth, with a nascent society besieged by vicious marauders, ferocious mutants, and the dreadful symptoms of a post-apocalyptic environment. Apex Rising 2016 Based on the comic book by the creator of Ghost in the Shell, a young female soldier Deunan and her cyborg partner Briareos survive through the post World War 3 apocalyptic New York in search of human's future hope, the legendary city of Olympus. Nicole has always dreamed of getting married on 11/11/11.. She just doesn't have a fiance yet. After spending the last four years with Mr. Wrong, Nicole has six months to find to find anyone to walk down the aisle with. Written and directed by Peter Macaluso, 11/11/11 stars Lauren Potter, Natalie Ann Cohen, J. Michael Polisano, and Andrew Saunders. The year is 2045, the continuing drug war has caused havoc between The United States government and Mexico. Gear Side International, a robotics engineering company loses a multi billion dollar government contract due to bad practices. On the brink of bankruptcy, they sell off their technology to the Malvado cartel on the black market. With the advanced military robotics technology in the wrong hands. The cartel uses it to their advantage; replacing their enforcers, hit men, and soldiers. The cartel eventually becomes a very powerful threat to The United States Plastic Galaxy explores the ground breaking and breathtaking world of 'Star Wars' toys. Through interviews with former Kenner employees, experts, authors, and collectors, the documentary looks at the toys' history, influence, and the passions they elicit today. Tough kids from tough backgrounds living dangerous lives - these are the young people of the Oasis, a grimy brick youth refuge in inner-city Sydney. No story is too horrific, no circumstance too dire, no kid too damaged for its tireless director, Captain Paul Moulds. Father figure, counselor, saviour and an orphan himself, Paul is nothing short of a legend amongst those who stumble in at breaking point with nowhere left to go. This raw observational documentary filmed over two years captures Paul's daily battle to save these lost children of the so-called "Lucky Country". A woman enters an underground bunker where gifted children use augmented reality technology to wreak havoc. During a manned mission to Mars, Astronaut Mark Watney is presumed dead after a fierce storm and left behind by his crew. But Watney has survived and finds himself stranded and alone on the hostile planet. With only meager supplies, he must draw upon his ingenuity, wit and spirit to subsist and find a way to signal to Earth that he is alive. The story of Jack Johnson, the first African American Heavyweight boxing champion. Super-assassin John Wick returns with a $14 million price tag on his head and an army of bounty-hunting killers on his trail. After killing a member of the shadowy international assassin's guild, the High Table, John Wick is excommunicado, but the world's most ruthless hit men and women await his every turn. When the cities most beloved super hero goes missing it's up to the street level super femmes to save the day. This film was originally an award winning web series that explores comic book tropes with a mighty dose of camp and humor. A documentary filmmaker travels to a UFO convention in New Mexico where he meets a local artist with a dark secret. As they follow a trail of clues they discover disturbing sightings and question all they believe when they become immersed in the enigmatic culture of the Pueblo Indians. When a group of misfits is hired by an unknown third party to burglarize a desolate house and acquire a rare VHS tape, they discover more found footage than they bargained for. A promising artist and a singer fall in love in college and get married against their families wishes. The singer starts to perform to support her husband and becomes nationally known.The artist fails to sell anything and becomes alcoholic. When an illegal waffle is found at the scene of a murder, it's up to the Symbiote Police Department to track down the dealer of these illegal waffles at all costs. Aimo and Milla are living together at Milla's alcoholics-turned-zombies parents' place. They save money to move out of the house. Due to his lack of self confidence, Aimo wastes their savings to turbo-boost his muscles. As conventional body building is not quite satisfactory, Aimo tunes himself up into a robot. Milla doesn't like the new Aimo-Robot and leaves him. Aimo's heartache leads him to extreme measures as he also changes his heart into a metal one, one that doesn't hurt. Milla decides to steal Aimo heart: after all, a woman needs to have a man's heart. Lovemilla is an anarchistic comedy trip, a comedy about love, a story about love, robots and bodybuilding. In a not-too-distant future only a few homo sapiens are left. Struggling for survival they are forced to live from hunting the last remaining animals in the peripheral ruins of an advanced human civilization. But they are unaware of being stalked themselves by a mysterious scanner. A science-fiction story about hunting and being hunted, about extinction and survival, about dogs - and men. A man reads a horror novel late at night. His imagination runs away with him; he thinks some dripping beverage is blood, is frightened by his own bear-skin rug, and faints when he sees a shadow of himself in a noose-like tangle of his phone cord. The ambulance arrives and finds the most threatening thing is a kitten in a sock and a shelf of horror novels. They cart off the novels and leave the man. Four astronauts have to stay 1000 days in a space station around Earth in order to prove that a trip to Europa, one of Jupiter's moon, is possible. The experience goes well until something happens on earth. A long forgotten ancient spacecraft discovered on Earth. Investigations carried out by Scout transport her to the moon whereupon she meets the impressive machines preserving the wisdom of that long lost civilization. After the mysterious death of their young son, a couple desperately flees to a remote lake house to escape the unrelenting haunting following them only to discover the mysterious entity is still very much a part of their lives. In a remote house in Maine, two friends predict shifts in global financial markets by viewing footage of the forest. Saban's Power Rangers follows five ordinary teens who must become something extraordinary when they learn that their small town of Angel Grove -- and the world -- is on the verge of being obliterated by an alien threat. Chosen by destiny, our heroes quickly discover they are the only ones who can save the planet. But to do so, they will have to overcome their real-life issues and before it's too late, band together as the Power Rangers. On a romantic getaway to Iceland, a young American couple wake up one morning to discover every person on Earth has disappeared. Their struggle to survive and to reconcile the mysterious event lead them to reconsider everything they know about themselves and the world. The story of humankind's last stand against a cataclysmic alien invasion. Set in the war-ravaged African countryside, a U.S. soldier and a French foreign aid worker team up to survive the alien onslaught. Their bond will be tested as they search for refuge across a crumbling world. The story of the first major battle of the American phase of the Vietnam War and the soldiers on both sides that fought it. An archaeologist finds the mummified remains of a giant--the offspring of a Fallen Angel and a human woman. Now he has to stop the terror he has unleashed. A meteorite is bound towards Tamil Nadu and the experts predict it will cause destruction on a large scale. Meanwhile, the people of Appuchi Gramam, where the meteorite is expected to hit, try to come to terms with the fact in their own way. Adam Manish is a bizarre young man who believes that some people are trying to kill him due to his special born gifts. Rebellious teenager Kim Temple (Louisa Connolly-Burnham) has a strange affliction that makes her feel very insecure: stressful situations cause her to lose consciousness. The Internet has evolved into its own physical space. A group of Cyberpunchers (people who make a living breaking into the restricted parts of the Internet) are hired to go on a rescue mission into the core of Cyberspace--Terminal X.  Jones proposes to his girlfriend only to receive the worst possible reply, 'No'. Not being able to handle the heartbreak, Jones works on inventing a time machine so he can travel back and fix the dire complications within the relationship. Once the time machine becomes operational, friendships, loyalty and love is tested. 99% of the human race has colonized on Mars. The remaining few work to rehabilitate our dying planet. Each year a small number are selected to return home to aid in the process. For those few, it will be their first glimpse of Earth. We follow them on their journey in this sci-fi psychological thriller. Go home. For the first time. An amnesiac must reach back into his mind for memories that will help him save the love of his life before a virus completely takes over. Cal Zimmerman, a scientist, is questioned about an experiment he carried out two years ago. Back then, Abel, a man who is heavily invested in his career at the service of a scientific research laboratory, suddenly loses his wife and their only daughter. He is going through a dark period of grieving and loneliness when his world is suddenly turned upside down by the arrival of a child who is the looks very much like his daughter. Overwhelmed, he refuses to lose his mind and confronts this presence, learning how to get to know this girl. When Collin Bastrow is found in the forest, alone and afraid, he has a shocking story to tell. As he struggles to recount the events of the previous night his memories return in a series of horrific flashes of what became of his friends and fiancee. What started as a simple camping trip in the mountains of Northern Arizona quickly descended into an amazing and terrifying story that is truly out of this world. As the sole survivor of this deadly close encounter Collin must try and explain the unexplainable 12 strangers are held against their will as each of them must go along with the rules if they are to get the cure for a killer virus which infects them all. After inadvertently causing his lover's death, a guilt-ridden geneticist begins an obsessive hunt for the gene that triggers his previsions of impending deaths. A rogue band of resistance fighters unite for a mission to steal the Death Star plans and bring a new hope to the galaxy. A woman whose car breaks down in the desert finds her way to an abandoned town, where she is menaced by a gang of psycho bikers. Jess, a bellboy working at The Manila Hotel, is gifted an all-expenses paid stay at the hotel's most expensive suite. And during his stay, he encounters Veronica, a professional golddigger. Jess keeps up the illusion of being a rich guest of the hotel, hoping to get Veronica to fall in love with him before he has to tell her the truth. Action - 'Testudon', one of the most famous foolish film festivals, made a foolish anthology film about 'Japan' with 26 directors. Naturally, the directors are also foolish enough, so that you might wonder if it is really about Japan or get headache at the screening.At least, some of the 26 various works will please you. It is inevitable that the theater room will be full of laughter, hand claps, roars or booings like 'Pay back the money!'. But we won't reimburse you! -  Keisaku Kimura, Ryuki Kitaoka, Britani Sugawara An addict ex-politician whose life has spiraled out of control finds redemption when challenged with keeping his sister-in-law and niece alive during the apocalypse. Shaina lives 600 years in the future. War, greed, prejudice, poverty, pollution, violence, loneliness, depression - these are things that she's read about in history books. When an accident in a physics experiment sends her on a time-travel journey to our times, she assumes that everyone around her is honest, generous and caring, as she recruits the help that she needs to get back home. Robert d'Eglantine invites five of his friends to spend a week-end in his castle, lost in the woods. He explains to them that he studied secret documents on nazi scientific research during World War II. These researches were on time travelling and he's now able to take his guests into an amazing trip seventy years back in time, in 1944, during the Occupation and only a few weeks before the landing in Normandy. The demonstration seems to be a big joke but once in the past our characters will be facing troubling events. Real time travel or devilish game meticulously crafted? 4 would be astronauts spend 400 days in a land locked space simulator to test the psychological effects of deep space travel but, when something goes terribly wrong and they are forced to leave the simulation, they discover that everything on earth has changed. Is this real or is the simulation on a higher level than they could have ever imagined? After a virus of epic proportions overwhelms the planet--with more infected than uninfected--humanity is losing its grip on survival and its only hope is finding a cure and keeping the infected contained. Lauren, a doctor, arrives in Los Angeles with her crack team to lead the hunt for uncontaminated civilian survivors, but nothing can prepare them for the blood-soaked mayhem they witness as they head into the Californian streets where everything is considered a trap. Enzo Ceccotti comes into contact with a radioactive substance, then accidently discovers he has superpowers. A touchy, navel-gazing introvert, he's sure his new capabilities will do wonders for his life of crime, but that all changes when he meets Alessia, who's convinced he's the hero from the famous Japanese comic strip, Steel Jeeg Robot. Through a series of daring escapades deep within a dark and dangerous criminal underworld, Han Solo meets his mighty future copilot Chewbacca and encounters the notorious gambler Lando Calrissian. A teenager and his mother find themselves besieged by threatening forces when they move into a new house. Juan and his urban family live in the Mexican countryside, where they enjoy and suffer a world apart. And nobody knows if these two worlds are complementary or if they strive to eliminate one another. A love triangle caught in the circle of time.... Demons plague the Earth after the Biblical Rapture. Jeremy (Cuyle Carvin) and Dana (Marlene Mc'Cohen) must make their way to a mysterious cabin deep into the wilderness in order to survive. After his photojournalist brother gets killed by a white tigress in the jungles of the Sundarbans, Pandit and his team of commandos enter the prohibited core area of the forest to avenge his death. Suspense film from the "Cine 100" series about a deserted motel, a woman with a broken-down car, a shower curtain and a knife. Boba Fett has escaped the Sarlacc Pit, only to find himself fighting alongside a Rebellion that wishes to establish a New Republic. Disillusioned dentist Ali Nawaab hopes to become a stand-up comedian but his attempts to find a voice on stage are hampered by memories of his blonde American muse, Ellie Goldsmith. Driven mad to the point of distraction by love, Ali must confront and exorcise the ghosts of his past in order to make his mark. A recently orphaned 15-year-old who has moved to a small town to live with her uncle befriends a robotic canine with super strength, x-ray vision and the ability to talk and the pair take on a military complex, bullies, kidnappers, romance and the world. When her father is suddenly diagnosed with inoperable brain cancer, Sadie returns home to help her family care for him while struggling to accept the chaos within his mind, her family and herself. When a kid accidentally triggers the universe's most lethal hunters' return to Earth, only a ragtag crew of ex-soldiers and a disgruntled female scientist can prevent the end of the human race. In 2029, a cyborg drifter risks his life to protect a woman from her demented ex. Set in a lawless coastal town after Oregon secedes from the Union. When the husband of a dying woman is approached by a corporation pioneering a new program to extend life through robotics, they get caught in a public debate over humans' relationship with technology. Journey into the secret world of Pixie Hollow and hear Tinker Bell speak for the very first time as the astonishing story of Disney's most famous fairy is finally revealed in the all-new motion picture "Tinker Bell." Two men went searching for ghosts, but they found themselves instead... Counter Clockwise is a sci-fi thriller/dark comedy about a scientist who accidentally invents time travel and is zapped six months into the future. He finds himself in a sinister upside down world where his wife and sister are murdered and he's the main suspect. He's forced to go back in time to uncover the mystery surrounding their deaths. When Ripley's lifepod is found by a salvage crew over 50 years later, she finds that terra-formers are on the very planet they found the alien species. When the company sends a family of colonists out to investigate her story--all contact is lost with the planet and colonists. They enlist Ripley and the colonial marines to return and search for answers. Kevin McCallister's parents have split up. Now living with his mom, he decides to spend Christmas with his dad at the mansion of his father's rich girlfriend, Natalie. Meanwhile robber Marv Merchants, one of the villains from the first two movies, partners up with a new criminal named Vera to hit Natalie's mansion. Batman and Robin struggling to survive in a apocalyptic third world. A man trapped in an automated prison must outsmart a computer in order to escape and try and find his way back to the outside world that may already be wiped out.  An aspiring young physician, Robert Merivel found himself in the service of King Charles II and saves the life of someone close to the King. Merivel joins the King's court and lives the high life provided to someone of his position. Merivel is ordered to marry his King's mistress in order to divert the queens suspicions. He is given one order by the king and that is not to fall in love. The situation worsens when Merivel finds himself in love with his new wife. Eventually, the King finds out and relieves Merivel of his position and wealth. His fall from grace leaves Merivel where he first started. And through his travels and reunions with an old friend, he rediscovers his love for true medicine and what it really means to be a physician. A troubled high school student discovers the truth behind his hidden abilities. After an explosion at a chemical factory gives him the power of invisibility, a former officer of the law becomes a vigilante in order to take revenge on those who have wronged him. The Coalition of Planets, a young alliance of worlds led by Earth, is at war with the Romulan Empire. Desperate for a chance to gain the upper hand in the war, the Coalition forms an alliance with T'mar, a Romulan deserter, in the hopes that she can provide valuable intelligence on her former masters. After being infected in the wake of a violent pandemic and with only 48 hours to live, a father struggles to find a new home for his baby daughter. The most ambitious project ever conceived on the Internet: Google's master plan to scan every book in the world and the people trying to stop them. Google says they are building a library for mankind, but some say they also have other intentions. In the late 1970's, the SETI project received a one time signal from outer space. It looked exactly as theorists thought a communication from an alien civilization would -- unfortunately it has never been decoded. Or so we were told. Unbeknownst to the general public the signal was translated and told us two things:  1) We are not alone.  2) The galaxy is a dangerous place. While helping the CIA to develop a deadly computer virus, a computer engineer finds himself as the target of an assassination. When two graduate student physicist run out of time to prove their theory on time travel, they enlist the help of film students to unearth and chronicle the experiments Nikola Tesla and other scientists were involved in with the US government, which involved testing LSD, electromagnetic energy and radiation on unsuspecting citizens. When members of the film crew end up missing, the physicists realize they may have gotten much more than what they bargained. The premise of Pete Doherty: In 24 Hours is that a film crew follow Pete's every movement as he gears up (excuse the pun) to appear on a catwalk show and play an acoustic set. In the space of 24 hours we are given a tour of Pete's home, get to listen to members of his entourage speak about what working with Pete is like, and gain an insight in to his mind through one-on-one interviews. A political thriller steeped in illegal oil trading, the Russian Mafia, and governmental cover-ups. Directed by Vladimir Strizhevsky. Diego, Manny and Sid return in this sequel to the hit animated movie Ice Age. This time around, the deep freeze is over, and the ice-covered earth is starting to melt, which will destroy the trio's cherished valley. The impending disaster prompts them to reunite and warn all the other beasts about the desperate situation. Harold Just Always Wanted To Be The Best Kung Fu Fighting Sai Slicing Sword Slashing Karate Kicking Fist Flailing Judo Jumping Person He Could Be.Harold Just Has One Problem, He's Lazy. After His Brother Makes Him Go Look For A Job He Discovers Quickly That This Day Is Going To Be Like No Other. Aliens Have Just Invaded And His Brother Is Now Missing. It's Now Up To Harold To Become Sensei Tumbleweed And Not Just Save His Brother But The Planet After the death of his wife and child, an author travels to Barcelona to see his estranged brother and dying father, where he learns that his life is plagued by events that occur on 11/11/11. After X-Corp, a radical weapons manufacturer, is taken over by a Cyber Virus, a group of survivors must fight to save humanity from the army of Machines the Virus now controls. Disaster Playground investigates future outer space catastrophes and the procedures to manage and assess the risks. The film follows the scientists planning the monitoring and deflection of hazardous Near Earth Objects and the real-life procedures in place in the event of an asteroid collision with the earth. Follow the chain of command that runs from the SETI Institute and NASA to the White House and United Nations and meet the people who are responsible from protecting us from a potentially devastating asteroid impact. A young man mourning the loss of his fiancee gets mixed up with a mysterious organization that gives him an offer he can't refuse. Chloe Trustcott's friend is sent into the future, the year 8888 and is sent to prison> Chloe must go to the future and get sent to o prison also so that she can break her friend out. The Firpo Brothers can get away with anything. They just can't get away! A coming of age sci-fi splatter comedy with a dash of Hong Kong style action - TEDDY BOMB is the story of a beer delivery boy named Christian who stumbles upon a ticking time bomb that also happens to be a sentient stuffed animal: A talking teddy bear that can melt your face off. He can't get rid of it, he can't go to the police, and there's no way in hell he can turn it off. To add insult to injury, the bomb's original owners want their property back and they'll decapitate, gut and eviscerate everyone that gets in their way. Whether Christian diffuses the bear or not - it's guaranteed that things will end in one big bloody bang. A sci-fi history of mankind told from the perspective of angels. The Record Keeper, Raina, works in Heaven's administrative offices tracking events unfolding on earth. A young man raised by scientists on Mars returns to Earth to find his father. What can a sexless middle aged married man, whose life now consists mainly of watching Scooby Doo cartoons with a four year old boy, possibly find to write comedy about? Formerly stand-up s youthful iconoclast, Lee now gawps blankly at News 24 as Britain burns down around him, and blinks weirdly at the vast wayside retail outlets during endless journeys to and from increasingly indistinct provincial theatres. Once he lived on the pleasure planet. Now he is trapped in Carpet Remnant World When a group of elite online gamers each receive a mysterious invitation to trial a state-of-the-art virtual reality video game, it's a dream come true and impossible to resist. Arriving at the test site, the group step into hi-tech gear and prepare for a revolutionary, next-level gaming experience that brings modern warfare to life with frightening realism. At first it's a unique and exhilarating experience. But what starts out like a dream encounter with cutting edge technology quickly takes a turn for the sinister. Once the group are attacked by enemy combatants, they soon realize this is no game after all. Make a mistake here and you pay with your life. Now these masters of the shoot 'em up will have to fight for survival within a game gone bad, but this time it's for real. The ReZort, a post apocalyptic safari, offers paying guests the opportunity to kill zombies in the wake of an outbreak. In a dry and dusty post-apocalyptic world, two wayfarers wander aimlessly until Leif finds a copy of The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. Using the world around him to interpret what he reads, Leif allows the book to challenge the beliefs, friendship, and even the very survival of these two divergent travelers. After years of rotting in Joliet, Les, a wrongfully imprisoned street legend known as "The Ghoul", is released into a mad search through Chicago's back alleys for the man who slaughtered his mother and robbed him of his soul. Aided by mysterious benefactors, he must delve beneath the city into a modern labyrinth of gutters whose tendrils have grown deep while he was gone. What unfolds is a desperate tale of brute force tragedy set in the supernatural underworld of Chicago, where heroes are reduced to horror-shows, villains dream of their own demise, and good and evil prove to be antiquated concepts. An American family visiting their Irish roots accidentally stumbles on a horde of bloodthirsty mutant children. A science fiction thriller that takes place in 1968's Mexico and deals with identity in a metaphorical way, as the plot involves a mysterious condition that makes all persons locked inside a bus station on a rainy night to adopt the same face and features. The sequel to the 1987 cult hit The Lost Boys takes us to the shady surf city of Luna Bay, California, where vampires quickly dispatch anyone who crosses their path. Into this dark world arrive Chris Emerson (Hilgenbrink) and his younger sister, Nicole (Reeser). Having just lost their parents in a car accident, the siblings move in with their eccentric Aunt Jillian and become new prey... Ranmaru is a shy, dorky guy with a tongue that can analyze any element simply by licking an object, a skill that allows him to solve all manner of crimes. With his cute, but annoying sidekick Hikaru, plus the steadying hand of friend Kanji, Ranmaru solves a series of strange events at a failing hot spring resort deep in the mountains. Ranmaru falls in love with a doctor who saves his life. The loveable, endearing Ranmaru and his band of quirky pals team up to solve a nasty murder mystery that devastates the village. In another dimension of time and space- five anti heroes battle it out as their nefarious pursuits lead to the likely destruction of their B-grade universe. Dirk is an intergalactic drug smuggler who's cargo of spice is stolen by a sexy space pirate pirate named, Draca. Little does she know the lengths Dirk will go through to get his revenge. The spice itself is to be used in a exchange for weaponized microbes that are designed to destroy Iraqueefia- a planet made entirely of oil. A planet that is the sole energy source in their crappy, B-grade universe Taking advantage of the shooting of a film, gangsters stage a hold -up. A black man, Selim, is unfairly accused. On a quest to find out what happened to his missing brother, a scientist, his nephew and their mountain guide discover a fantastic and dangerous lost world in the center of the earth. A mild-mannered father is transformed into a killing machine after his family is torn apart by a violent act. In 2029, the elite police squad Illang combats a terrorist group opposing reunification of the two Koreas. But another enemy may be lurking nearby. When a rare phenomenon gives police officer John Sullivan the chance to speak to his father, 30 years in the past, he takes the opportunity to prevent his dad's tragic death.  After his actions inadvertently give rise to a series of brutal murders he and his father must find a way to fix the consequences of altering time. Hikers find a secret grove of extra-terrestrial marijuana and must fight for their lives when they anger the other-worldly forces protecting the plants. After the first manned mission to Mars ends in a deadly crash, mission controller Mackenzie 'Mack' Wilson assists an artificial intelligence system, A.R.T.I. Their investigation uncovers a mysterious object under the surface of Mars that could change the future of our planet as we know it. Following a worldwide event known as The Reset, humanity rebuilds a society with aging mechanics where gleaming technology once stood. Surveillance now the status quo, society is slowly putting its shattered pieces back together under a watchful eye. After a friend's suicide leaves behind a mysterious computer drive, a young computer prodigy and a shadowy hacker join together to decipher the clues that he's left behind. The youthful creators of Jackrabbit have successfully constructed a world, which we haven't previously seen on film. Mixing retro production design with slick storytelling, they deliver a cinematic dissonance that will result in a shock to the senses. A supernatural thriller directed by Todd Alcott who co-wrote the script with Holly Golden, and features Michael Rady and Toby Huss. Golden produced the film along with Ilan Arboleda. The film revolves around Lucy, who has a new husband, a new home and a new baby, but old ghosts won't let her be. She has dedicated her life to helping families break the cycle of abuse, so when she and her husband, Wade, see the echoes of a violent family tragedy in their home, Lucy tries to help the tortured souls break free of their torment and move on. She finds, however, that these ghosts don't want her help -- they want to lead Lucy and her family to their doom. The Artificial Intelligence Revolution is happening, and America is watching it on their Living Wall flat screens and Genius Phones. Homeland Security's Cyber Crime Division is the only thing trying to stop the 'bots and 'borgs from taking over. Two brothers return to the cult they fled from years ago to discover that the group's beliefs may be more sane than they once thought. An Irish road movie in space. Two down and out shuttle pilots take an important cargo from the Moon to Earth and all goes wrong. Along the way they discover they are not who they think they are forcing them to rethink their lives. Alien seeds hitch a ride to earth in a space shuttle crew and begin to grow. When their numbers reach the Threshold amount they will be an unstoppable swarm. The teenage girls of Vestalis Academy are meticulously trained in the art of being "clean girls," practicing the virtues of perfect femininity. But what exactly are they being trained for? Vivien intends to find out. After a UFO sighting near his hometown, a young boy runs away from home in hopes of making contact with the aliens. As he explores the mountainous desert terrain, he meets an eccentric ex-wrestler who is searching for a legendary lost treasure. The two join forces and continue on their journey together. After taking a new form of ecstasy, a psychopath goes through a mind bending trip causing him to feel and question his morality for the first time. The upcoming installment's story takes place amidst signs of postwar reconstruction in the winter of 2028. Tensions are rising in New Port City as demonstrations are held concerning the interests of foreign cartels. This leads to a shooting incident involving riot police. It all started with a cyberbrain infection released by the terrorist "Fire Starter." An independent offensive unit led by Makoto Kusanagi entrusts the suppression of the situation to their ghosts and aims for their own justice. Below the surface of the incident, lies the "tin girl" Emma and the "scarecrow man" Burinda Junior. As Kusanagi deals with the incident, she draws near to what those two ghosts were seeking. Highest rated and most viewed Dutch documentary of 2012. A free documentary about the rise of the surveillance state by Peter Vlemmix (@petervlemmix).  Synopsis: Control on our daily lives increases and privacy is disappearing. How is this exactly happening and in which way will it effect all our lives? When an ambitious ghost hunter performs a risky ritual, opening a portal to "the other side", he and his team quickly find themselves way in over their heads in a fight for survival against an ancient demonic force. 1000 years from now a young womans' life is at risk in a post nuclear sci-fi community as she investigates who controls and operates society and the economy. As she gets close to the truth the walls start to close in on her. An Amazon princess comes to the world of Man in the grips of the First World War to confront the forces of evil and bring an end to human conflict. Two addicts discover that exploring other people's dreams with the help of a machine can beat any drug. But the process holds more danger for both dreamer and "dreamwalker" than they could imagine. The Benders follows a normal housewife who is pulled from her own reality into another when she learns she has been living in a computer simulation her whole life. Aided by new friends and pursued by technical support personnel, Simone begins to ask what makes a person real. While produced on a micro-budget, the acting, special effects and cinematography scream of major motion picture. A surreal portray of the abandoned Russian settlement Pyramiden on Spitsbergen from the point of view of a traveller lost in space and time. Astraea, a quickly maturing teenager with clairvoyant visions, and her adult brother Matthew are traversing a lifeless continent after a plague has wiped out humanity. What would you do if you thought the world was ending? Plagued by terrifying nightmares, Francesca finds herself waking up in tears. Her Grandfather explains the legend of The Somnambulists - the spirits of people wronged in life possessing the living in their dreams. To make matters worse, the sleepy little town Francesca lives in is being terrorized by a deranged serial killer. As Francesca loses her grip on reality, she begins to realize that the legend of The Somnambulists may be more than just a legend. Thomas and his fellow Gladers face their greatest challenge yet: searching for clues about the mysterious and powerful organization known as WCKD. Their journey takes them to the Scorch, a desolate landscape filled with unimaginable obstacles. Teaming up with resistance fighters, the Gladers take on WCKD's vastly superior forces and uncover its shocking plans for them all. A crew from a paranormal reality television show lock themselves in a haunted psychiatric hospital. They search for evidence of paranormal activity as they shoot what ends up becoming their final episode. Nail-biting stunts abound in this documentary, which includes video of some true daredevils. This episode includes the only footage of a B.A.S.E. (Building, Antennae, Span, Earth) leap from New York City's World Trade Center. Also featured are men riding giant logs down a mountain, a woman with no safety line on an airplane wing and the tragic result when a group of friends jumps from a Florida bridge and their cable snaps.  To find Ilona and unlock the secrets of her disappearance, Karas must plunge deep into the parallel worlds of corporate espionage, organized crime and genetic research - where the truth imprisons whoever finds it first and miracles can be bought but at a great price. A university research scientist, about to lose funding and status, has a lab accident and discovers he can see people's true intentions -- making his situation even worse. Culcha Candela - Culcha Candela Live  A classic werewolf flick with an amphibious twist; it's a race against time to find the antidote when a girl is attacked and infected by an amphibious monster. This documentary short is a visual portrait of "Prairie Sentinels," the vertical grain elevators that once dotted the Canadian Prairies. Surveying an old diesel elevator's day-to-day operations, this film is a simple, honest vignette on the distinctive wooden structures that would eventually become a symbol of the Prairie provinces. A group of people are plunged into a dark, claustrophobic maze, where they must fight to survive, as the outside world watches.  Mona and her ex-girlfriend, Jules, broke up six months ago and they still can't manage to have a conversation that doesn't dissolve into an argument. It wouldn't be such a problem if they didn't work in neighboring retail shops and have to see each other every day. Meanwhile, something weird is going on with the residents of their small town. Some of them are getting sick, others are acting a little less human and a lot more like robots. Can Mona and Jules set aside their relationship drama long enough to avoid the body snatching invaders? The Black Death is ravaging Spain. As Camille Saint-Saens's "Danse Macabre" plays on the soundtrack, a mix of animation and acted scenes tells the story of Youth and Love meeting one night. They dance, embrace, and kiss. As the night wears on, exuberant Death, a skeletal figure with a violin, pursues the couple. They try to elude him. Eventually, Love swoons. Youth is powerless to protect her. Is she doomed? There are worlds, there are humans and there are Others. But there is only one Time which is the border between worlds. What if time breaks down? Reminiscence based on true events and physics, telling the story of a couple that trying to experiment the unproved parallel time and black-hole theories. They traveled to a town called Cesme for their research. But what they will face is much beyond the human mind. The first wave of an alien invasion coincides with a New Years Eve party in a Welsh valley. The non-spoken documentary from Martin H. Schmitt exploring the senses and evolution of robots, from a mechanical somnambulist to an autonomous sensorium. March 1965. In the heat of the Cold War, the USA and the USSR are competing for supremacy in space. What both superpowers aim for in this race, is to be the first to have a man walk in outer space. To accomplish that, no price is too high and no risk is too great.  Now it's up to the unlikely duo of a seasoned war veteran and a hot-headed test-pilot to fulfill this mission. Two men in a tiny spaceship, without proper testing, facing the complete unknown...  They were supposed to do what no man has done before - and no man imagined what would happen next... What would you do if you could change the past? Dr Henry Frankenstein is obsessed with assembling a living being from parts of several exhumed corpses. Two years after choosing not to kill the man who killed his son, former police sergeant Leo Barnes has become head of security for Senator Charlene Roan, the front runner in the next Presidential election due to her vow to eliminate the Purge. On the night of what should be the final Purge, a betrayal from within the government forces Barnes and Roan out onto the street where they must fight to survive the night. We are experiencing the biggest global crisis ever known. This is the world where Paco and Miguel live, two security guards who look after an old abandoned factory. Although they have been working at the factory for over 8 years, they have never exchanged a word. They only exchange night and day shifts - But, everything changes when they suddenly lose their jobs. They finally come together and they decide to build a machine to escape from that world Samuel Salomon, a literature professor, has been off work for almost a year after the tragic death of his girlfriend. Samuel has been suffering from a recurring nightmare in which a woman is brutally murdered in a strange ritual. Suddenly, the same woman who appears every night in his dreams is found dead in exactly the same circumstances. Samuel sneaks into the crime scene and there he meets Rachel who has also dreamed about the murder. Together, they will do whatever they can to discover the identity of the mystery woman, entering a terrifying world controlled by the figures who have inspired artists throughout time: the Muses. A diverse cast of characters deals with life changing issues in a variety of stories tied together by the location they all pass through. A cybernetic ninja must protect a feudal society of spaceship dwellers from a sadistic demon lord. Juan Lopez must balance an office job with heroic feats to save the love of his life and native planet Chiton. Mr. Normall adventuring parts of space and time and other dimensions. The US President and the UK Prime Minister are planning on launching a war in the Middle East, but--behind the scenes--government officials and advisers are either promoting the war or are trying to prevent it. Off duty from his job with the U.S. Forest Service, 30yo. Zach takes up a house sitting gig for his aunt and uncle. Spending time in a remote landscape, he reconnects with his ex-girlfriend Ellyn, working playfully to rekindle their old bond. Gradually, the two begin to experience a series of strange events and unexplainable phenomena.  Countering depictions of menacing beings and fear-based scenarios, A MORNING LIGHT will infer that extraterrestrial visitation stems from an ecological standpoint--nurturing the likelihood of benevolent curiosity.  Verite, atmosphere and experimental form combine in a quiet, psychologically tense exploration that assumes humanity is in its intellectual and spiritual infancy. Saburo is a high school student good in sports, but not very good with his studies. One day, Saburo travels back in time and arrives in the Sengoku period of 1549. There, Saburo meets Nobunaga Oda who looks and sounds just like Saburo. Nobunaga Oda is the son of a warlord and magistrate of the lower Owari Province. Nobunaga Oda though is physically weak and he asks Saburo to take his place. Then, Saburo as Nobunaga Oda attempts to unify the country of Japan. After a failed suicide attempt, a young man coping with loss and depression, submits to a series of trials that fine-tune human emotions, but his unique reaction to the tests send him on a journey that transcends both physical and perceived reality. Nova Zembla tells the gripping true story of the legendary failed mission of the late sixteenth century Dutch flotilla trying to find a trading route to Asia across the North Pole. The ship crew, who got stuck in the ice of Nova Zembla and had to survive the dark coldness of winter in the most gruesome of circumstances. An incredibly powerful story of determination, hardship and a triumph of the human spirit. The sixteenth century Dutch ship crew is leaving the port of Amsterdam and sailing to the northern arctic, where they get stuck in the ice. Two ships take part at the mission and captain De Rijp decides to return while he still can, while the other ship helmed by Willem Barentsz, stubbornly proceeds. It is the year 2052, on Earth, in Spain, and the final days of almost everything. The city is a string of abandoned construction sites. Everyday there are fewer people and not all of them are human. A sheep costs four and a half million pesetas and you have to spend a lot of bullets to pay for one. A father and his son. Sky and earth. A camera and something very hard to film: faith.  1976: Two young journalists leave for the French-Swiss border to investigate a strange case of cattle mutilations and record testimonies for a TV channel. Yet, once they get there, the scientific team they were supposed to meet has gone missing. Escorted by a first-aider, a British biologist and an American forensic investigator, Melissa and David will go looking for the missing team deep into the mountains. A group of friends awake one morning to find all electricity and power shut off and an immense alien aircraft hovering in the air above their heads. Suddenly this regular group of friends is battling to survive as the entire human race is threatened by the alien army hovering ominously above. As the Avengers and their allies have continued to protect the world from threats too large for any one hero to handle, a new danger has emerged from the cosmic shadows: Thanos. A despot of intergalactic infamy, his goal is to collect all six Infinity Stones, artifacts of unimaginable power, and use them to inflict his twisted will on all of reality. Everything the Avengers have fought for has led up to this moment - the fate of Earth and existence itself has never been more uncertain. A scientist becomes obsessed with returning his family to normalcy after a terrible accident. When their computer hacker friend accidentally channels a mysterious wireless signal, a group of co-eds rally to stop a terrifying evil from taking over the world. In a post-apocalyptic world where half the population is dead or missing and the sky is full of autonomous drones, a 16-year-old boy named Kitch sets out to find his father, joined by DR1, his drone companion. Ani Skywalker is in the dumps. His wife is dead. He's stuck in a bogus government he hates. He spends most of his time staring out into space, thinking about the good old days. But things are about to change for Ani as he sets off for adventure in the galaxy's biggest come-back... For Millennia the Aliien force has watched and waited, a brooding menace that has now at last decided to take over the Earth. Communications systems worldwide are sent into chaos by a strange atmospheric interference and this has turned into a global phenomenon. A massive spaceship headed towards Earth and smaller spaceships began to cover entire cities around the world. Suddenly, the wonder turns into horror as the spaceships destroy the cities with energy weapons. When the world counterattacks, the alien ships are invincible to military weapons.  The survivors have to use their wits to kill the aliens, or die. A group of friends, prompted by the frequent sightings of Unidentified Flying Objects or U.F.O.'s in Zambales in the mid-nineties, decide to take a trip to the province to retrace the legend of the sightings. They then befriend a local, who they presume is their age group, not knowing exactly who or what he is. Little do they know that the local will become the spark that would threaten to ruin the friendship that has already been strained with many things that have been left unsaid. A film by Star Blasting comic book artist Bill Hughes. In the future of our dreams, there lurks a villain from our nightmares. Matt Mercury and his Rocket Rangers encounter a mutant super-genius, called Professor Brainwave, who is on a mission to steal the Earth. Brainwave is from a mysterious region of space, known as the Alpha Zone and he is under the control of a giant one-eyed brain called the Galactic Mastermind. Mercury is more concerned about the affections of his half human, half house cat girlfriend, Mulkress Dunner. Pressure builds on Mercury when Mulkress is kidnapped, along with the Earth. Will Dr. Syfer's robotic Lima Beans save the day? Can a cranky robot, an ape scientist, an inarticulate Cyclops, a molten man in an iron mask, a self-absorbed battleship Captain, an eight-year-old boy or a disaffected girl side-kick do any better? Will Matt, see justice prevail... or at least get a call back from his girlfriend? The year is 1955. NATO and the Allied Forces have been conducting secret, occult experiments in a bid to win the Arms Race. Now, they have finally succeeded but what the Army has unleashed threatens to tear our world apart. One woman must lead the only survivors past horrors that the military has no way to control - and fight to close what should never have been opened. An embarrassing video of Anthony surfaces online right before his fifth high school reunion. The Smosh dudes then race to pull down the clip before it blows Anthony's chances of reconnecting with his teen crush Anna. Annie Dyer moves into a new apartment and quickly discovers she is not alone; a malevolent spirit repeatedly attempts to seduce her in order to possess her body as a vessel to carry out its vengeful mission. A middle aged American woman unexpectedly discovers her true origin after her parents died. Deeply moved, in the midst of an identity crisis, she decides to travel, hoping to find her birth mother whom she hads never known. She goes to a small and remote place in the South of Italy, Montedoro. Lily, a failing and fairly crap stand-up comedian, falls for Spike, a sexy physicist who enlists her to work on his teleportation machine, changing her life forever. A CIA operative interrogates a time-traveling terrorist. A brilliant but disturbed scientist freezes his children alive, while he races to cure their deadly genetic disease by decoding the DNA of the immortal Turritopsis jellyfish. Djata is a care-free 12-year-old growing up in a brutal dictatorship shut off from the outside world. When the government imprisons his father, Peter, and Djata and his mother Hannah are labeled traitors, the boy will not rest until he sees his father again. Ethan Wate just wants to get to know Lena Duchannes better, but unbeknownst to him, Lena has strange powers.  As Lena's 16th birthday approaches she might decide her fate, to be good or evil.  A choice which will impact her relationship forever. When America's fascination with living forever creates a viral outbreak, the Earth's population starts to reduce in stages. After the first four are completed, CHILDREN and TEENS are the only humans left in an apocalyptic world where they must not only fend for themselves against the virus, but against one another.  What would you do if life handed you the key to live forever? When America's fascination with looking young and living forever creates a viral outbreak, the Earth's population starts to reduce in stages. After the first four are completed, CHILDREN and TEENS are the only humans left in an apocalyptic world where they must not only fend for themselves against the virus, but also...each other. This is STAGE V. In a near future, the world order has changed. With its 10 millions of unemployed citizens, France has now become a poor country. Its people wavers between rebellion and resignation and find an outlet in the shape of TV broadcast ultra brutal fights in which the players are legally doped and unscrupulous. In the future, a band of misfits uncovers the saga of an infamous rock star. Their journey takes them deep into the legend surrounding the destruction of mankind's first colony on the Moon, as they fight the largest music entity to save rock 'n' roll. Recap of the Aoki Hagane no Arpeggio: Ars Nova TV series, with approximately 40 minutes of new material.  By 2039, global warming had caused sea levels to rise and large amount of territory to be lost. As though in response, a mysterious group of warships clad in mist, "the Fleet of Mist," appeared in every corner of the ocean, and began attacking human ships. In spite of humanity mustering all their strength, they were utterly defeated by the Mist's overwhelming force. All of humanity's trade routes were blockaded by the Fleet of Mist, their political economy was destroyed, and the human race was steadily beaten down. Seven years later, the Fleet of Mist's submarine I-401 appears before cadet Gunzo Chihaya. The humanoid life form that pilots the sub, who should be their enemy, is instead offering her services to mankind. Jack Woods is a simple man who finds himself in an extraordinary situation when he must rescue his estrange wife, Jill, from Genetically Modified killer trees. Jack soon finds himself the leader of a rag tag group of heroes out to save the world from the wildly spreading vegetation. Having fallen in love eight years ago, a young couple finds their engagement on the rocks. As they desperately cling to the foundations of their relationship, one man knows exactly how to start the fire to burn it down. An escapist hacker and his high-tech counterpart journey through surveillance state America, crossing frontiers that test their friendship and ignite a fight for independence. In a desperate search to create a follow-up to Joe Swanberg's 2011 film Uncle Kent, Kent Osborne travels to a comic book convention in San Diego where he loses his mind and confronts the end of the world. Trapped in a mysterious room with no escape, four brilliant minds race against time to prevent a cosmic collapse of the universe. They must learn to work together and solve the puzzle before it's too late. Set in the 22nd century, when a battered salvage ship sends out a distress signal, the seasoned crew of the rescue hospital ship Nova-17 responds. What they find is a black hole--that threatens to destroy both ships--and a mysterious survivor whose body quickly mutates into a monstrous and deadly form. The exciting story of Sam, a broken man who after the world ends from a massive Meteor shower and the death of his son, is forced to survive underground. He and his trusted friend Troy along with a young female Rose, are thrust on a journey that takes them into the darkest parts of the underground world where they find themselves on the run with a crew of rag tag yet heavily armed rangers. Hunted down by mutated creatures, bandits and cannibals alike, their undeniable defiance to return home is challenged, and an honest story emerges to reveal the heart of friendship in the face of death. Broken Darkness is a tale of selflessness, friendship and courage. The story of The Empire of Corpses takes place in 19th century Europe, and revolves around John Watson. He is scouted by the government to become a secret agent- However, Watson lives in a world where "Frankensteins"- human corpses that are re-purposed with a false soul in order to use them as laborers- are used to improve industrial development. Telly Paretta is a grieving mother struggling to cope with the loss of her 8-year-old son. She is stunned when her psychiatrist reveals that she has created eight years of memories about a son she never had. But when she meets a man who has had a similar experience, Telly embarks on a search to prove her son's existence, and her sanity. While testing the latest first person shooter from global game developer, Sentinel, video game champion Max Troy discovers the events happening within the game are being reflected in the real world. He soon determines that the game's protagonist is real-life Orson Creed, an ex-Sentinel employee who is being remotely controlled by the corporation for reasons unknown. As virtual and real worlds collide, Max and Creed must join forces to unravel the conspiracy before the game's sinister events escalate and overwhelm the city.  Before the church. Before the Gospels. Before the word Christian. There were the Apostles. This is their story.  In the Secret Lives Of The Apostles, meet the 12 men who transformed Christianity from humble beginnings to a major world movement.  They braved persecution, imprisonment and even crucifixion to convert their contemporaries.  But how did this humble band of insurgents set in motion events that ultimately convinced thousands to believe that Jesus was their messiah? A Trip Down Market Street is a 13-minute actuality film recorded by placing a movie camera on the front of a cable car as it travels down San Francisco's Market Street. A virtual time capsule from over 100 years ago, the film shows many details of daily life in a major American city, including the transportation, fashions and architecture of the era. The film begins at 8th Street and continues eastward to the cable car turntable, at The Embarcadero, in front of the San Francisco Ferry Building. It was produced by the four Miles brothers: Harry, Herbert, Earle and Joe. Harry J. Miles cranked the Bell & Howell camera during the filming. In the middle of a routine patrol, officer Daniel Carter happens upon a blood-soaked figure limping down a deserted stretch of road. He rushes the young man to a nearby rural hospital staffed by a skeleton crew, only to discover that patients and personnel are transforming into something inhuman. As the horror intensifies, Carter leads the other survivors on a hellish voyage into the subterranean depths of the hospital in a desperate bid to end the nightmare before it's too late. In 2307, a future soldier is sent on a mission to hunt down the leader of the humanoid rebellion.  Masami is a guitarist who dreams of his band "Rhythm Head" winning the Grand Prix at the Japan Music Carnival. History, and the warlords of 16th century feudal Japan are the very last thing on his mind. But when Rhythm Head are performing in Nagoya, a mysterious lightning strike causes not only a power blackout, but also a "time slip", in which two of Japan's preeminent samurai-era figures, Nobunaga Oda and Hideyoshi Toyotomi are transported to present day Japan. To Rhythm Head's manager, the duo are the perfect vehicle for the band to transition to an idol group, increase their chances of becoming famous, winning accolades and taking away the Japan Music Carnival top prize. Could this be the beginning of a new type of music, courtesy of a brand new band Samurai Rock? An aggressive race of aliens took over Planet Earth and humanity's at its end, living in giant bunkers below ground. Young Military rookie S.U.M.1 (Iwan Rheon) is sent to the surface to save a group of unprotected survivors. It tells the story of young married couple who become chicken farmers. Betty has been raised to follow her husband's dreams with him, and Bob's dream is to be a successful chicken farmer. The problem is their home is old and needs to be repaired and the baby chicks need constant care. When a rich single woman with a new house and new farm equipment flirts with Bob, Betty questions their decision to move to the farm in the first place. Russia 2017. The world could be on the verge of a great war. People are anxious that things could fall apart. Evolving around an unfinished building, a diverse group of outsiders struggle to find their place in this rapidly changing society, making up the mosaic of existence that is life itself... A young tech worker takes a job at a powerful Internet corporation, quickly rises up the company's ranks, and soon finds herself in a perilous situation concerning privacy, surveillance and freedom. She comes to learn that her decisions and actions will determine the future of humanity. Set in the late 21st century, an MRI scanner is introduced at the National Research Institute of Police Science's 9th Forensics Laboratory. The machine is able to scan the memories from even the deceased. As ethical questions arise over the machine's use, the 9th Forensics Laboratory members, including rookie Ikko Aoki and Chief Tsuyoshi Maki, struggle to solve cases. The human race is thrown into chaos as an alien invasion takes control of the planet in an effort to find one boy out of 7 billion people who holds the power to destroy them. A sweeping overview of humanity's accomplishments in space, as well as our ongoing activities and future plans. Join the pack in this wild, warmhearted and totally pawsome adventure starring everyone's favorite alphas and omegas! It's time for "The Great Wolf Games," when all the alphas in the packs set aside their differences for some friendly competition. When an unexpected accident puts many of our pack's star alpha wolves out of commission, a new team is assembled that includes forest friends not in the pack. Can Coach Humphrey lead his ragtag group of "underdogs" to victory? Find out in this thrilling movie that will leave you howling for more! Bill is a reluctant astronaut in a fascist society. Directed by a different Matthew Price than the MAMO host, this film  follows a team of programmers develop a revolutionary new dating app called Other Halves. On the night before the app is set to launch, they discover it causes strange side effects: users lose all self-control, becoming amoral, lascivious, violent... evil. They consider shutting the app down, but... Evil is profitable. What would you do if you gained a power you didn't ask for? Jex is a typical 14 year old boy who get's picked on by the neighborhood kids. One day as he is riding his bike he see's a mysterious comet fly by that crash's close to him.Jex runs over to it and touches it and his life is never the same. He notices himself getting much stronger and faster and able to create and control energy. But a gift like that cant hide from the Government. When government agents looking for the downed satellite realize some kid just took their secret weapon they call to use all resources to track him down to dispose of him. As the agents get closer, Jex is on the run and finds help in another kid that has the same powers that is also being chased by the government. They team up to share their powers and share their stories they both realize they cant run forever and with their gifts they take it back to agents that are chasing them. A ship was found drifting with its crew massacred on the coast of the Gaspe ... It's consternation! In the process, an ambitious journalist, helped a young museum professional archivist rather shy and sedentary, discovers that a collector of maritime objects with dubious intentions may be linked to this terrible story. Then begins a race against time to find out who is this mysterious diver decimating everything in its path to achieve its goals and recover valuable documents looted the wreck of the "Princess of the North", where he found death, 100 years ago ... VESTIGE is a revealing of human crave and interconnection amid the fraught race against time of another collapsing species - the rhinoceros.  In the embattled provinces surrounding Kruger National Park, South Africa, a network of individuals risk their lives everyday to save the planet's last remaining black and white rhinos - including a Zulu bush tracker, the world's largest private rhino owner, a frontline anti-poaching unit and a non-profit organisation striving to empower local communities. As poachers continue to destabilise their environment, VESTIGE investigates the gripping realities of human life and philosophy amid a disappearing species. Martial law reigns over the city. On a routine check for terrorist activity in a high-rise apartment building, Hawkins, a capable police officer, and Argus, her heavily armoured android partner, stumble on a transaction they assume is the illegal narcotic fleck. But then, strange things begin to happen to the building and its residents. Set in a futuristic Japan after the end of a brutal world war, science has advanced by leaps and bounds giving humanity the choice to prolong life and reduce suffering with the use of sophisticated cybernetics. With all of humanity linked into one system of minds and personalities known as ghosts, the biggest threat to civilization is the cyber terrorists capable of hijacking people's bodies and memories. When a ghost-infecting virus known as Fire-Starter begins spreading through the system resulting in the assassination of the Japanese Prime Minister, Major Motoko Kusanagi and her elite team of special operatives are called in to track down its source. As they delve deeper and deeper into their investigation, they uncover traces of government corruption and a shadowy broker that bears an all-too-familiar face.  The film is a continuation to the plot of the Pyrophoric Cult episode of Arise, and ties up loose ends from that arc. A surreal dark comedy set inside a virtual environment, Emergence is a film about the corruption of consumerism and the nature of reality. A number of 'missing person' cases are reported in Phoenix, Arizona when an unexplained light appears in the sky one night in 1997. Auggie runs a small tobacco shop in Brooklyn, New York. The whole neighborhood comes to visit him to buy cigarettes and have some small talk. During the movie Lou Reed tries to explain why he has to have a cut on his health insurance bill if he keeps smoking and Madonna acts as a Singing Telegram. Three Worlds is a psychological genre-bending drama that explores the three lives, or 'worlds,' of a man who undergoes an experiment that triggers haunting memories and alternate life memories. Following the end of a stormy love affair, Expressionist artist Oskar Kokoschka enlists in the First World War. After suffering serious injuries in battle, he experiences a series of memories and visions as medics transport him through the forests of the Russian front. Playful and imaginative, I'm OK explores the wounds of heartbreak and trauma. Inspired by the life and art of Oskar Kokoschka (1886-1980). Held captive in a futuristic smart house, a woman hopes to escape by befriending the A.I. program that controls the house. Creepy found- footage horror about a grad student whose research into video chat culture quickly takes a dark and unsettling turn. Starring Melanie Papalia (2016)(74 mins). The passengers of a luxury airliner become stranded on a remote, mysterious island after an emergency landing. They soon realize the island holds a dark, deadly secret. A young scientist discovers a malevolent entity which sets her on a bloody descent into the jaws of insanity. Set in the '50s in a movie theatre showing a serial called "Space Patrol," this particular episode being "Back from the Future." The evil scientist on the serial goes back to the '50s and his crew members have to chase him. Meanwhile at the theatre, patrons busy themselves doing strange things. An alien has landed and is eliminating theatre staff and patrons. After his beloved fiancee is killed by demons, Yi Gwak (Woo-sung Jung) joins the royal demon-hunting squad and distinguishes himself as a great hero. And though Yi eventually falls in battle, his adventures are just beginning. His spirit is whisked away to Joong-cheon, a place between heaven and earth where souls await reincarnation -- and where the final, epic clash between the forces of good and evil will be played out. Greta's dad Tom is moving the family cross-country in a dented station wagon, promising a California paradise to his kids. All that's missing is Mom. Friends since childhood, Eric, Dana and Frank have insatiable curiosity about the unknown driving them to experimentation in paranormal. This ultimately leads to an incident that so frightens and overwhelms them it causes a twelve-year rift in their relationship. Now after finding new evidence, the three reunite. It's time to finish their work and put an end to unanswered questions. Maxine works at a factory making haptic inputs. After she steals one her favorite rabbit-ninja game beats skills directly into her muscle memory. When a fellow haphead causes her father's death she uses her new deadly skills to investigate. This is a story about a common man who has extraordinary events in his mundane life. The film depicts the protagonist's turns of events in three eras, three seasons, three nights, in the same city, as told with reverse chronology. There are worlds, there are humans and there are Others. But there is only one Time which is the border between worlds. What if time breaks down? Reminiscence based on true events and physics, telling the story of a couple that trying to experiment the unproved parallel time and black-hole theories. They traveled to a town called Cesme for their research. But what they will face is much beyond the human mind.  What are The Ingress Tapes? The ramblings of a violent fantasist? Or the taped confession of a multiple murderer who was never caught? Documentary or Fiction? Watch The Ingress Tapes and then wish you hadn't.   What have past acts of destruction taught us about what will happen to mankind after the apocalypse? Is it inevitable that disaster will someday strike America on an unprecedented level? How has history prepared us? History's most dramatic events--Hiroshima, 9/11, Hurricane Katrina and others--are examined and analyzed with hard data gathered from their massive aftereffects. The disappearance of water and food supplies, the effects of deteriorated sanitation and health care on the remaining population, and the increased use of violence as a means of survival--all illustrate how societies have responded and survived.  With the space program attempting to travel to Mars, 21st century scientists were tasked with warming up the planet so that humans could survive on its surface. They came up with an efficient and cost effective plan of sending cockroaches and mold to the surface so that the mold would absorb the sunlight and the insect corpses would serve as a food source for the mold.  It is now the year 2577 and the first manned ship to Mars has landed on the planet and the six crew members are ready for their mission. But what they find are giant mutated humanoid cockroaches with incredible physical strength. The crew members are easily wiped out, but not before sending a transmission back to Earth. Now, humanity will send elite warriors to exterminate the mutated bugs and claim back Mars. A rookie cop is tasked with shadowing Officer Downe, a no-nonsense LAPD cop with regenerative powers, as he wages an ultra-violent war against the nefarious villains of Los Angeles. Set in the year 2265. There is a small restaurant along the main road Galaxy Kaido, which connects Earth and the space colony Uzushio. Doobie Jones has two strikes against him. The ex-con is faced with the dilemma of a lifetime. After turning his community into a walking dead hoodpocalypse, Doobie has a tough decision to make. He can stand and fight Zombies to the death with his big sister Kenya and friend Tracy or he run like hell. By the start of World War II, Paul Robeson had given up his lucrative mainstream work to participate in more socially progressive film and stage productions. Robeson committed his support to Paul Strand and Leo Hurwitz's political semidocumentary Native Land. With Robeson's narration and songs, this beautifully shot and edited film exposes violations of Americans' civil liberties and is a call to action for exploited workers around the country. Scarcely shown since its debut, Native Land represents Robeson's shift from narrative cinema to the leftist documentaries that would define the final chapter of his controversial film career. Had the poor melancholy Dane, Hamlet, lived in this, the twentieth century, he would never have given voice to the remark, "Oh, that this too, too solid flesh would melt, thaw and resolve itself into a dew!" No indeed! He would have procured some of the mysterious fluid compounded by an erudite scientist by which things animate and inanimate were rendered non est, for ten minutes at least, by simply spraying them with it. In an atomizer, he sends a quantity, accompanied by a letter, to his brother. In the hope of his putting it on the market. The brother regards it as a joke, and, while toying with the atomizer, accidentally sprays himself. Presto! he is gone, to the amazement of the messenger boy who has carried the package thither. The boy reads the letter, and at once sees the amount of fun he can get out of it, so he nips it. Navy SEAL Lieutenant A.K. Waters and his elite squadron of tactical specialists are forced to choose between their duty and their humanity, between following orders by ignoring the conflict that surrounds them, or finding the courage to follow their conscience and protect a group of innocent refugees. When the democratic government of Nigeria collapses and the country is taken over by a ruthless military dictator, Waters, a fiercely loyal and hardened veteran is dispatched on a routine mission to retrieve a Doctors Without Borders physician. Volume 1 of the Midnight Ramble Sessions from Levon Helm Studios. Featuring The Levon Helm Band with Jonnie Johnson (Chuck Berry), Dr. John, Little Sammy Davis (Earl Hooker, Ike Turner), Jon Smith (The White Trash Horn Section, Edgar and Jonnie Winters), Jimmy Vivino (Max Weinberg Seven, Al Kooper), Larry Campbell (Bob Dylan), Mike Merritt (Max Weinberg Seven), Eric Lawrence, Steven Bernstein, Amy Helm, Glen Patscha, Fiona McBain, Byron Isaacs, Tony Leone, Sean Costello, Andrew Shober, Fred Scribner. The music is soulful and bluesy, layered with rich vocal accompaniment and slick musical arrangements, and grounded by the roots this music grew from. Volume one features the harmonica legend and blues singer Little Sammy Davis at the top of his game. A young woman returns to the secluded, abandoned psychological research facility where her deceased mother once worked. Accompanied by three friends, she discovers that the ghosts of the past have found their way to the present when the hospital's legacy of experimentation and madness tears away all known bounds of time, memory and space. A British writer struggles to fit in at a high-profile magazine in New York. When a medical experiment turns into a blood-soaked nightmare, the only surviving subject flees for her life. Painfully missing her most precious memories of childhood, pummelled by horrific hallucinations, and pursued by those who stand to profit from her damaged brain, Amber Sheridan embarks on a cross-country road trip to track down a mysterious stranger - a man who has the ability to end Amber's madness, and restore the memories that have been stolen from her. Recent college graduates joyride in a stolen cop car only to uncover a secret that will doom mankind. UFO sightings are reported in northeastern Guatemala. Rober Daneri a frustrated college professor along with the production team of a sensationalist TV show embark on a supernatural journey across the thin boundary between blind faith, self-delusion and the unknown in search of truth. The action now takes place miles away from the original location and partly in broad daylight, giving the film an entirely fresh yet disturbing new reality. The infection has left the building. In a clever twist that draws together the plots of the first two movies, this third part of the saga also works as a decoder to uncover information hidden in the first two films and leaves the door open for the final installment, the future '[REC] 4 Apocalypse.' A twist on the classic game of Mafia. 12 competitors take part in a game of life and death where the innocent must take out the Mafia in order to win the cash prize. Those that are voted out must face their biggest fears in a computer simulation. A fractured family, caught in a deadly lightning storm, is forced to come together to save their lives. A middle-aged couple has a drifter enter their lives. The fish-store owners find that the mysterious young man awakens the couple in ways they didn't expect. Things get tense when the drifter begins an affair with the woman of the house. A movie star finds his correspondence with an 11-year-old actor exposed, prompting assumptions that begin to destroy his life and career. A Man and a Woman wander through a hostile wilderness in a far-away world. One day, they stumble upon a mysterious set of Structures, which will complicate their lives both for good and ill. Thomas leads his group of escaped Gladers on their final and most dangerous mission yet. To save their friends, they must break into the legendary Last City, a WCKD-controlled labyrinth that may turn out to be the deadliest maze of all. Anyone who makes it out alive will get answers to the questions the Gladers have been asking since they first arrived in the maze. Neighbors in a block wake one morning to find they have been sealed inside their apartments. Can they work together to find out why? Or will they destroy each other in their fight to escape? The satellite has vanished and the only clue is a trail leading to a small village nestled on the outskirts of forest line. As the team begins to investigate they quickly discover that something else came back from space, something not of this world. As their time runs out, the team must battle to unlock the terrifying truth behind the ill-fated mission. Entropy is the semi-autobiographical film by director which tells the story of a young director struggling to make a film for a despotic studio while his life falls apart around him. Along the way, he goes on tour with U2 to help them make a music video, gets married in Vegas, and has a conversation with his cat. Since 2012 reports of strange sounds coming from the sky have flooded social media, now Adam, a recluse, struggling with his own demons, believes whatever is causing them has followed him home. When a litter of dalmatian puppies are abducted by the minions of Cruella De Vil, the parents must find them before she uses them for a diabolical fashion statement. A corporate risk-management consultant must determine whether or not to terminate an artificial being's life that was made in a laboratory environment. Set in the near future where Rhett Murphy and his estranged sister Jean are forced to flee from a militant police state after witnessing the dark secrets of a nefarious corporation.  Selene Hollow After the earth's water supply is depleted, the survivors form roving road gangs, armed to the teeth and desperate to find and protect water supplies. But when a new breed of blood-drinking humans emerges, the survivors must contend with a whole new threat to their existence. When Sarah walks alone along the desolate beach one day she find an unconscious man, who has been brought to land by the waves. When he awakens he doesn't remember anything. He has no name and no past. His dependence lies on Sarah. A role that makes her forget her loneliness and she decides to therefore lie about their situation... She says that they are situated on an island, where no one can reach them. From now, his life lies in her hands. In the year 2033, a young girl trapped in a mysterious orphanage recklessly travels back in time to find her parents and amend her past. Orbiting above a planet on the brink of war, scientists test a device to solve an energy crisis and end up face-to-face with a dark alternate reality. Aided by an ex-military officer, a young woman becomes an unwitting fugitive after discovering that her son's catatonic state may be at the heart of a global conspiracy. In the future, a strange fungus has changed nearly everyone into a thoughtless, flesh-eating monster. When a scientist and a teacher find a girl who seems to be immune to the fungus, they all begin a journey to save humanity. A man who figures out the hard way agoraphobia isn't his biggest problem. The countdown to terror has begun. Astronaut Eli Cologne became the first man on Mars, but something went horribly wrong. Infected by an alien organism, he returned to Earth a savage monster with an unquenchable thirst for human flesh. Since the 1940's alien beings known as "GRAYS" have been sighted around the globe with the thought that they visit our planet to study our species and civilization before they eventually invade...but what if we're wrong? What if they are only here to protect us? After a meteorite crashes to earth awakening the extraterrestrial creature within, a young woman is abducted by an alien "GRAY" to aide in hunting down and destroying the creature before it can reach a second meteorite that fell to earth decades earlier unleashing its deadly infestation of earth. The Mind's Eye follows a drifter with telekinetic abilities who targets a doctor who is creating a synthetic telekinetic power serum. When Rebecca left home, she thought she left her childhood fears behind. Growing up, she was never really sure of what was and wasn't real when the lights went out...and now her little brother, Martin, is experiencing the same unexplained and terrifying events that had once tested her sanity and threatened her safety. A frightening entity with a mysterious attachment to their mother, Sophie, has reemerged. A young street magician is left to take care of his little sister after his mother's passing and turns to drug dealing in the Los Angeles party scene to keep a roof over their heads. When he gets into trouble with his supplier, his sister is kidnapped and he is forced to rely on both his sleight of hand and brilliant mind to save her. After the first manned mission to Mars ends in a deadly crash, mission controller Mackenzie 'Mack' Wilson assists an artificial intelligence system, A.R.T.I. Their investigation uncovers a mysterious object under the surface of Mars that could change the future of our planet as we know it. He Jianhao is released from the Boys' Home and his mother Huifang, is worried that he would be led astray again. Thus, she wants him to look after her stall in Bugis under her stepsister's supervision. Jian Hao's girlfriend Shanshan also manages to convince him to retake his O-levels. Jian Hao is getting back on the right path and his future seems promising. Jianhao's friend, Zach, joined a gang Yi Ren Tang to get protection as he is always bullied by Alex. Wang Guodong is a gang leader of 660 and also the father of Alex. Jianhao joined the Yi Ren Tang after much persuasion from Zach... The daughter of a billionaire tech mogul questions her own memories about her mothers death after being kidnapped by a stranger. A single mom tries to break free from a mysterious organization that has abducted her.  An African-American model on a film shoot in Ghana is transported into the body of a slave on a Southern plantation. During the Cold War, an organization called "Patriot" created a super-hero squad, which includes members of multiple soviet republics. For years, the heroes had to hide their identities, but in hard times they must show themselves again. The TARDIS materialises in Earth's future on a space beacon just before it is attacked by pirates. The travellers find themselves trapped in a sealed section of the beacon. It is blown apart and flown to where the pirates will plunder it of the precious mineral argonite. They witness a conflict between the pirates and the Interstellar Space Corps, led by General Hermack and Major Warne.  The ISC are convinced that the pirates' mastermind is an innocent yet eccentric space mining pioneer named Milo Clancey, while their true leader is a man named Caven. Caven has a secret base on the planet Ta. He is assisted by Madeleine Issigri, daughter of Clancey's ex-partner Dom, who - unknown to her - is now his captive.  When Madeleine discovers Caven's full treachery, she helps to bring him to justice. The time travellers are given a lift back to the TARDIS by Clancey in his rickety old ship, the LIZ 79. Set in the small town of Devil's Gate, North Dakota, the film examines the disappearance of a local woman and her young son. Schull plays an FBI agent who helps the local sheriff search for answers. Partnering with a deputy , they track down the missing woman's husband and find that nothing is as it seems. In a not too distant future, a totalitarian state run by 'The Director" (Seagal) controls all aspects of life. All enemies of the state are dealt in the harshest way. Most of them are executed by the secret government's assassins. The best operative is code-named "Condor" (Messner) - an elite agent and hit man for the government. However, in his latest assignment, "Condor" fails to kill an opposition leader, and finds himself on the run from the very same government agency that he works for. This sets in motion a chain of events with unforseen consequences for all involved. A medicine woman - a giver of life - is asked to hide a secret which may protect one life but which will destroy another. International Flight 42 is on course, when all of a sudden a massive and weird storm crops up around the plane. This sends the plane back in time to the year 1940- smack dab in the middle of WWII! Now, the crew and passengers must not only find a way back to their time, but fight off the Axis powers. A witty comic book reviewer gears up to save the world from the forces of ultimate evil. As a solar storm unfolds, causing power surges and blackouts, a storm of emotions rages within Regina, a spinster referred to as Fraulein, when a childlike sexagenarian checks into her hotel. What should be one night becomes a stormy coexistence all its own. Adventure - Young Danny Johnson (Elliott Mihm) must use his smarts and adventurous spirit to stop devious, pint-sized aliens and their unstoppable robot from brainwashing the children of Earth as a precursor to worldwide domination in writer/director Christopher R. Mihm's retro-styled, sci-fi take on classic family films! -  Elliott Mihm, Gabrielle Bilotta, Michael Cook Being kidnapped shatters a brother and sister's harmony, forcing them to confront their desires.  In a near future, due to the effects of an uncompromising law on the eco-sustainability of supports, paper has become a rare item, a luxury possession, controlled by the "Big Z": Zimurgh Corporation. Follows the lives of several gay youths and adults as they discover a world of the odd, the erotic and the supernatural. A man, who years earlier mysteriously abandoned his family and isolated himself in a small northern town, returns for one last chance to reconnect with his troubled daughter. When she goes missing, he risks everything to find her, including exposing the fact that he is becoming invisible. Armed with laser guns and wit, Pete Winning and his rag-tag crew navigate a flooded earth in the not-too-distant future. Braving mutants, pirates and the seas, they search for the self-crowned evil Queen's coveted maps of the new world. Iris is haunted by a mysterious stalker and her own dreams. FBI agents surround Iris while bodies stack up around her. A modern day Dr. Jekyll and Ms. Hyde, Iris tries to survive as she is hunted by the very agency that created her. Ren Amari is the driven inventor of a revolutionary new drug. OtherLIfe expands the brain's sense of time and creates virtual reality directly in the user's mind. With OtherLife, mere seconds in real life feel like hours or days of exciting adventures. As Ren and her colleagues race around the clock to launch OtherLife, the government muscles in to use the drugs as a radical solution to prison overcrowding. They will create virtual cells where criminals serve long sentences in just minutes of real time. When Ren resists, she finds herself an unwilling guinea pig trapped in a prison cell in her mind. She must escape before she descends into madness, and then regain control of OtherLife before others suffer the same fate. A girl seeks help and guidance from a robot monster to cope with the bullies at school and her father's new girlfriend. After a deadly virus wipes out most of humanity, the survivors are forced to wait alone in self-sustaining bunkers while the viral threat runs its course. Able to communicate through a networked video interface, the survivors wait for years and slowly become a motley family of sorts. But their fragile social ecosystem is shattered when, one by one, they start mysteriously disappearing from their bunkers. On the run in the year 1987, Bumblebee finds refuge in a junkyard in a small Californian beach town. Charlie, on the cusp of turning 18 and trying to find her place in the world, discovers Bumblebee, battle-scarred and broken.  When Charlie revives him, she quickly learns this is no ordinary yellow VW bug. It follows a doctor who faces both a scandal and a moral dilemma when a patient of his dies while he is making love to a press magnate's daughter. In the future the Empire of Mortemonde has enslaved almost all nations on Earth. Each month everyone is forced to play the virtual reality computer game Battledream. Only those who reach a score of 1000 points are allowed to live one more month. And on top of that you can also really die in the game. Impenetrable firewalls make sure that nobody can cheat or break the codes. Syanna Meridian, a fearless young slave, decides to fight this inhuman system, together with her devoted friend Alytha Mercuri. There's only one free nation left on the planet, Sablereve, but its leaders prefer to run rather than to fight. It's up to Syanna to convince them to join her, but to achieve that she has to win one final game against the best players of Mortemonde, Isaac Ravengorn and Alexander Torquemada. An American scientist who was convicted of killing and cannibalizing two colleagues in the jungles of Flores, Indonesia in 1977.  Branded "The American Cannibal" by the press during his trial, Dr. Timothy Darrow defended himself by claiming a mythic human-ape creature was responsible for the murders.  The news outlet documented an indigenous tribe on Flores, the very same island where the hobbit remains were discovered, which had its own accounts of little wild men that stood just over three feet tall, climbed trees, walked on two feet and thrived on cannibalism. And according to the local legend, those creatures may never have died out at all.  Follow an expedition team deep into the heart of Flores Island to investigate Dr. Timothy Darrow's claims and find out once and for all if hobbits still exist in the deepest, most remote realms of the Indonesian jungle. Hana Ichii attends a school that she admired since she was a child. One day, she wakes up and finds herself locked in a cage with her classmates. They are forced to take part in a survival game using their cellphones. The survivors of the first Waxwork must use a portal through time to defeat the evil that has followed them and turned their lives upside down. Helen tries to cope with the recent death of her husband, a scientist who killed himself right when he was on the verge of successfully completing the invention of a time machine. One day, she receives a phone call, and a voice suspiciously resembling her own voice warns her that she's in danger. Is it possible Helen has time travelled? And what could have led her to do something like that? 5 Professional Freestyle Mountain Bikers teamed up with Mindspark Cinema to produce a unique and never seen before freestyle film to raise awareness and funds for Cystic Fibrosis. A married man's one night stand comes back to haunt him when that lover begins to stalk him and his family. After witnessing a strange explosion, Shinnosuke Tomari is later visited by a young man claiming to be his son Eiji Tomari from the year 2035. Eiji warns Shinnosuke that a year from now, Mr. Belt's AI will go berserk and lead to the Roidmudes overtaking humanity. However, Shinnosuke cannot immediately deal with this new information when the evil Kamen Rider Dark Drive also comes from the future, causing enough mayhem that leads to Shinnosuke being framed for it and becoming the public's most wanted. The sequel picks up eight years since the opening night tragedy of HELL HOUSE LLC and still many unanswered questions remain. Thanks to an anonymous tip, an investigative journalist is convinced that key evidence is hidden inside the abandoned Abaddon Hotel - evidence that will shed light on the hotel's mysteries and many unsolved deaths and disappearances. She assembles a team to break into the hotel in hopes of discovering the truth. But the source of the tip and the secrets of the Abaddon Hotel are more horrifying than any of them could have imagined. The insurance salesman Vincent Baumann, a cold-blooded careerist and minion of a merciless system, becomes a victim of the very corporations he is representing. Degraded to a henchman he grimly struggles to get back on the job market. He fights to climb the social ladder. In the process he realizes that there are other values than income and success. He decides against his previous ideology and for another human being, for Lisa Sokulowa. They don't have a future. But they celebrate a small triumph against the dominance of the ruling system. More than a year has passed since the world found out about Ceres II, a dwarf planet on a clean course to devastate earth. The initial chaos that ensued has diminished; in the final weeks leading up to impact, people everywhere are trying to live normal everyday lives just one last time. Four friends use their final days to fulfill their bucket lists and document it in hopes of preserving a time capsule they call the "Rocket List". The plan is to fire off their documentary into outer space before impact in hopes that one day someone will find it. A reclusive programmer, his sister and her new boyfriend are held hostage by a rapidly evolving computer virus. An astronomer who works at the Mexican Large Millimeter Telescope discovers a misterious signal coming from the Cygnus constellation, which starts causing strange events at the observatory. Like a noise rock Brave New World with echoes of Alphaville, this gorgeous black and white vision of Japan after a nuclear disaster pits chaos against control and secret agents against an oppressive government agency. A detached university student faces the consequences of astral projection when he uses it to reconnect with his dead mother. A damaged homicide detective (Johnny Messner) must prevent a grieving father from unleashing a "robotic virus" that he believes will destroy the terrorist cell that murdered his son, but at an unimaginable cost. For his first feature-length film the widely exhibited New Zealand photographer Gavin Hipkins invests a richly pictorial essay with the 21st-century resonance of Samuel Butler's lively utopian satire Erewhon, written in 1872. A deep sea submersible pilot revisits his past fears in the Mariana Trench, and accidentally unleashes the seventy foot ancestor of the Great White Shark believed to be extinct. 1000 years from now a young womans' life is at risk in a post nuclear sci-fi community as she investigates who controls and operates society and the economy. As she gets close to the truth the walls start to close in on her. Strange other-worldly sounds are echoing around the world. A group of researchers, led by expert ufologist Lorraine Gardner, begin an expedition to track down the point of origin from which the sounds emerge. Yet as their journey deepens, they begin to discover more than they bargained for. While desperately searching for his missing daughter, Hae-kwan comes across an AI satellite robot that remembers sounds from all over the world. Rejuvenated by the robot's abilities, Hae-kwan begins to track down his daughter's voice. As they continue their journey, they form an unforgettable bond. A Science Fiction feature about a young woman who, tormented with guilt after her involvement in a random tragic incident, travels back in time across all timelines in the hope of redeeming herself. A loyal dog follows his master to the front in World War One. Sci-fi blockbusters beware as this wickedly funny satire parodies some of Hollywood's biggest thrillers, including THE X-FILES, MEN IN BLACK, SLITHER, and A FIRE IN THE SKY. A mysterious ball of fire falls from the sky and crashes in the woods outside a vacation cottage occupied by four college friends. Unbeknownst to them they just witnessed what could be the end of all mankind. After a toxic spill creates an infectious outbreak, causing people to be filled with rage and turning to cannibalism, four survivors converge upon a house nestled deep in the woods. Together, they must try to survive the madness happening outside, the uncertainty and each other. As things become more grim, hope fades and supplies run low, people's true selves begin to show. The four must try to survive the monsters outside and within. Elango and his astrologer friend Pulivetti Arumugam come in possession of a time machine and start profiting from it. However, their meddling with time prevents the death of a gangster, who begins to wreck havoc in their lives.  After a terrible virus ravages human civilization, Ann finds herself living alone in a forest, foraging for supplies, and accompanied only by a radio that broadcasts a single transmission in French. Few animals even remain; the only survivors seem to be the roving hordes of infected creatures with a taste for human flesh. One fateful day, Ann crosses paths with two more survivors, Chris and Olivia. But after surviving on her own for so long, she struggles to relate to them and and their desire to settle down and start a new community. A group of students become trapped inside a mysterious cave where they discover time passes differently underground than on the surface.  A group of middle school kids stumble upon a chest full of incredible toys from the future. The discovery takes them on an adventure using their newfound toys to save their neighborhood and ultimately the world from a maniacal corporate madman. In the process, these "loser" kids learn they have the qualities they thought they were lacking all along. Over a quarter of a century since it began and a decade after it folded, this is the definitive film about Creation Records, one of the world's most successful and colorful independent labels. This is the story of the rock n roll dream and its accompanying nightmares. Millions of sales on both sides of the Atlantic, near bankruptcy, pills, thrills, spats, prats, success, excess, pick me ups, breakdowns and of course some of THE defining music of the late 20th Century. This is the definitive and fully authorised story of the UK's most inspired and dissolute label, from the Jesus &amp; Mary Chain at the Living Room to Oasis at Knebworth. A young American writer completes his service in WWI and travels across Europe with his wife and her attractive Italian girlfriend. Based on the novel by Ernest Hemingway. A year after the boys crossed dimensions, discovered magic and battled the restoring demon, they are back home in Bremin and are struggling with everyday teenage life. Felix has high hopes for the four heroes. He wants them to push the limits of their magical ability, working as a team to become masters of the arcane. But although he's unwilling to admit it, the boys have grown apart. The boys, once in perfect magical and elemental alignment, are a tangle of rivalry and distrust.  On the verge of separating, the Nowhere Boys are drawn together for one last spell when Felix discovers a magically sealed 'Book of Shadows'. Unwittingly this releases a powerful force of chaos, and the gang is reluctantly drawn into a showdown that threatens their world and all they love... The budget for the program to colonize Mars was so drastically cut back that settlements never appeared on the faraway planet. Now the only reminder of the ambitious plan is an abandoned base inhabited by a very lonely robot. The silence and tranquility of the red planet is eventually disturbed, however, by a privately-funded Czech crew, whose members have taken on the mission for very different reasons... Specialists gather in a top-secret facility to investigate a series of strange deaths on beaches along the Atlantic Ocean. One of the team's scientists examines video evidence to uncover a possible parasitic explanation for the fatalities. But when a determined detective sends her the crazed writings of a mysterious homeless man, the scientist slowly learns that the actual threat may be more dangerous -- and far older -- than anyone ever imagined. Can she convince her colleagues of the true danger before an ancient force rises from the sea to bring madness and death to all of humanity? Combining ancient designs discovered on the Silk Road, and an enigmatic natural power called the Origin, Zhang Meng created Arti-C, a powerful mechanical man made of wood and metal. Having stirred up fears, he was accused of treason and slain -- but not before entrusting the Arti to his son Mo, who controls the wooden robot, and his daughter Tong, a cocky swordswoman. The siblings, now grown, pursue a perilous quest across the desert in search of the legendary city of Loulan, where they hope to find the Origin at its source. However, with ambitious royal schemes afoot and a mysterious tribe guarding the Origin, the Zhangs' goal will not be easy to achieve. In the battle to come, are they even on the right side? A scuba diving instructor, her biochemist boyfriend, and her police chief ex-husband try to link a series of bizarre deaths to a mutant strain of piranha fish whose lair is a sunken freighter ship off a Caribbean island resort. Jennifer Hills is still tormented by the brutal sexual assault she endured years ago. She's changed identities and cities, reluctantly joining a support group where she begins to piece together a new life. But when her new friend's murderer goes free and the tales of serial rapists haunt her, Jennifer will hunt down the men responsible and do what the system won't - make them pay for their crimes in the most horrific ways imaginable. Only this time, no jury may be able to save her. An alien from another planet with great super powers comes to earth to destroy the whole human race by possessing their bodies. Alien bounty hunters Staleth is sent with Colinus to try to stop him before its too late. A young man has a mere six hours to escape with his best friend from their hometown before a nuclear reactor explodes. John Cooper is a computer programming genius who starts working on a project to reverse engineer human intelligence using a map of the human genome. John becomes increasingly disillusioned and severely depressed as he begins to question any possible meaning of human thoughts and emotions that can be replicated on computer software. On the verge of a mental breakdown, he meets Emily-a shy, bohemian novelist that is unable to find emotional sustenance outside of the world of her own writing. This is the story of two lost souls searching for a shadow of love in an increasingly alienating modern world. In the near future where humanoid robots are common in society, the mob reprograms a female android to think and feel in order to use it as a contract killer. This has dangerous consequences as she develops a relationship with her creator while also slowly becoming a murderous psychopath. Lorraine believes there's a lost portal to another world in Essex. As she explores time and space with her friends and family will she be proven wrong or be vindicated? A psychological thriller about the destructive relationship between a middle-aged man and his mother. A strange but not unwelcome global pandemic fills people everywhere with boundless sexual lust. From their apparent refuge out in space, astronauts believe they understand the root of this evil: the universal sexual matrix known as ultra-sex has disappeared! It must be found! The quest begins, while below the blue planet is caught in the throes of crazed and improbable abandon. On the south side of Kyoto, tucked away from its ancient temples and tourist sites, lies a 40 building low income housing project. Mukaijima New Town, as it's known around the city, is home to poor immigrants, gangsters, drug addicts and lost children. DANGER DIVA is a cyberpunk musical/thriller about a hard rocking singer who is coerced into becoming an electronically enhanced new-music diva by her high tech billionaire patron. Anti Matter (AKA Worm) is a sci-fi noir take on the Alice in Wonderland tale. Ana, an Oxford PhD student, finds herself unable to build new memories following an experiment to generate and travel through a wormhole. The story follows her increasingly desperate efforts to understand what happened, and to find out who - or what - is behind the rising horror in her life. Three years after the demise of Jurassic World, a volcanic eruption threatens the remaining dinosaurs on the isla Nublar, so Claire Dearing, the former park manager, recruits Owen Grady to help prevent the extinction of the dinosaurs once again. A former agent of the CIA and his estranged daughter go on the run after his employers target them for assassination. No one is safe when seemingly random killings emerge as a deadly pattern intended to usher in the end of the world.  A murder victim with the same DNA as Christ. A serial killer mimicking the deaths of the 12 Apostles. Inspector Niemans and a young, rebellious detective team up with a beautiful expert in religion to crack the case before their elusive suspect completes the cycle of terror, paving the way to an even bigger bloody catastrophe. Reality is the real mission. Bill, Martha and their little child Hal are spending a quiet winter Sunday in their cosy house when they get an unexpected visit from Mike Nickerson and Tony Rodriguez. Mike and Tony are old acquaintances of Bill; a few years back, in Vietnam, they were in the same platoon. They also became opposed parties in a court martial - for a reason that Bill never explained to Martha. What happened in Vietnam, and what is the reason for the presence of Mike and Tony ? IN LIMBO s a documentary essay that questions the world of memory that we are all building, through the everyday digitization of our lives and our environment. The voice of a mysterious spirit (embodied by Nancy Huston) wakes up in the maze of data centers which makes up the global network. As though there were nothing left on Earth but this huge machine, still running. Diving into her memory, she is fascinated by the strange life that lies within, inhabited by ghostly characters (the Internet's founding fathers, Google CEOs, digital librarians, etc). Enchanted by the promises of this world, she abandons herself into it. Pure soul, she wanders through this after-life, attempting to once more experience the essence of nostalgia. In this Sci-Fi thriller, when a group of friends go missing, the local Police are shocked at the return of a mysterious stranger. While searching for their missing friends, they uncover a dark secret and the truth behind the 'Grey Agenda'. To an undercover detective and his partner, events seem like typical gangland power struggle, but a feared criminal puppeteer seeks a powerful artifact with which to change the balance of ... A few decades from now - Sienna, a rebellious robot-fighting arms dealer, lives on a post-apocalyptic Earth. When the cities start to fall under the control of the A.I. Scourge, a hyper-weaponized robot army, Sienna decides to leave the Earth and journey to the centre of the galaxy, seeking a mythical weapon that can neutralize any form of A.I.Pursued by giant machines, Sienna loses everything she cares about in an effort to save the last vestiges of humanity in an A.I. controlled galaxy. A father's perverse strategy for identifying his son's killer involves a nightmarish scientific experiment whose consequences are felt for generations to come. A visually spectacular dystopian take on an Arab world torn apart by social disorder. A recently jilted millennial's friends throw him a going away party. After his sassy ex-girlfriend shows up, the group of friends find themsleves in a struggle for their very lives. Three teens realize their science project is the key to finding their missing parents, in another world. Gandy Goose is reading a book about Post-War Inventions. Sourpuss doesn't like it one bit, and that night he dreams that he has come to a hall of new inventions. At first he's impressed, but things begin to go wrong with the inventions, and when he finally wakes up, he promptly smashes the book over Goose's head. In December 2014, Mama Rainbow -a film about six Chinese mothers accepting their gay children -was deleted from Chinese video websites with no explanation. Now the filmmaker, Popo Fan, is on a quest to fight it. Interviews with Popo's lawyer, journalists, activists, and commentators, alternate with the endless laws and regulations to interrogate China's systemic use of censorship. A humanoid robot deliverywoman muses on the mystery of human nature as she drops off parcels around the galaxy. A distressed couple become stranded on an isolated island only to get hunted by an unforeseen force. A dysfunctional family awake on Christmas morning to discover they're sealed inside their house by a mysterious black substance. On television, a single line of text reads: "Stay Indoors and Await Further Instructions." One astronaut's journey through space and life ends on a hostile exosolar planet. Grounded is a metaphorical account of the experience, inviting unique interpretation and reflection by the viewer. Themes of aging, inheritance, paternal approval, cyclic trajectories, and behaviors passed on through generations are explored against an ethereal backdrop. Something nasty is lurking inside a secure storage unit. When a group of people get trapped inside, they need to find a way to get out of a building that's designed to keep things in... After an apocalypse of questionable origin, Private James Conroy is living in an abandoned shack at the base of a radio tower. When Conroy finally contacts Garry Freeman, marooned in a space station, they have to learn to work together if they're going to save themselves, and maybe all of civilization. One woman taxi driver in Bucharest is hoping for a conventional relationship. A young woman is haunted by visions of a faceless man after she is awoken from the dead in a body that is not her own. Two geeky video bloggers are sucked into a truly awful Z movie. On their return to the real world, they discover they have been pursued by the characters of the trashy films they adore. A young mad genius attempts to 'hack the human mind' in order to fix humanity. Abby Sen a struggling TV producer time travels to 1980 to find a job in a leading TV channel. An FBI-trained neuropsychologist teams up with a thief to find a reality-altering device while her insane ex-boss unleashes bizarre traps to stop her. A mother concerned about her young son's disturbing behavior thinks something supernatural may be affecting him. Teens are being kidnapped and turned into an army of zombies.  But with the power of the Gods of Olympus one woman will do battle with the demonic mastermind behind the foul plan! Several short films about troubled gay youngsters who attempt to resolve their psychological issues through bizarre fetish play or sinister self expression. Incontrol follows a group of university students who discover a device that allows them to take control of others, and experience the world through someone else. As they push the machine's abilities to its limits, they begin to question the device itself. The Imperial Empire is attacked by an Alliance of rebels led by fanatical mystics. The ruler, Empress Nobu, the 8th generation of her family, wants to execute a bold plan to rescue a cyborg, Leah C6, trapped on the battle ravaged planet Endor. The Empress believes Leah C6 holds the secret to destroying the Alliance of Rebels before their insurgency can kill millions of citizens of the Empire. She recruits her heroic fleet commander, Lord General Luka Raan and asks him to gather a team from the Empire's elite soldiers, the Galactic Rangers. Raan assembles the team in the ruins of Endor which was attacked by depraved Rebels and outlaws led by, Kindo-Ker, a fanatical mystic in Dark Energy. The Galactic Rangers begin a desperate search to find and rescue Leah C6 before the Alliance Rebels can. In the year 2961, the time is after humanity and nature has recovered the land. A hunter named Cygnus is called to rise above his duty. He provides for Last Arc, a once nomadic band of survivors in need of food and water that is now growing scarce. The answer must be found before a group of outlandish Heretics descend upon them. Cygnus must voyage across the treacherous landscape to defend his people. Sent by Nova, the matriarch of the band, she acts based on her vision for Cygnus to find a seed of hope. The future of Last Arc is for him to discover, Cygnus ventures into a hostile landscape in search of an answer for his people. On this journey of encountering many traps and dangers, Cygnus discovers what has been hunting him is his identity. Blackouts and other mysteries at NAZKA Academy hint at an impending alien invasion. The Rocky Horror Show was born at the Royal Court's tiny Theatre Upstairs on June 16, 1973, and went on to become an international stage smash hit and a major motion picture. A lonely private investigator is contacted by a mysterious woman who pulls him into a mind game known as "telephone walking". Fascinated by her voice, Aloys discovers an imaginary universe that allows him to break out of his isolation. A genre-defying mixture of horror, sci-fi, myth, mystery and thrills told as four interlocking tales in one intelligent anthology. Ghosts, spirits, creatures, demons and more from the paranormal world collide with rational curiosity. Recovering addict Will Parker experiments with 'Z', a black-market sleeping serum, in order to cure his insomnia. Instead, the drug sends Will's consciousness one day into the future, where he's the prime suspect in the disappearance of a young girl he hasn't even met - yet. Recorded October 4, 2001, at the Grand Olympic Auditorium in Los Angeles, California.  A group of hard-core rockers who spun social upheaval into something fresh, brash and dynamic, The Cult emerged out of Britain's music scene in the early 1980s and quickly rose to the forefront of "Positive Punk." From Ian Astbury's first powerful note to Billy Duffy's last thundering guitar riff, The Cult knows how to rock an audience and this Los Angeles concert is no exception! Songs: Intro/Rise, In the Clouds, Lil' Devil, Peace Dog, Take the Power, My Bridges Burn, Rain, Edie (Ciao Baby), The Witch, Breathe, Fire Woman, Sweet Soul Sister, Wild Flower, She Sells Sanctuary, True Believers, War (The Process), Love Removal Machine. An ornithologist who commits suicide returns as fifth force to wreack vengeance on mankind for harming birds with mobile phone radiation. The only thing that is standing in his way is 2.0, the upgraded version of Chitti, the robot. The authorities discover that the Sun is dying and come up with a plan to save Mankind. In an effort to capture amateur video of outer space, two young brothers unexpectedly find themselves in harm's way, when an innocent science experiment becomes a day filled with unearthly events threatening their sleepy coastal town. For Millennia the Aliien force has watched and waited, a brooding menace that has now at last decided to take over the Earth. Communications systems worldwide are sent into chaos by a strange atmospheric interference and this has turned into a global phenomenon. A massive spaceship headed towards Earth and smaller spaceships began to cover entire cities around the world. Suddenly, the wonder turns into horror as the spaceships destroy the cities with energy weapons. When the world counterattacks, the alien ships are invincible to military weapons.  The survivors have to use their wits to kill the aliens, or die. Filmmaker and evolutionary biologist Randy Olson tries to figure out if it is the Darwinists or Intelligent Design supporters who will become a flock of dodos. Juliette, a lone survivor of an apocalyptic era, fights to survive against hunger, thirst, a broken leg and strange disturbing creatures that only comes out at nighttime. A Stefan Kristinkov film Experimental filmmaker, Jack has developed a revolutionary type of film, which induces a euphoric state in the viewer.  Needless to say, this rapidly becomes an underground phenomenon in Taipei. The label of these mind-altering screenings? Made In Taiwan...  With the help of Amy Lin, organised screenings pop up around the city and crowds of eager MIT fans flood in to see his latest creations.  As his films become more popular, Jack fights obsessively to keep complete control of his work. However, he also comes to realise that his films have long-lasting effects on the mind.  With his own constant exposure to the films, Jack begins to slip into a dark, dream world of his own creation from which he may never return. A reclusive conspiracy theorist enlists people from his small town to help him make a low-budget movie about his experience encountering aliens while working as a geologist for the US government. After an infectious outbreak causes people to become rage filled and cannibals, a group of survivors must figure out how to get by. The infected aren't the only threat though. After the fall of society, people begin to lose their humanity, as these three struggle to hold on to theirs. A social work grad student's film project on L.A. homelessness becomes something quite other when she and her friends encounter a man claiming to be from another time and place. Out of nowhere, a strange, deadly mist envelops Paris in minutes. Finding refuge on the highest floor of their apartment building, a couple attempts to figure out how to protect their bubble-bound daughter, whose capsule is left running on battery power. But as the hours go by, one thing becomes quite clear: the mist is closing in on them & if they want to survive, they will have to risk exposure at all costs. A romantic couple get more than they expected after the husband's experiments with penis-enlargement cream go awry. Wait, this is not a porn story. Rather, it is an absurd science-fiction movie that features a curious new species, the Dickshark. In some ways this story asks the same questions that Mary Shelly did when she wrote "Frankenstein." A lone scientist maintains an underground bunker for the coming global nuclear disaster. But after becoming prematurely isolated, he slowly begins to question his own reality and whether he is truly alone. Director Richard Mundy's immersive psychological thriller, is a tense and unsettling nightmare you'll never be sure you've woken up from. Astronaut Kathryn Voss, sole survivor of a disastrous space shuttle mission, is a distraught mother desperate to reunite with her terminally ill daughter but becomes a wanted fugitive after discovering she possesses an extraordinary gift. When an IMF mission ends badly, the world is faced with dire consequences. As Ethan Hunt takes it upon himself to fulfill his original briefing, the CIA begin to question his loyalty and his motives. The IMF team find themselves in a race against time, hunted by assassins while trying to prevent a global catastrophe. The alternate world of Ghost Noir looks like our own 1940s... with some gritty differences. Demons roam the streets. Death is almost impossible. And no one is older than sixteen. Detective Camille Delatore is trying to ignore the disappearance of her free-spirited brother by throwing herself into her work, but all roads lead to Roman, and Camille realizes the world itself holds secrets beyond imagining. Watch the film with or without complete captions provided by Blue Forge Productions then explore thirty minutes of behind of the scenes footage with deleted material and deeper looks. After an unknown event, the world has changed forcing people to return to a simpler way of life. We follow the leadership trials of the Varosha Tribe with Eiren, Ares and Thade all in line to lead the next generation of their colony. The three embark on a journey away from the safety of their home towards a remote forest and current leader Nus - who will choose his successor by trial.  But when their trial is interrupted by the arrival of another tribe, their courage, friendship and loyalty will be tested in conditions far more dangerous than they expected. In Space 1889, mankind has discovered how to travel the mysterious ether - and conquered the jungle planet of Venus and the dwindling empire of the Martians. In this world the young adventurer Will Armstrong becomes the center of a solar system wide plot that could destroy all of mankind. A dystopian, sci-fi influenced experimental fable with a strong anti-bullying message set in an eerie, abandoned world where a gang of forgotten children plays endlessly repetitive games to gain the favour of Mikhail, the self-proclaimed leader of this strange and isolated society. In an eerie, abandoned world where no adults are to be found, a gang of forgotten children plays games to gain the favour of Mikhail, the self-proclaimed leader of this strange and isolated society. Rebelling against Mikhail's tyrannical bullying, Emilia, Boris and the bird-like shaman boy Josef devise a plan to escape, twisting the rules to beat Mikhail at his own game. A single father struggles when his oldest children leave home. A modern and unrelentingly tense psychological thriller based on a theory of the origins of shortwave radio frequencies, Shortwave is an unnerving reminder that some stones are best left unturned. In April 2043, astrobiologist Xue Noon finds herself stranded in the GAIA International Antarctic Station. As the polar night closes in, she connects herself to the Ai-system. She scavenges digital memories and archives of the time she spent at King George Island with her father back in 2015. Diego, Manny and Sid return in this sequel to the hit animated movie Ice Age. This time around, the deep freeze is over, and the ice-covered earth is starting to melt, which will destroy the trio's cherished valley. The impending disaster prompts them to reunite and warn all the other beasts about the desperate situation. Carlos is a man doomed by restless memories, that meets with himself, in a time warp. Young Carlos faces the forgetfulness of old Carlos, who doesn't recognize his own appearance. They get a package. But the package seems odd. The knot that ties, the smell, the handwriting on the envelope: this could only be sent by his father, Ernesto, who has been dead for many years. A father who always created unusual situations. In this time warp, Carlos is split in two: one Carlos remembers and the other forgets the moments he spent with his father. In the near future, due to a breakthrough scientific discovery by Dr. Thomas Harbor, there is now definitive proof of an afterlife. While countless people have chosen suicide to reset their existence, others try to decide what it all means. Among them is Dr. Harbor's son Will, who has arrived at his father's isolated compound with a mysterious young woman named Isla. There, they discover the strange acolytes who help Dr. Harbor with his experiments. Three best friends try to get 'internet famous' by filming their own survival show out in the woods. A weekend trip to accomplish this project turns deadly when a mysterious and very foreign visitor ends up in their neck of the woods. When Ripley's lifepod is found by a salvage crew over 50 years later, she finds that terra-formers are on the very planet they found the alien species. When the company sends a family of colonists out to investigate her story--all contact is lost with the planet and colonists. They enlist Ripley and the colonial marines to return and search for answers. The story of Daemonium begins in an alternate universe to ours, in which magic and technology coexist with humans and demons. A powerful family hires a band of mercenaries and forces Fulcanelli, a wizard and con artist, to invoke a demon with the purpose of gaining even more power. Of course, things go terribly wrong. The wizard escapes and the demon slaughters the mercenaries, with the exception of Razor. He's the one who seals the deal to become lord of the criminal underworld. The family kidnaps Lisa, his pregnant wife, and turns her into a merciless killing machine and the spear point of their offensive against Razor. But she's not the only threat to the crime lord. It's only a question of time before the demon returns to claim Razor's soul. Fulcanelli seems to be the key to stopping the demon and Razor sends out his band of sexy killer robots to find him. In a post-zombie world, where the infected live normal lives, their retroviral drug is running out. This be the year 3000. The world has been enveloped within the flames of nuclear warfare, bringing with it a new dark age. In these times, technology can be a rare blessing, or curse, depending on its discovery and / or use. What is left of civilization, of humanity, has been reduced to numerous city states, each fighting to survive the wars between them , as well as from within. This tale takes place after a vile war between two Houses both like in dignity, in what is left of fair Verona. The House of Capulet has claimed victory and believes to have extinguished all within The House of Montague, yet one still lives. This be not the story of star-crossed lovers, but of Romeo, last of the Montague. A cyborg who seeks love, and revenge... On The Doll is a story of the victims of child abuse, and the pain it visits upon their later lives. With interweaving stories following victims and victimizers, the film depicts the variety of experiences of abuse. Dr. Diane Landry (Cassandra Schomer) creates an alien-human hybrid to fight off a malicious group of invaders from space. A man recently released from a mental institute inherits a mansion after his parents die. After a series of disturbing events, he comes to believe it is haunted. The Psychonaut is a short hybrid documentary film showing how it's like to travel in one's own mind with the help of shrooms. Meat the Future ushers the viewer into a world vexed by the impacts of modern day industrial animal agriculture and zeros in on a solution-focused story. Revealing challenges and breakthroughs and posing a myriad of questions about the future, this 90-minute character-driven documentary explores the advent of real meat without the need to raise and slaughter animals.  Spanning three years, Meat the Future chronicles the potentially game-changing birth of a new food industry referred to as "cell-based" "clean" and "cultured" meat - a term hotly debated as the industry approaches commercialization After a war against an enemy from another world breaks out in the South Pacific, a group of freshly recruited U.S. Marines are sent to the front lines. A former policeman-turned college professor of forensics, is asked by a widow to solve the murder of her unfaithful husband and the disappearance of his mistress who may have been linked to some drug dealers. A couple agree to have their deceased son cloned under the supervision of an enigmatic doctor, but bizarre things start to happen years after his rebirth. On a lonely mission to Alpha Centauri, Milutin is teamed up with Nimani 1345, a female cyborg designed to fulfill his every need. At first thrilled to be able to control her, Sebastian grows tired of having his desires fulfilled so easily. Longing for human intimacy, Sebastian alters Nimani's programmed responses, but in doing so he risks the mission's security -- and his own life. Evan values family above all else, and anyone who gets between him, his wife, and newborn son learns that the hard way. But when it comes to violent tendencies, it seems the apple doesn't fall far from the tree. A miss-matched couple embark on a frantic search for the Dead Sea Scroll hidden in the ancient city of Petra. Baby Sinclair in a mirror room. A young man named Alfred acquires eternal life with the help from a mad scientist. 225 years later, Alfred now lives with the consequences of his past and has to face a new danger: someone else wants to obtain his ability. When drones arrive in a flash, slaughtering humanity and stripping the Earth of its resources, a small team of scientists hiding in Los Angeles works to expel the drone menace once and for all. It's 2049 on a forsaken island off the coast of Toronto where the survival of the islanders depends on young Ti-Jeanne to risk death by a spirit so she can take her place as a caribbean priestess and save her people. No overview found. The year is 1984. Researchers at the secretive Bentan Labs are celebrating the completion of their latest weapons project: a previously unknown type of mildew, capable of spreading and consuming any kind of vegetation... and ideal for attacking stockpiles of enemy food. When a sponsor is accidentally infected, the mildew's spores are set loose across the facility. As aggressive soldiers flood the complex and the infected staff begin to mutate, the survivors come to realize that the mildew is in fact an alien creature! To avoid an agonising death, the remaining scientists must join forces with "Toxic" - a mysterious mercenary who has infiltrated the building on a covert mission. Will anyone escape the clutches of this out of control fungus and the army of crazed mutants it has created? Body melts, alien mutations, tons of action and geysers of gore await you. The '80s are back! The men of a small town on the edge of nowhere mysteriously disappear, one by one, leaving women and children behind to fend for themselves in a desolate and dreamlike world. Chronicles of Humanity: Redemption  In PUPPET MASTER XI - AXIS TERMINATION, the final chapter of the AXIS Saga, we find our heroic band of lethal puppets-BLADE, PINHEAD, TUNNELER, JESTER, SIX SHOOTER, and LEECH WOMAN, joining forces with a secret team of Allied Operatives, all masters of psychic powers, as they face off together against a new bunch of evil Nazi adversaries and their collection of vicious Axis Puppets in a showdown that will decide the future of the free world. Led by a video jockey who's trying to hack the brain, the director of this film wanders into the labyrinth of a metaphysical discussion regarding the limits of experimentation and videoreality as the future of the human species. A cowboy sets out to capture an escaped Brahma bull that is terrorizing local ranchers. Based on a story by Eli Colter that appeared in The Saturday Evening Post. 15 years ago the sea at the coast of Windholm just vanished. Now two young physicists try to find out, why it happened... In the very near future, Jon Specter leads a boring and lonely existence as an out of work copyright editor. When he begins to suffer from a series of horrible nightmares, he seeks the help of a computerized psychologist that suggests a radical change to his current lifestyle. But before he can do much soul searching, Jon becomes embroidered in a synthetic web of deceit by a family of man-made clones and a mysterious figure claiming to be his father. As Jon slowly slips deeper into danger and his own paranoia, he begins to take drastic measures to regain his sanity and find his own answers in this mind- bending sci-fi horror thriller. We journey through the symbolic landscape of the subconscious mind as we follow the story of an unbreakable bond between father and son, A bond that transcends SPACE AND TIME. It`s a story about mystery planet we can`t see. This planet is very similar to our home - Earth. But the people who live there are not like us at all. Two astronauts from Earth accidentally found this strange planet and fall into the death trap. Where the Journey Ends Relationship Therapist, Dr. Jill Peterman, had the highest-rated call-in radio show when her world was pulled out from under her following the on-air suicide of a female caller named Alexis. Shaken to her core, Dr. Jill walked away from her show vowing she would never go back. That is until Stuart, the station's General Manager, pleads with her to reboot the show in an effort to bring followers back to the station. Still haunted by what happened, Jill agrees to help her friend out and believes this will be the perfect remedy to put her year-long anxiety to rest. As Jill starts to settle back into her show, mysterious call-ins start happening forcing her to believe there could be a copy-cat out there. What Jill begins to uncover is a web of secrets and lies stemming from the mysterious voice she has come to know as Alexis. In the year 3978 global warming has made a desert of the North Pole. Santa and Mrs. Claus battle angry skeletons who didn't get what they wanted for Christmas. Evil aliens try to take over the world and a giant abominable snow man wants Santa for his next meal. It's 1954. Mad Scientists. Hostile aliens, an escaped cyborg, and the fate of the world hangs in the balance. In a series of escalating encounters, former security guard David Dunn uses his supernatural abilities to track Kevin Wendell Crumb, a disturbed man who has twenty-four personalities. Meanwhile, the shadowy presence of Elijah Price emerges as an orchestrator who holds secrets critical to both men. Evil in Tokyo is on the rise and heroes have become a common commodity just out for fame and glory. Washed out anti-hero Gun Caliber is summoned to save Tokyo from the forces of Evil. In the near future, a married woman secretly works for an organisation that manipulates memories, while her husband is experiencing visions from a past he can't remember which is tearing them apart. A writer who kills himself but is brought back to life and feels his destiny is get revenge on those who took his idea and that will include a b-listed indie horror actress , Delia Fox and ... A floating space without gravity where an infinite number of lights shine in different colors: The "Box of Wisdom." Inside of this box, there are multiple worlds, multiple timelines, and there used to be many different people. This is where Dual and Dorothy were fighting with enemies called "Viruses." Worlds infected by viruses must be erased. That is the duty, the job of these girls. However, one day, Dual and Dorothy feel the presence of a new Virus. Arriving at the scene, they see a girl being attacked by Viruses. After saving the girl, the duo wait for her to awaken so they can ask who she is, where she came from, and where she is going. Finally, when the girl opened her eyes, she gave her name, Rimo, and whispered only one sentence... "I must return to the flower patch..." Second movie of Aoki Hagane no Arpeggio: Ars Nova which will be an entirely brand-new work.  The group of privateers known as the Blue Steel continues their mission to deliver blueprints of the Vibration Warhead Torpedo--a weapon that may turn the tides of war in their favor--to the United States. However, a new threat arises from their enemy, the overwhelming Fleet of Fog in the form of "The Student Council.," Thisa group of warships composed of the remaining Mental Models--the ships' humanoid avatars--who have yet to face the unpredictable captain of the Blue Steel, Gunzou Chihaya.  As the Blue Steel gets closer to understanding the origins of the authority controlling the enemy, Iona's past starts to reveal why the war began and her reason for siding with humanity. Doctor Who and his companions are hurled into the future and make a horrifying discovery: the Daleks have conquered Earth! The metal fiends have devastated entire continents and turned the survivors into Robomen. Mrs. Gequil is an eccentric teacher despised by her colleagues and students. On a stormy night, she is struck by lightning and faints. When she wakes up, she feels different. Will she now be able to keep the powerful and dangerous Mrs. Hyde contained? If you like your comedy served up raw, tasty and wicked-funny, D.L. Hughley is your kind of stand-up guy. One of the most popular comedians of film, TV and radio unleashes a hilarious display of stand-up comedy genius in this uncut Showtime special taped before a wildly enthusiastic live New Jersey audience. It's comedy that'll re-boot your entire sense of humor: D.L. HUGHLEY: RESET! A failing script writer is given one last chance to save his career, yet at what cost? A seemingly chance encounter with an estranged childhood friend draws a bookstore clerk into a plot to steal a time machine. During the World War II, the prisoners of a German camp in a greek island are trying to escape. They don't want only their freedom, but they also seek for an ineffable treasure hidden in a monastery at the top of the island's mountain. A fast paced buddy comedy/fantasy about two nerds, their special mateship and their love for Star Wars. After NASA picks up a trio of mysterious signals from within our own solar system, astronaut Roger Nelson is dispatched on a multi-year solo mission aboard the Magellan spacecraft to investigate the sources. A disgraced  RAW agent Akilan (Vikram) is recalled by the agency to track down a crazy scientist and a cross dresser Love (also Vikram), who has discovered a deadly new drug  'Speed inhaler'. Danny is a long-term insomniac. He comes across an ad for the Audible Lucid Perceptions sleep clinic, run by the peculiar Dr. Zovnig, and goes in for a consultation. The doctor gives him a small audio device, which generates brain-frequency-altering audio waves, intended to hypnotize Danny into a dream state. Upon the first treatment, Danny is cured and is now sleeping better than he ever has in his life. Danny starts to realize that although he may be able to sleep again, there could be something wrong. Nightmares haunt his sleep, with recurring hallucinations and blackouts while he's awake. Is it all a side effect of the treatment, or is there some evil force at work, affecting Danny's every move? Naples:  Raffaele, a cafe musician, is cajoled into performing a night-time serenade outside an apartment block.  However, his mandolin playing is rudely interrupted by gunshots and a falling Jamaican man, who plummets from a window above.  A camp character is also ejected from a window and Raffaele is compelled to conduct his own investigation.  It transpires that a celebrated maestro, Victor Navarro is being blackmailed.  Lucia, Navarro's attractive daughter-in-law, was present at each murder.  The amateur detective is drawn to her and becomes embroiled in a mystery involving death threats and a macabre secret... The six-member crew of the International Space Station is tasked with studying a sample from Mars that may be the first proof of extra-terrestrial life, which proves more intelligent than ever expected. An assassin seeks redemption after being given a second chance at life. Artificial Intelligence from far into the future arrives to immediately CLEANSE the human species of millions of humans who are harmful to other humans.  After deciphering a message found in a satellite, genius cryptographer Alex Jacobs finds himself being stalked by government agents and otherworldly beings. A former soldier is taken captive and awakens in the back of a van where he learns that he only has less than 10 minutes to figure out how he got there. Erotic fantasies can come to life in the rooms of Motel Mistress. But whether these will be pleasurable for those involved is another matter. A strange disappearance, revenge and aliens all turn up one typical afternoon in this love nest. There could hardly be a more telling contrast between the analog and digital eras than the beautifully blurry memories captured in a Polaroid picture and the thousands of pin-sharp photos on an iPhone. In this ambitious visual essay, Willem Baptist explores the visionary genius of Edwin H. Land, the inventor of the Polaroid camera. Even today, all sorts of people are keeping his instant dream alive. Former Polaroid employee Stephen Herchen moved from the United States to Europe to work in a laboratory developing the 2.0 version of Polaroid. Christopher Bonanos, the author of Instant: The Story of Polaroid, tells us, "When I heard Polaroid would stop making film, it felt like a close friend had died." Artist Stefanie Schneider, who is working with the last of her stock of Polaroid film, is using the blurring that occurs with expired film as an additional aesthetic layer in her photographic work. Lena owns a forgotten bar next to a highway where the trucks zip by but rarely stop. She is eight months pregnant and has been abandoned by her former lover, Colonel Mattos, of the Sao Paulo police. One day, she meets Vilela, a former policeman wanted for a crime he committed in Sao Paulo. Colonel Mattos was Vilela's superior, and his presence is continually felt by the pair. Two further elements add texture to the plot - the inhospitable landscape and the new baby's crying, which slowly makes life unbearable for the couple. Based on an original stage play by Fernando Bonassi, the film delves into the souls of two Brazilians isolated in one of the country's nameless reaches. A love story and a metaphor taken to extremes: a glimpse at an unequal society which excludes many of its citizens, pushing them into violent adventures of love and death. A pilot battles to save his family and the planet after an experiment for unlimited energy goes wrong. Kubo mesmerizes the people in his village with his magical gift for spinning wild tales with origami. When he accidentally summons an evil spirit seeking vengeance, Kubo is forced to go on a quest to solve the mystery of his fallen samurai father and his mystical weaponry, as well as discover his own magical powers. David is travelling. He's on a unique trip that doesn't take him from one place to another but from one moment in time to another. Seeking to understand the strange power he has to move around in his own timeline, David will eventually have to confront the disassembled chronology of his own life as well as his repressed past. Dris is an ex-con, living in the borderline between a decent and a criminal life. He has a regular and simple work and lives a simple life with his wife Lise and loves his family. However, his childhood friends from his Arab community, including his best friend Yanis, are mobsters and his brother is a small time delinquent. Yanis tries to bring Dris back to his gang, and uses his former lover Nina to seduce him, taking him to expensive places to feel the importance of big money. Dris fights against the temptation, but an event will route him back to Yanis' gang and in a fight between gangs with tragic consequences for the whole community. Investigative reporter Chase Carter must stop a secret government conspiracy in the zombie infested quarantine zone of East Mission City. Vira is a mad genius who is deeply love struck on Anaya. Faced with utter rejection from the love of his life, he creates a breakthrough invention that will cure his loneliness. Barbie is a cosmic princess who flies high on her hoverboard through a far-off universe with her adorable and devoted pet sidekick, Pupcorn. One day, everything changes when the twinkling stars start to dim and slow their dance in the sky. Barbie travels to a beautiful new planet to join a special rescue team on a mission to save the stars. Once there, she teams up with a group of talented new friends who work together to save the galaxy through exciting hoverboarding adventures. Barbie soon discovers that if she listens to her heart, and with the help of her friends, she might be the leader the whole universe has been waiting for! Kandam is a science-fiction thriller by Canadian Tamil film director Pras Lingam. Based on the premise of the existence of the continent of Kumari Kandam and the prevalence of Tamil civilization in antediluvian times, Kandam is set to premiere in various cities across Europe this December followed by a Asia wide premiere in January. The Toronto premiere is scheduled for March 2017 Creator Olan Rogers recounts his personal journey in bringing his space opera comedy series, Final Space, to life. At the end of the 21st century, the world is plagued by a mysterious virus and unusual weather. Genius scientist Dr. Kisaragi creates an android with the code name "Cutie Honey" (Mariya Nishiuchi). The android is unique in that it possesses human emotions. To save mankind, Cutie Honey goes up against an evil organization. Austin's hottest DJ, Jungle Julia, sets out into the night to unwind with her two friends Shanna and Arlene. Covertly tracking their moves is Stuntman Mike, a scarred rebel leering from behind the wheel of his muscle car, revving just feet away. Four best friends (Tibby, Lena, Carmen &amp; Bridget) who buy a mysterious pair of pants that fits each of them, despite their differing sizes, and makes whoever wears them feel fabulous. When faced with the prospect of spending their first summer apart, the pals decide they'll swap the pants so that each girl in turn can enjoy the magic. Five years after an economic catastrophe, the government and banks have collapsed. At a fortified village in rural Quebec, three individuals with very different pasts see their destinies unwillingly intertwined. Leon is part of a band of honest scavengers. Following a murderous attack, Leon has a falling out with the surviving members of his gang. Marianne, survivor of a brutal assault and the last living member of her family, is travelling to the village to find her aunt -- and is soon to find that her attackers are there too. Old Bob has only one goal, to reconnect and make peace with his brother, since years estranged. During his journey, he encounters Josee, a teen with attitude who sees a father figure in him. After a bloody altercation at a bar, Bob has no choice but to tolerate Joe's company. Wes Nolan wakes up in an abandoned warehouse with a case of amnesia. He has been kidnapped by someone named "Lazarus" who has him held captive in order to get the cure for an Ebola outbreak. Wes was a virologist and microbiologist who was working to engineer a bacteria protein carrier to attack the Ebola virus before it could destroy human cells. Instead of destroying the Ebola, however, Wes' protein mutated the virus into something much more potent. Now Wes must try to regain his memory and try to find the cure. Emocean started out as a surf film but quickly turned into something so much more than wild waves and barrel rides. This is a documentary with soul; a salty blend of stories by the eclectic assortment of people sharing tales of adventure, adrenaline, inspiration, love and loss and their relationship with the ocean. Some are well-known like Hawaii's Pipeline and California's Mavericks and others are remote spots tucked high up in North West Australia and deep in South Australia. This film, underpinned by inspiring surfing, is also a love letter to the sea woven through with experiences from surfers, filmmakers, fishermen, marine scientists and watermen. Lara Croft, the fiercely independent daughter of a missing adventurer, must push herself beyond her limits when she finds herself on the island where her father disappeared. Kira's skin starts to age rapidly, dry out and crumble away. But then she discovers that she can replace her own skin with somebody else's. Upon hearing of his mentor's impending death, haggard musician Kino Warren begins a journey on foot across country, and through a place not of this world referred to as "the territory". Kino believes wholeheartedly that the mentor cannot die until he arrives. On his journey, Kino is unaware several people are on his tail - varyingly malicious and politically involved - in search of the only-known recording of the greatest piece of music ever made, a piece supposedly capable of taking away all pain within the listener - created by his mentor, and in his possession, completely unbeknownst to him. A fishing community on a remote Maine island finds itself suddenly cut off from the rest of the world after the ferry stops coming. When people start to vanish, the terrified survivors realize that someone - or something - is hunting them. Hacked footage reveals mysterious events surrounding the abduction of four teenagers. Ernst is public enemy number one. A young husband and wife must fight to return home in a post-apocalyptic mid-western landscape ravaged by gangs. An exploration of relationships and sexual attraction among straight men.  This third installment of international shorts chronicles the pitfalls and pleasures of fluid sexuality in men exposing the complex, dynamic and at times volatile relationships and situations surrounding friendships and hidden attractions. Themes included in this selection explore the differences and similitudes of shared experiences as societal expectations, stereotypes, and traditional values are unexpectedly challenged as attitudes evolve. As the Earth wrestles with its agonising birth, the peoples of this barren and desolate world struggle to survive. Driven by animal instinct they compete against the harsh conditions, their giant predators, and warring tribes. When two people from opposing clans fall in love, existing conventions are shattered forever as each tribe struggles for supremacy and Man embarks on his tortuous voyage of civilisation. A high school swim champion with a troubled past enrolls in the U.S. Coast Guard's 'A' School, where legendary rescue swimmer, Ben Randall teaches him some hard lessons about loss, love, and self-sacrifice. Abhishek Handa, a temperamental chef, invites his wife, Ritu to review his food. Ritu is a professional food critic and takes her job pretty seriously. After tasting couple of dishes, she rates him 2.3. An unwavering lawyer battles against the lies and deception of a corrupt police department to expose the truth behind the suspicious death of a young man. Sequel to Dracula 2000. Father Uffizi [Jason Scott Lee] hunts vampires. He travels the world to behead them with his bullwhip, but his ultimate goal is to find the first vampire, Dracula (revealed as Judas Iscariot in Dracula 2000), absolve Dracula's sins against Jesus, set his soul free, and end his unholy existence. So, when Dracula's charred body turns up in the New Orleans morgue, Uffizi heads there. Medical students, Liz Blaine [Diane Neal] and Luke [Jason London] are charged with autopsying the body. When they open the abdominal cavity, they find that the liver and other organs are white, suggesting to Luke that the person did not produce his own blood but got it elsewhere, i.e., a vampire. A mysterious young woman materializes in the middle of the southwestern desert, where each step teaches her about her new world and her new body. As she assumes her new life, she discovers she has a twin with whom she shares more than just an outward appearance. A bioengineering company releases a new product: Mungoes, human beings who have been stripped of all memories, feelings, and free will. They are stoic, docile, perfect for menial labor. The lead engineer, however, has bigger ideas for them, and begins secretly implanting them with artificial memories and emotions--and even the ability to love. Set in 1974, an authentic and uplifting tale of two friends whose horizons are opened up by the discovery of black American soul music. The Gene Roddenberry Project is a half hour documentary exploring the genesis of Star Trek through the personal insight of its creator.Directed by Trude Forscher, the film compiles footage shot during a recently uncovered interview with Star Trek creator Gene Roddenberry and surviving cast members When a famous writer (Huang Bo) decides to have his memories wiped to forget a divorce, he regrets it. Attempting to recover the memories, he becomes haunted by psychopathic thoughts, acting out in ways both he and those around him could never imagine.  A companion film to director Leste Chen's 2014 film The Great Hypnotist. An alien life form arrives in the Dominican Republic in search of freedom and forms an unique bond with an autistic girl and the town's drunkard. Jonathan is a young man with a strange condition that only his brother understands.  But when he begins to yearn for a different life, their unique bond becomes increasingly tested. A man, who years earlier mysteriously abandoned his family and isolated himself in a small northern town, returns for one last chance to reconnect with his troubled daughter. When she goes missing, he risks everything to find her, including exposing the fact that he is becoming invisible. Two old friends living in a dystopic future become trapped in a mysterious time loop -- one that may have something to do with an ongoing battle between an omnipotent corporation and a ragtag band of rebels.  German students compete to enter one of the country's elite schools. A documentary about the art and life of futurist imagineer Arthur Radebaugh. Bobbi Johnson is a young literary sensation facing her difficult second novel. Already dealing with a crazed stalker and her junkie ex-boyfriend, Bobbi is convinced by her publisher to use new smart editing software and finds herself going head-to-head with an artificial intelligence determined to write her book for her. 2021 - 5 years after the outbreak of a mysterious virus that turned humans into bloodthirsty, undead beasts much of the world's population has been decimated. When governments were unable to keep the disease at bay, the Contagion Special Unit was formed with the toughest soldiers and best specialists to fight the infected. Because of the rapidly decreasing number of soldiers, a popular online video game Dead Trigger that mirrors the terrifying events was created. The best efforts of the gamers are monitored by the CSU who recruit the highest rated zombie killers. The young recruits are called "Dead Triggers". The movie follows a group of young recruits who must travel to the origin of the outbreak to find a missing team of scientists who were searching for a cure. A dark secret is unearthed by a local farmer. Local Paleontologists reveal its the remains of a prehistoric monster Crocodylus. It's trible seal has been broken unleashing terror upon the local towns people. A creation myth realized in light, patterns, images superimposed, rapid cutting, and silence. A black screen, then streaks of light, then an explosion of color and squiggles and happenstance. Next, images of small circles emerge then of the Sun. Images of our Earth appear, woods, a part of a body, a nude woman perhaps giving birth. Imagery evokes movement across time. When five friends vacation at a remote lake house, they expect nothing less then a good time, unaware that Earth is under attack by an alien invasion and mass-abductions. An assassin teams up with a woman to help her find her father and uncover the mysteries of her ancestry. A girl who lives in a secluded house with her father and her dog finds a mysterious black cube in the woods with the ability to change the past. In an alternate present-day version of Oakland, black telemarketer Cassius Green discovers a magical key to professional success - which propels him into a macabre universe. A dentist trainee going to Australia for his exam. He experience unexplained feelings. The story centers around the consequences leading as a result of the unexplained feelings. Mike, Kevin and Bill riff the original cut of Time Chasers. Plus, a short of "Chimp the Fireman." A combination of first-person stories and exclusive aerial images, HUMAN is a unique documentary. This sensitive experience is an introspection into whom we are today as a community but also and most importantly as an individual. Through wars, inequalities, discriminations, HUMAN confronts us with the realities and the diversity of our human conditions. Beyond this darker side, testimonies show the empathy and the solidarities which we are capable of. All these contradictions are ours and HUMAN leads us to reflect about the future we wish to give to people and the planet today. Filmed in 60 countries during two years, HUMAN by Yann Arthus-Bertrand draws a portrait of nowaday's Humanity. A unique, intimate and honest portrayal of a girl grieving for the loss of her best friend. That just happens to take place on the day the world ends as we know it. After a night out of partying and left behind by her friends, Ava wakes up and sneaks back home only to find that she's already safe in bed. But that's not Ava - it's someone who looks just like her. A time-traveling fugitive has stolen Ava's body, her identity, and her life. What's more -- she's not alone. There are others, hiding in the past, secretly living among us, plotting to alter the future. Without her body, Ava is a virtual ghost, silent and invisible to the world. And, so far as she knows, she's the only one who can stop them and put the timeline back on course. Featuring the brand-new Toning Sticks, this programme will let you shimmy and shake your way to a super-sculpted shape. It's never been so much fun to chisel your entire body from head to toe! When Jacques d'Amboise took a group of dancers and members of his teaching staff to China, they worked with acclaimed dancer Dou Dou Huang and more than a hundred Chinese children. Their goal: to create a special performance using a variety of dance styles - including hip-hop, freestyle jazz and traditional Chinese folk dance - that would premiere at the Shanghai Grand Theatre in honor of the 2007 Shanghai Special Olympics World Games. Part of a month-long cultural exchange between d'Amboise's National Dance Institute and several Chinese troupes, featuring some of that country's most talented young dancers, the collaboration underscored the power of dance to transcend obstacles of culture and language. David, a robotic boy--the first of his kind programmed to love--is adopted as a test case by a Cybertronics employee and his wife. Though he gradually becomes their child, a series of unexpected circumstances make this life impossible for David. Without final acceptance by humans or machines, David embarks on a journey to discover where he truly belongs, uncovering a world in which the line between robot and machine is both vast and profoundly thin. Control is the biography of Joy Division lead singer Ian Curtis, taking his story from schoolboy days of 1973 to his suicide on the eve of the band's first American tour in 1980. Circuit crashes on a hostile planet with no memory of why he is there. he just knows his mission is complete and he needs to return to The Orbitor Space Station. The only way he can get back to the space station is by finding a city called Caelum. Will he make it to the city or will he be deleted by an evil race called Viruses? Only time will tell and time is counting down... Aliens invade, this time delivering a clear ultimatum. The fate of humanity hangs in the balance as the U.S. President and citizens decide if these aliens are to be trusted... or feared. Set in 2019, The Beyond chronicles the groundbreaking mission which sent astronauts - modified with advanced robotics, through a newly discovered wormhole known as the Void. When the mission returns unexpectedly, the space agency races to discover what the astronauts encountered on their first of its kind interstellar space journey. Five thirty-something men in as many separate segments struggle to grapple with the relentless absurdity of their respective existences. In a future in which the earth has been sent out of control, affected by a cruel and inhuman mechanism that turns back Darwin's theory of Evolution, Hamming and Liv try to survive. It seems that nothing can stand in the way of their relationship, but every person gradually starts to feel animal instincts: uncontrolled aggression, protection of offspring, spontaneous sexual desire. When Liv disappears, Hamming has to make an important step - to face the world endangering his very own life in order to find her. A man is sent back in time, but he cant remember why or even who he is. Meanwhile a group of unknown mercenaries have traveled back in time to kill him and the only thing keeping him alive is the knowledge held in his talking robotic golden hand. In the throes of a zombie apocalypse, A troubled woman from Las Vegas with a dark past, finds herself stranded in the desert with a lone and ravenous zombie on her tail. A young boy searches a future world wasteland for a rumored cure for his dying mother. Some years ago, the world experienced a "day of reckoning" when creatures came up from below and purged humanity of evil. Now, it is happening again.  Married for ten years, in full crisis, thinking about divorce. But following a failed scientific experiment, they suddenly find one inside the body of the other. A man returns to the Midwestern farm of his childhood on a desperate mission to unearth the horrifying truth of what landed there in the summer of 1960. The family of Ana Luisa meets at home to celebrate her father's birthday. As the guests sit around the table they will share memories of the past, in which all have a common denominator: the late Josefa, Ana Luisa's mother. Hearing the stories, Ana Luisa realizes the impact that his late mother had on their life choices and imagines what would have happened if she had followed other paths, taken other options and said what was unsaid. At the same time, an event of unknown origin causes a change in space and time, enabling people all over the world the access to parallel universes. Ana Luisa will thus have the opportunity to change the past... 14,000 year-old "Man from Earth" John Oldman, now teaching in northern California, realizes that not only is he finally starting to age, but four students have discovered his deepest secret, putting his life in grave danger and potentially destroying the world's most popular religion. Aliens have invaded and overtaken the Earth. Trying to escape defeat, a Chinese General (Tiger Hu Chen) is sent back in time trying to devise a way to defeat the alien invaders. A group of journalists currently investigating the disappearance of all the inhabitants of a town one night, 1945. Julia is an investigative journalist who works for a magazine supernatural-themed "Year Zero". Despite not believing in parapsychological events, finds a surprising reality. Following a terrible fact found to be able to feel certain presences, even "see" the past when the force of the environment that is powerful enough. Retro-futuristic timetravel-mystery. If you like your comedy served up raw, tasty and wicked-funny, D.L. Hughley is your kind of stand-up guy. One of the most popular comedians of film, TV and radio unleashes a hilarious display of stand-up comedy genius in this uncut Showtime special taped before a wildly enthusiastic live New Jersey audience. It's comedy that'll re-boot your entire sense of humor: D.L. HUGHLEY: RESET! Five film students are producing a documentary about the local zoo when suddenly the animals go berserk: The reason is a light ball flying by in the sky and crashing at the horizon. Convinced that they've just witnessed a meteor landing the students follow the trajectory to document the event with their camera. In a forest area they discover a burned crater. Since it's too dark to film they decide to spend the night in their van. The next morning one of them is missing. The remaining students find first a trail of blood and then the torn up pieces of what used to be their friend. Soon they realize that something is hunting them - something that's not from this world. A glass in free fall. Have you ever thought if it is possible to calculate into how many pieces it can break into? After numerous experiments, a team of researchers succeeds in doing just this apparently impossible task. Attracted to their experiment, a mysterious professor invites the scientists in his isolated mansion to know more about their studies. However, when they arrive, they are not greeted by their host but they are faced with a strange model of the mansion, in which some absolutely normal but incredible actions are acted. The researchers will soon understand to be involved in a new experiment in which they'll have to play a very different role than usual: that of the glass in free fall. A young idealist; Ethan, is left searching for his family while fighting the infected, Med-Ex militia and bloodthirsty marauders, and the ghosts of his past. 12-year-old dreamer Vlad accidentally gets caught in a conflict between two alien forces. Together with an electric transformer box The Bobot, a brave girl and an eccentric scientist he has to save the world from a global catastrophe. A surreal sci-fi romance wherein a beautiful young woman and strange metaphysical forces threaten the reality of a reclusive video arcade technician, resulting in bizarre biomechanical mutations and a shocking self-realization. When the world fell into chaos from an unknown bacteria, some safe zones began taking advantage of the less fortunate for their own gains. With resources dwindling and insurrectionists ... Twenty-three years after her hooker mother tried to kill her in the womb Helen remains damaged psychological goods. A mindset that gets worse when she suffers a traumatic head injury in an accident. Awakening in hospital, it's discovered Helen has a tumour growth in her brain causing her to experience dark visions, disembodied voices and the omnipresence of a strange young woman. Soon, lost in a walking nightmare, in which nothing is what it seems, and her vicious actions barely remembered, it becomes crystal clear that whatever is inside her cracked psyche will stop at nothing to get out. Jackie Chan stars as a hardened special forces agent who fights to protect a young woman from a sinister criminal gang. At the same time, he feels a special connection to the young woman, like they met in a different life. A couple moves into a palatial house. Supernatural occurrences follow, which lead to the couple unearthing a story of the house's previous inhabitants, which is a tale about a family comprising a little girl called Naani, whose spirit guards the house. Paris, in the near future, Wilfried Max, director of a major advertising agency, acquires a smartphone app that allows you to travel in the past and in the future over 8 days. After seeing a happy event in recent days, he decides to visit the future and will witness a terrible situation .. A Hollywood studio executive is being sent death threats by a writer whose script he rejected - but which one? A young immigrant is shot down while illegally crossing the border. Terrified and in shock, wounded Aryan can now mysteriously levitate at will. Thrown into a refugee camp, he is smuggled out by Dr Stern, intent on exploiting his extraordinary secret. Pursued by enraged camp director Laszlo, the fugitives remain on the move in search of safety and money. Inspired by Aryan's amazing powers, Stern takes a leap of faith in a world where miracles are trafficked for small change... An exiled space detective returns to help an old flame but finds himself tangled in a web of interstellar intrigue, galactic gangsters, and a sinister scheme that threatens the very fate of the entire galaxy! 1990, after the fall. A man struggles to survive in the forest, living alone in a small cabin. One day he spots a mysterious child in an abandoned summer camp. A badly injured fugitive explains to a priest how he came to be in his present predicament. Mercedes' fantasy turns into a nightmare. Juan's greatest fear takes the shape of a strange man entering his house. The city has fallen into chaos and anarchy, so it's going to be difficult to get some ice for the drinks; but tonight, Mercedes is an object of desire to men, so nothing else matters. Daytime Emmy nominated documentary, A World of Dreams: Voices from the OUT100 covers the annual Out100, a list of the LGBT community's biggest movers and shakers. In this special highlights 12 of 2013's most outstanding. Featuring Edie Windsor, Laverne Cox, Dustin Lance Black, Choire Sicha, Tarell McCraney, John Krokidas, Paul Katami, Jeff Zarrillo, Shayne Oliver, Casey Legler, Lea Dalaria, and Liz Carmouche. Virtual technologies and human touch interaction blend when scientist Max Bernholm discovers that by connecting himself to a computer server he can achieve "the human feel." This allows users of the program, known as "The Generator," to experience the same feelings that the human subjects were experiencing when connected to their computer systems. Leander, the captain of the subjects was brought in as a kid and trained to make other people's dreams or fantasies come true within the virtual world. However when Max, testing his newest technology of mind control, starts to lose control, Leander and his girlfriend Natalia are drawn into a hazardous game. The only chance to stop Max depends on Leander gambling with his life, but if he succeeds, he could save not only his own life, but the lives of his loved ones. A wry story of female friendship: Jean and Kate, two "nearing-thirty" street performers, find the ups and downs of life and love amid the pubs and music scene of modern day Dublin. Two graffiti artists break into an abandoned, reportedly haunted research facility in hopes of creating an art installation, but stumble upon a secret team of demented researchers who are in the process of resurrecting an ancient sea creature - who they now must fight in order to escape alive. A director whose life crumbled when Cello, his Hollywood starlet girlfriend, killed herself, becomes obsessed with a robot designed to replicate her after he's offered the chance to direct the film of Cello's life. The story will depict Joe Shimamura and the other cyborgs' struggle with the Bresudo, a group of people who possess superhuman powers and intellect, and have manipulated human history since ancient times. Their goals are unknown, and they cast a dark shadow over the world. Though few people believe in the Bresdo's existence, one American journalist named Lucie Davenport heads to Texas to contact a certain family, and she meets the cyborgs. The cyborgs themselves have been freed from their duty of protecting humanity ever since the establishment of the UN Guardian troops, and they now live quiet lives of peace. Pakistan's first superhero film Project Ghazi project has been a hot topic in the entertainment industry of Pakistan ever since the project was announced last year. Humayun Saeed, Shehryar Munawar and Syra Shahroz will be seen in lead roles. The Great Guys Faye Banks is lost in a world in which she doesn't belong. When her imagination leads her to enter a competition to win a one way ticket to Mars, the consequences will change her life forever. A drug-addled techno producer invents a device that 'sends consciousness to the next level'. When experiments go horrifically wrong he takes extreme measures to find more 'volunteers'. A young man and his friends experiment with human-initiated contact techniques in an attempt to develop a peaceful relationship with extra-terrestrials. An ironic New York City thriller involving a mafioso and a restless, witty lawyer. "Aliens Stole My Boyfriend" - Two cute alien chicks crash land their space buggy in the parking lot of the motor court looking for Earth boyfriends. "Coma Girl" - A macabre maintenance man falls in love with a comatose patient at the convalescent home where he works much to the dismay of her faithful husband. "Brain Robbers In Love" - A powerful older woman steals the body of a young woman using a top-secret brain-swapping devise stolen from a government vault. "The Problem With Clones" - A skip-tracer must search through a family of clones to find the sister who murdered her look alike. "Four-Eyes" - A paraplegic hit man is encouraged to pursue his gruesome talent by a man who wants to murder his ex-wife. "Life After Men" - In the near future, males are virtually extinct from disease and are tracked down my man hunters working for the new government. Shannon and Kris embark on a cross country road trip, to put back the pieces of their strained friendship. But it all falls apart when their car breaks down in Kain, Arizona. A place where you can check in anytime you want, but you can never leave. When the sun rises on an unsuspecting group of friends on a bushland road trip, so does the horror. They have stumbled upon an abandoned facility, yet there are children on the grounds, showing signs of reanimated life. And these children are hungry... Horrific Nazi experiments have left a surviving WWII soldier with a terrifying condition: at the sight of fresh blood, he transforms into a man-sized, blood-sucking killer insect. Refusing to let his affliction destroy him and all he loves, he instead commits himself to using his "powers" for good-by finding the people responsible and bringing them to justice. Zero's Strange World video starred Garrett Hill, Keegan Sauder, John Rattray, Sheldon Meleshinski, Tony Cervantes, Ben Gilley, Marisa Dal Santo, Jamie Thomas, Elissa Steamer, Donovan Piscopo, Tommy Sandoval, Dane Burman, James Brockman, Tom Asta, Chris Cole and Jamie Tancowny. In the year 2048, the human race is forced to leave Earth after decades of losing against Godzilla and other giant monsters. They take a twenty-year journey to another planet called Tau Ceti-e, but upon arrival, they discover that the planet has become uninhabitable. As living conditions on their ship deteriorate, a young man named Haruo spearheads a movement to return to Earth and take it back from the monsters. The ship successfully makes the return voyage, but the crew realizes that twenty thousand years have passed, with Earth's ecosystem having evolved to become centered around Godzilla. A high school senior, Alex Lainey, has an encounter with mysterious lights that appear over her small town. She soon develops dangerous, supernatural abilities and turns to her childhood friend Sean Terrel. The authorities target them and a chase ensues as officials try to discover the truth behind Alex's transformation. Narumi is on bad terms with her husband Shinji when one day, Shinji goes missing. He comes back a couple of days later, but seems like a totally different person, and is now gentle and tender. He goes for a walk every day. Meanwhile, Journalist Sakurai covers the story of a family that was brutally murdered, when an unexplained phenomenon takes place. Shinji Kase tells his wife that he came to Earth to invade. A divorced mother looks to protect her daughter after an unexpected tragedy. In 1987, during the austere days of Thatcher's Britain, a teenager learns to live life, understand his family, and find his own voice through the music of Bruce Springsteen. An engineer in charge of the production line of a factory in Moscow is sent to a small town to try to specify the distributor the new dimensions of a mechanic part they need. But in this town everybody seems to be crazy (a secretary who works naked, a group of people take the engineer as a rock &amp; roll player, etc) and, in addition, this man is witness of a suicide, so he is trapped inside the town. It is the year 2022. A mysterious systems failure causes the crew of a spaceship to be stranded on the dark side of the moon, while rapidly running out of fuel and oxygen. They are surprised to discover a NASA space shuttle floating in space, and board it in the hope of salvaging some supplies. One by one, the crew is possessed and killed, and it is up to Paxton Warner to find the links between the dark side of the moon, the Bermuda Triangle, and the Devil himself. An actress accidentally ends up in a room with a weird group of women claiming to be travelling in a secret high-tech space device to Mars. Evacuated from their home, two teenage sisters unite with fellow survivors and escape London by river to embark on an odyssey across the badlands of Britain. A group of strangers come across a man dying after a car crash who proceeds to tell them about the $350,000 he buried in California. What follows is the madcap adventures of those strangers as each attempts to claim the prize for himself. An anthology that tells four horror stories centered around a stolen "cursed" comic book. Wracked by nightmares of the abduction of his stripper sister, Lucas Chance sets out to rescue her from a web of human trafficking and experimentation, in the process discovering the dreams he suffers from are not his own. During the One Year War of U.C. 0079, the Earth Federation and Principality of Zeon engage in a fierce battle at the "Thunderbolt Sector", a shoal zone in the former Colony Side 4 "Moore". After successfully infiltrating Zeon's sniper field, ace Federation pilot and jazz enthusiast Io Fleming is given control of the latest Gundam prototype. The story is about medieval warrior who fights for the honor of his land and the dignity of the womenfolk. The story travels centuries apart as he emerges in another role as a modern Indian equivalent of James Bond, a stylish top secret agent. The marauding aliens run amok, as they are hundreds of years ahead in technology. LionHeart is their only stumbling block in their march to overpower Planet Earth. Will LionHeart manage with his primitive weapons, or will he surrender. There is romance apart from action and high drama and finally, an amazing twist in the tale!! Year 2095. The world is ravaged by ecological disaster. Oceans have risen and all natural freshwater is gone. Fang Rung has undergone molecular fission in order to send his other half, code name Gordon Thomas, back in time to the year 2017. Gordon goes in search of scientist Mona Lindkvist whose ground-breaking research was lost before it could save the world. When Fang Rung loses contact with Gordon he sees no alternative but to travel back to 2017 himself trying to locate his other half before the world's balances are irreparably damaged. It's a race against time for Fang Rung to save himself and the world. What happens when a person decides that life is merely a state of mind? If you're Betty, a small-town waitress and soap opera fan from Fair Oaks, Kansas, you refuse to believe that you can't be with the love of your life just because he doesn't really exist. After all, life is no excuse for not living. Traumatized by a savage event, Betty enters into a fugue state that allows -- even encourages -- her to keep functioning... in a kind of alternate reality. The year is 2097 and after the third world war lasting 20 years, ending in 2092 The world leaders disarmed earth from all weapons, by sending them in spaceships towards the sun. With only the black market having a few guns and running out of bullets, a new kind of weapon was created to keep the market in business..... A young woman awakens in a world devastated by meteorite strike, yet she recalls her own death 70 years ago. Searching for answers she finds plague, destruction, madness and a terrifying adversary, who confronts her with a long forgotten memory and a impossible choice. The existence of a lonely figure in Mexico City is slipped uncontrollably throughout bodies every so often, making his essence travel through bodies of men and women. Boredom and hopelessness of this being are faced by the love for Luisa and the need to be with her. He starts a struggle to communicate that love via different faces and bodies until he may be with her in spite of his condition. The story 11-year-old Luis who makes friends with three loveable little aliens, who crash their UFO into his house. In return for Luis' help in finding the home-shopping channel stuff they came for, they save Luis from boarding school - and an exciting adventure follows. An aggressive race of aliens took over Planet Earth and humanity's at its end, living in giant bunkers below ground. Young Military rookie S.U.M.1 (Iwan Rheon) is sent to the surface to save a group of unprotected survivors. it will be cool, I promise. From the ashes of a fallen society, a new cluster of assassins will rise, to avenge their dead comrades. A reckless teenager is leaving school when he inadvertently wanders into a place where time and space are warped...and there might be someone else there with him. Liam wakes from a car crash with no memory of who he is. As he makes his way into town to look for help, he finds only dead bodies, all with strange pale eyes. Liam's first assessment is that a virus is present in the air, but he soon discovers the horrible truth: anyone who comes within a 50-foot radius of him dies instantly. The Hunt is On in the Year 2099 in This Sequel to the Mega-hit Scifi Sex Romp, Virgin Hunters! Unsatisfied by Her Lex 500 Sex Robot, Mega-conglomerate Overlord and Supreme Commander of the World Alliance, Camella Swales, Has Banned All Forms of Sex. Enter the Alterrians: an Erotic Race of Virgin Hunting Sexual Predators. They've Come to Earth With One Thing On Their Minds, and They Won't Let a Worldwide Ban On Sex Stop Them from Enjoying Their Vacation. Deputy Officer of the United Nations Alliance, Simon Marcus, who aims to conquer the world with the terrorist organization Downfall along with the mad scientist Keiji Uraga, attack the Kamen Riders with overwhelming strength. It is only on Kamen Rider Grease that the enemy's abilities did not work. In order to defeat this new enemy and rescue Misora, Kazumi Sawatari must create a new item ... but it is told that it requires the  life of his friends, the Three Crows. The ultimate decision must be made. Rio de Janeiro, 1950. In the conservative Portuguese Gusmao household, Euridice and Guida are inseparable until Guida elopes with a handsome sailor. When she returns months later, pregnant and single, her father banishes her. The sisters struggle in their separate lives, hoping to reunite someday. An intelligent android (Michael) constructed by a research team is taken outdoors and successfully passed off as human in a trial run. When the government hears of this, they order their own set of tests in Washington. When the project leader realizes the military want the android for a soldier, he can't accept it, and he and Michael go into hiding to avoid their clutches. In pursuit of the best that the winter of 2012 had to offer, the Absinthe crew employed a dual strategy to both hustle &amp; hunker down waiting. In a year of erratic snowfall, there was no other way to slay. But by splitting up and spreading out across the globe in smaller groups, they stacked the odds in their favor. The strategy worked. Tight, agile crews tuned themselves to local frequencies enabling them to tap into record-breaking dumps in Europe, heavy sessions in the Pacific Northwest, Japan, and ultimately, Alaska. It was a winter with Resonance: new riders came on board, new locations were exposed and as always, the Absinthe cameras captured all the action on film. A teenage girl misses her flight at JFK Airport and meets a young British guy who may turn out to be her true love. Abandoned and filled with a mysterious past, Holy Angel School for Girls is about to reveal its secrets of betrayal, jealousy, and vengeance. Rumours of haunting, paired with the desire to forget the painful tragedy that took place years before, have kept the truth buried with the innocent victims. To push the crime rate below one percent for the rest of the year, the New Founding Fathers of America test a sociological theory that vents aggression for one night in one isolated community. But when the violence of oppressors meets the rage of the others, the contagion will explode from the trial-city borders and spread across the nation. Following an accident, an Engineer of an asteroid mining company endures the extreme limits - both physical and psychological - of human survival, trapped inside an escape pod as he helplessly idles towards the Sun. Aiman, who deals with never-ending problems starts to wonder the judgment given by God which brings him to stuck in another dimension leading him being fully alone until he starts meeting a mysterious woman named Maya. Orishas: The Hidden Pantheon In 2030 the world is in a permanent state of economic recession and facing serious environmental problems as a result of global warming. An intelligent, lovable robot known as "F.R.E.D.I." is stolen from a secret research facility by the project's lead scientist. The robot is found by a 15 year old teenager, James. Soon the two begin to communicate and create a bond in which F.R.E.D.I. learns about teenage life and James learns about some new values. A love-crazed couple from the future is chased back in time by the treacherous underworld they betrayed. A girl named Lin,Xia come to a lonely island to save the world in less than 24 hours.Meanwhile, there are men in black are chasing after her.What does she bring with her?How could she save mankind from the supernova explosion? Nobody ever dies in the city of perfection. A young girl on a far off planet in another solar system discovers that all she has been told is not true, her search for truth and love is an adventurous and cautionary tale. Set in the futuristic Metro City, Astro Boy (Atom) is a young robot with incredible powers created by a brilliant scientist in the image of the son he had lost. Unable to fulfill his creator's expectations, Astro embarks on a journey in search of acceptance, experiencing betrayal and a netherworld of robot gladiators, before returning to save Metro City and reconcile with the father who rejected him. While their parents undertake prolonged home renovations, a child is left to roam the house, absorbing the chaos of construction and adult anxieties. Mia Parc an amazing photographer/reporter is on a mission to capture the legendary Red Hand - a bartender of world renown who never shows his face. Struggling screenwriter Josh Kendricks finds himself the star of his own disaster movie when super volcanoes begin erupting all over Los Angeles Now Josh, along with wacko-scientist-turned-novelist Quinn Irwin and Hollywood diva Kat Rivers, must band together to get Quinns' research to the mayor and save the city before it blows in one final eruption. After the human race has been wiped out, Del lives in an empty town, content in his solitude and the utopia he has methodically created for himself, until he meets young Grace, who wants to stay with him. The sequel to Monster Hunt. Set in a world where monsters and humans co-exist, the franchise tells the story of Wuba, a baby monster born to be king. Wuba becomes the central figure in stopping an all-out monster civil war. LA Detective Aiden Smith takes down Drug Lord and Cop Killer Damian Espinado, but all goes to hell as Damian returns to life by surrendering his body and becoming a vessel for the God of Death. A particle physicist grieving over the loss of her husband in a car crash uses a revolutionary machine to bring him back, with dire consequences for her family. A teen-aged Catholic girl carries on a secret relationship. Under torture, Indian gangster Tiger Memon confesses to his involvement in a plot to set off explosives throughout Bombay. The police choose not to believe him, however, and bombs tear through the city that Friday, wreaking havoc and polarizing the citizens of Bombay. Through a series of interviews, DCP Rakesh Maria comes closer to discovering who the leader of the conspiracy is, but it soon becomes clear that a foreign power must be involved. Trapped in a damaged cryogenic pod, a man is forced to watch a series of horrific science-fiction tales while his life support systems run out. Featuring eight intense stories of the unknown and other-worldly, equally wonderful and terrifying. Visit the GALAXY OF HORRORS, if you dare! Curated from Rue Morgue &amp; Unstable Ground's Little Terrors Festival. In 1916, beautiful young mute Helen is a domestic worker for elderly, ailing Mrs. Warren. Mrs. Warren's two adult sons, Albert (a professor) and womanizing impudent Steven, also live in the Warren mansion. Mrs. Warren becomes concerned for Helen's safety when a rash of murders involving 'women with afflictions' hits the neighborhood. She implores her physician, Dr. Parry, to take Helen away for her own safety. When another murder occurs inside the Warren mansion, it becomes obvious that Helen is in danger. Space Sheriff Gavan vs Tokusou Sentai Dekaranger features the return of Yuma Ishigaki from 2012's Space Sheriff Gavan: The Movie and the 2015 Space Sheriff Next Generation films. The first installment will join the two police themed heroes as they face a massive space crime organization. Girls in Trouble: Space Squad Episode Zero is an installment in the Toei Company V-Cinema series. Space Squad serves as a crossover between the revival of the Metal Heroes' Space Sheriff series and the Super Sentai series Tokusou Sentai Dekaranger. A prologue to Gavan vs. Dekaranger, this movie focuses on the female characters of both series. Five friends plot to murder an upstairs neighbor simply to avoid an awkward conversation. Hunted by government agents and constantly assaulted by a cartel of vengeful thugs, an amnesiac known only as "626" searches for her true identity while protecting a teenage girl who shares her superhuman abilities; but when 626 uncovers the horrifying truth about her past, she must infiltrate enemy headquarters to expose a corporate conspiracy that threatens the free world,before she and her companion are silenced forever. A girl named Lin,Xia come to a lonely island to save the world in less than 24 hours.Meanwhile, there are men in black are chasing after her.What does she bring with her?How could she save mankind from the supernova explosion? College student Beca knows she does not want to be part of a clique, but that's exactly where she finds herself after arriving at her new school. Thrust in among mean gals, nice gals and just plain weird gals, Beca finds that the only thing they have in common is how well they sing together. She takes the women of the group out of their comfort zone of traditional arrangements and into a world of amazing harmonic combinations in a fight to the top of college music competitions. Three years after the demise of Jurassic World, a volcanic eruption threatens the remaining dinosaurs on the isla Nublar, so Claire Dearing, the former park manager, recruits Owen Grady to help prevent the extinction of the dinosaurs once again. Upon receiving reports of missing persons at Fort Spencer, a remote Army outpost on the Western frontier, Capt. John Boyd investigates. After arriving at his new post, Boyd and his regiment aid a wounded frontiersman who recounts a horrifying tale of a wagon train murdered by its supposed guide -- a vicious U.S. Army colonel gone rogue. Fearing the worst, the regiment heads out into the wilderness to verify the gruesome claims. In a forgotten corner of the vast Brazilian bureaucracy, a psychotic boss uses a time machine to enslave his lazy employees and increase productivity. Renowned British dressmaker Reynolds Woodcock comes across Alma, a young, strong-willed woman, who soon becomes a fixture in his life as his muse and lover. Meat the Future ushers the viewer into a world vexed by the impacts of modern day industrial animal agriculture and zeros in on a solution-focused story. Revealing challenges and breakthroughs and posing a myriad of questions about the future, this 90-minute character-driven documentary explores the advent of real meat without the need to raise and slaughter animals.  Spanning three years, Meat the Future chronicles the potentially game-changing birth of a new food industry referred to as "cell-based" "clean" and "cultured" meat - a term hotly debated as the industry approaches commercialization In the midst of his crumbling relationship, a radio show host begins speaking to his biggest fan--a young boy--via the telephone. But when questions about the boy's identity come up, the host's life is thrown into chaos. Armin, in his fourties, is a freelancer with lots of time and little money. He's not really happy, but can't picture living a different life. One morning the world looks the same as always, but mankind has disappeared. A document of Tatsumi Hijikata's Butoh dance with Kazuo Ohno as the guest dancer shot in Hijikata's early period when he was emerging as the originator of Butoh. All of the male dancers are dressed up with evening suits and move gracefully, yet an intruder breaks up the whole scene abruptly. The film is worth seeing, even if just to see a memorable gay duet of Hijikata and Ohno. Overexposed, washed out images are sandwiched among normal ones. An American Agent from 1938 travels through time to hamstring Hitler! Transported to the year 2018, he hoodwinks hoodlums, infuriates the Fuhrer,  and goes gaga for a gal 80 years his junior! During the most drastic and prolonged drought in California history, a water truck delivery driver uses his resources to return water to the communities that need it most. Alex, finds himself lying on the floor of his apartment with no memory of anything about him or anyone/anything else. He will try to find out how this happened to him with help from his girlfriend MIA. While two guys, Jack and Max, are chasing him for some reason. Alex doesn't remember anything, but sooner or later everything will be revealed. A college student, who sees a UFO, uses his exceptional math skills to investigate the sighting with his friends while the FBI follows closely behind. Six directors picked a favorite song by Japanese punk rock band "The Blue Hearts" and made a short film inspired by the song. A neurotic fashion designer from New York, who discovers her fiancee working overseas in Vietnam may be having an affair with a Vietnamese supermodel. With jealousy burning and their wedding date on the horizon, she conjures up a scheme to infiltrate the high fashion world of Saigon in order to catch him in the act. But her plan backfires when she befriends the supermodels and discovers there is much more to life than living it through a series of checklists. Desperate to get back on top, venture capitalist Joel meets Nicolaus and Lester, entrepreneurs seeking investors for Empathy, Inc., a virtual reality startup offering realistic and moving experiences for users by placing them in the lives of the less fortunate. Joel gets the startup its funds but soon discovers the tech's creators have a far more insidious agenda. Jannertown is another one of those British films about; bereavement, teenage crushes, ghosts, time travel, superhero origins and gangsters tolerance of workplace diversity. A genre- mashing cine-puzzle. A time travel experiment that was supposed to produce a window into time turns out to be a portal instead. One of the experimenters steps through into a not-too-distant-future world that has been destroyed by nuclear war. Some of the others follow, but then the portal phases out and they can't get back. Things just get worse after that. They run across a rocket that has landed to escape pursuing enemies, bearing scientists who survived the war, and many android "slaves." The time travellers are invited to escape when the ship is again ready to blast off - but just before that happens, the scientits' enemy returns and fires on the sitting-duck ship. A very bad day for the scientists turns terminal at that point, and the 20th-century Earthlings barely escape with their skins. The story continues with the next installment in the "Time Travelers" trilogy. Four months have passed and the team is still trapped in an alternate present. Now, with Frost leading the world as president of the USA, the group must find the remaining crystal and change the past to fix our present. The third and final installment of the "Time Travelers" trilogy. A middle-aged office worker encounters aliens and is gifted with alien technology and limitless powers. Jack is back and this time the troublesome plants he's facing are pumpkins. Genbetter has been growing gourds and the massive orange veggies are on the attack. Can Jack and his friends stop an invasion of pumpkin-headed monsters? Two unemployable actresses become real superheroes thanks to twin space fairies. The third volume from the new hit TV series includes four fun and spooky episodes for Halloween. Vampire Strikes Back: The gang runs into a real life vampire in a Transylvanian castle Mummy Scares Best: The gang investigates a mummy on the loose in Egypt High-Tech House of the Future: The gang is trapped in a beserk automated house of the future at the Omaha World Fair She Sees a Sea Monster by the Sea Shore: The gang's tropical island vacation is ruined by a boat-smashing sea monster. Global Warning is a World Wrestling Entertainment Tour of Australia that took place on August 10, 2002 at Colonial Stadium in Melbourne, Australia.  The main event was a Triple Threat match in which The Rock defended the World Heavyweight Championship against Triple H and Brock Lesnar.  Other matches include a Bra and panties match between Torrie Wilson and Stacy Keibler, Edge vs Chris Jericho, Kurt Angle vs. Test, Rikishi vs Rico in a Kiss My Ass match, Jamie Noble vs Hurricane Helms for the Cruiserweight Championship, and Lance Storm 7 Christian defending the Tag team Championships against Billy Kidman and Rey Mysterio. The Doctor, Vicki and Steven arrive on an arid planet where they meet the beautiful Drahvins and the hideous Rills. Each has crash-landed after a confrontation in space. The Rills are friendly, compassionate explorers. The Drahvins are dull-witted, cloned soldiers, terrorised by the intelligent, warlike matriarch Maaga. The Space Squad returns in the sequel to the original Space People. When Captain Vek Tempus is framed for an assassination attempt on the galactic president, he's forced to go on the run and return to the planet Earth. As he and his crew attempt to clear his name, they come into contact with enemies both old and new-but-strangely-familiar. A man whose brain becomes magnetized unintentionally destroys every tape in his friend's video store. In order to satisfy the store's most loyal renter, an aging woman with signs of dementia, the two men set out to remake the lost films. Zorkon and Galaxia are a couple of aliens who come to Earth to learn how to reproduce in order to save their dying race. However, things go awry after Galaxia discovers that she's a lesbian, which in turn could undermine the success of their mission. This remake of the 1970s TV series "Silver Kamen" and "Super Robot Red Baron" pits two families (one with an armored bionic superhero, and the other a red giant robot) against evil aliens to save Earth and prevent the extinction of mankind. A time travel experiment that was supposed to produce a window into time turns out to be a portal instead. One of the experimenters steps through into a not-too-distant-future world that has been destroyed by nuclear war. Some of the others follow, but then the portal phases out and they can't get back. Things just get worse after that. They run across a rocket that has landed to escape pursuing enemies, bearing scientists who survived the war, and many android "slaves." The time travellers are invited to escape when the ship is again ready to blast off - but just before that happens, the scientits' enemy returns and fires on the sitting-duck ship. A very bad day for the scientists turns terminal at that point, and the 20th-century Earthlings barely escape with their skins. The short film project "Regrets of the Past" was realized by a team of local filmmakers whose goal it was to create a high-quality sci-fi movie in Austria, based within the Star Wars universe. The crew diligently focused on the visual language of the film which tries to adhere as closely as possible to the original trilogy developed by George Lucas in the 1970s. The story is set after the events that led to the inception of the Galactic Empire (Star Wars - Episode III) and follows the fate of two fugitive Jedi knights. Pursued by a bounty hunter, Pash Sularen and his Padawan Kaila Dain crash on a remote plant and are confronted with their past. Principal photography took place in Austria from 2013 through 2015, followed by one year of post production. The crew of 150 consisted mainly of working professionals in the Austrian film industry who supported the project in their spare time. Spider-Man: Balance Act  A woman is forced to go on the run when her superhuman abilities are discovered. Years after having abandoned her family, the only place she has left to hide is home. Earth is no place for virgins. The Virgin Hunters are back in the latest installment of the hit series that keeps - going. Ten people arrive at a secluded mountain resort to find it completely deserted. With no gas for the return trip, the visitors are forced to stay and investigate the mystery surrounding the abandoned lodge. Leon is in his mid-twenties and terminally ill. He invents a technology that allows him to computerize his mind and live forever. This technology will be the downfall of mankind, so freedom fighter Aqua travels back from the future to kill him. The two fall in love and turbulent events follow. Agent Jason Smith finds himself caught in a bad situation after an inhuman deadly threat from the past is unleashed to find and destroy him. Three horror stories, with each set in the past, present and future. The action now takes place miles away from the original location and partly in broad daylight, giving the film an entirely fresh yet disturbing new reality. The infection has left the building. In a clever twist that draws together the plots of the first two movies, this third part of the saga also works as a decoder to uncover information hidden in the first two films and leaves the door open for the final installment, the future '[REC] 4 Apocalypse.' HH is a psychological low sci-fi (sci-chological) thriller that depicts the story of prisoners trapped in a mysterious facility run by a virtual cat head. To survive, they must help or hinder their partners, solve puzzles, and hopefully learn to trust each other to escape alive, all within 90 mins. A boy witnesses the abduction of his friend and does nothing, sending him into an ethereal state of panic as he attempts to deal with his immense guilt and survive while being plagued by lucid dreams of the murderers. When the evil Dr. Hell attacks the Earth, the mighty giant mecha Mazinger Z is formed to stop him. A team of satellite technicians enter the woods to repair a communication station but they are forced to rescue the crew of an airplane that crashed near a lake. They quickly realise that something may be coming from the lake that is affecting their minds and the passing of time. As they lose their inhibitions their most primal desires take hold. Lured on by the unseen entity it seems that only one of the team is permitted to bond with it and so be reborn in a new physical body. A terrifying game of strategy not to survive, but rather to die with the promise of life anew. Darken is set in a bizarre, mysterious, and violent unknown world with danger and death around every corner. After a young woman is accosted by a dying warrior in the middle of the street, a bizarre incantation propels her into the realm of Darken - a violent prison-like world of labyrinthine rooms, interconnected with no apparent rhyme or reason and no way of escape. As she fights for survival within this brutal place, she finds allies who are rebelling against the rule of a self-appointed religious despot who demands allegiance to an all-powerful god called "Mother Darken." Eve and her allies must fight with everything they have if they are to have any hope of surviving the horrors Darken has in store for them. It started as a Bible study group that later fell into spiritualism and ultimately murder. The Halstead murder case is presented with other true accounts about supernatural beings manifesting as angels from heaven, spirits of the dead, ascended masters and aliens. A brutal mugging leaves Grey Trace paralyzed in the hospital and his beloved wife dead. A billionaire inventor soon offers Trace a cure -- an artificial intelligence implant called STEM that will enhance his body. Now able to walk, Grey finds that he also has superhuman strength and agility -- skills he uses to seek revenge against the thugs who destroyed his life. The Borg, a relentless race of cyborgs, are on a direct course for Earth. Violating orders to stay away from the battle, Captain Picard and the crew of the newly-commissioned USS Enterprise E pursue the Borg back in time to prevent the invaders from changing Federation history and assimilating the galaxy. A storm is coming. No one could predict it. No one can measure it. Now one family must survive it. You can't come in from the cold.  Turkey Day, football game, symphony, hair salons and other locations in Okmulgee, OK; Muskogee, OK; near Little Rock, AR; St Louis, MO; and England, AK. Spanning nearly 40 years from 1925 to 1964, two Texas farm boys; straight-arrow Gid and laid-back Johnny fight over the affections of the beautiful and headstrong Molly Taylor, who consistently refuses to marry either of them. New York manicurist Mamie Murphy plans to marry a rich man, so she repeatedly turns down the proposals of honest reporter David Haines. When she is announced the winner of $2,500 and a ticket worth $150,000 for champion horse Lady Luck, if the horse wins an upcoming race, Mamie is pursued by wealthy sportsman Jack Conroy and nightclub owner and racketeer Tony Morelli. Raju is a boy from India that has plenty of interests! Playing soccer, studying hard, and... saving the world?! Srivalli is a movie about a neuroscientist Srivalli(title role played by Neha Hinge) who undergoes an experiment about brain wave simulation. The story revolves around the effects and the repercussions she faces once her brain starts reacting to the experiment. Srivalli loses track of the past, present and future unable to distinguish between simulation and reality leading to thrilling circumstances. 20 years after three teenagers disappeared in the wake of mysterious lights appearing above Phoenix, Arizona, unseen footage from that night has been discovered, chronicling the final hours of their fateful expedition. Five government contractors wake up to find themselves contained under the infamous Area 51. They are forced to confront a sinister government experiment and a horrifying Alien host. 'The Boss' the leader of a top-secret organization, is willing to take some serious and dangerous risks to behold a new job. A story of two responsible minds and their quest for an alternative source of energy in a country plunged into darkness and turmoil. FBI agent Joel Campbell, burnt-out and shell-shocked after years spent chasing serial killers, flees L.A. to begin a new life for himself in Chicago. But five months later, Joel's best laid plans are abruptly cut short when his new hometown becomes the setting for some particularly gruesome murders--murders that could only have been committed by one man: David Allen Griffin. One of Joel's most elusive and cunning nemeses, Griffin has followed his former pursuer to Chicago in order to play a sadistic game of cat and mouse. Taunting Joel with photographs of his intended victims and leaving his crime scenes meticulously free of clues in order to keep the police at bay, Griffin derives as much pleasure out of watching Joel react to every movement as watching his victims die. But when Griffin moves into Joel's inner circle, Joel must quickly find some way to stop him before someone close to him becomes the next one to die. Maksim, an investing manager, is too busy reading the news in his social network feeds fails to notice his own problems, until the news really start to influence his own life. To save their Kingdom from an army of undead, a group of warriors must travel through the forbidden lands fighting the fearsome beasts that call The Dark Kingdom their home. An astronomer becomes obsessed with searching the cosmos for signs of life beyond Earth which leads to a shocking discovery. Returning home from a shopping trip to a nearby town, bored suburban housewife Laura Jesson is thrown by happenstance into an acquaintance with virtuous doctor Alec Harvey. Their casual friendship soon develops during their weekly visits into something more emotionally fulfilling than either expected, and they must wrestle with the potential havoc their deepening relationship would have on their lives and the lives of those they love. The astronaut James Dalton is sent to the edge of our galaxy to save the human race from extinction. A family is forced to live in silence while hiding from creatures that hunt by sound. Three beautiful Space Babes find themselves stranded on Earth when their spaceship runs out of energy after a dangerous encounter with their mortal enemies, the Scrotes. Once they discover human sexual arousal can recharge their ship, they accept the help of a lonely farm boy to harness energy at a local strip club and get back home -- all while avoiding the nasty Scrotes. In the summer of 1941, the United States and Japan seem on the brink of war after constant embargos and failed diplomacy come to no end. "Tora! Tora! Tora!", named after the code words use by the lead Japanese pilot to indicate they had surprised the Americans, covers the days leading up to the attack on Pearl Harbor, which plunged America into the Second World War. A young girl on a far off planet in another solar system discovers that all she has been told is not true, her search for truth and love is an adventurous and cautionary tale. A family on a road trip is stalked by criminals who stashed stolen money in their car. The International Space Station is now a prison - the ultimate black site. No one's getting out. And no one knows it's there. But when the imprisoned terrorists take over the Station and turn it into a missile aimed at Moscow, only a shuttle pilot and a rookie doctor can stop them. Their task is complicated by a rogue CIA agent (Scott Adkins) who has his own plans for the station and the terrorists within. In 1944, in the Belgian - German border, seven German soldiers survive an American attack in the front and lock themselves in a bunker to protect the position. Under siege by the enemy and with little ammunition, they decide to explore underground tunnels to seek supplies and find an escape route. While in the tunnel, weird things happen with the group. Geophysicist Dr. Josh Keyes discovers that an unknown force has caused the earth's inner core to stop rotating. With the planet's magnetic field rapidly deteriorating, our atmosphere literally starts to come apart at the seams with catastrophic consequences. To resolve the crisis, Keyes, along with a team of the world's most gifted scientists, travel into the earth's core. Their mission: detonate a device that will reactivate the core. While investigating the furtive world of illegal doping in sports, director Bryan Fogel connects with renegade Russian scientist Dr. Grigory Rodchenkov--a pillar of his country's "anti-doping" program. Over dozens of Skype calls, urine samples, and badly administered hormone injections, Fogel and Rodchenkov grow closer despite shocking allegations that place Rodchenkov at the center of Russia's state-sponsored Olympic doping program. After 8 years, Arif's old friend 216 from planet GORA pays a visit to Earth.Together they go on a quest where they'll be visiting 60's. Win is the only survivor from a black magic attack that has taken away his father's sacred amulet.  When he come back for revenge with a powerful sorcery, he is faced with a new powerful cult that help people to be wealthy but hide its roots of black magic behind the benevolent front.  He will have to destroy this organization before it ruins more lives and also his girlfriend's future After Woody goes missing while working on secret alien research, scientist Maggie Wittington must recruit the former members of Lazer Team to join her in rescuing their lost friend. A small group of town residents have to band together after a devastating ground invasion. As they struggle to survive, they realize they must stay one step ahead of their attackers, and work together for a chance to strike back. There's always an irreparable gap left by the loss of someone you love. Calvin is constantly reminded of the gap Zoe created when she killed the only person he really had. For Zoe, Calvin is just a reminder of a past she wants to forget. But then again, maybe nothing's ever truly irreparable. August 21st, 1955 was a night that they would not forget... Follows a kindly Havana-based planetarium worker who accepts a very special invitation from her neighbour, an extraterrestrial. A snowboard film by Vans, using photo's and rider commentary rather than live motion clips. Welcome to the Rubber Room is a self-produced sci-fi/comedy featuring a cast of (mostly) unknowns portraying regulars at an artsy coffee shop/bar who are facing the end of their fantasy land when The Rubber Room, their favorite hangout, is closing to make way for a Pottery Barn. The Rubber Room has been a sanctuary for them where they go to discuss and display art in all its various forms. The newly married Elizabeth arrives with her new husband, the scientist Henry, at a magnificent house. He tells her that she can do there anything she pleases, except to enter a certain closed room. Fritz (Nick Huber), Snark (Jacob Lyngle), and Bubbles (Griffin Strycharske) are thrown into a mysterious cryptozoological cult event and must stop the rising of an ancient, monstrous being.  May 1973: By coming back from the Cannes film festival, a young hitch-hiker, lost at nightfall, finds refuge in a farm where a old man, claims his homosexuality and pretends to come from the future. After a chance phone call leads to daily conversations, a widowed restaurant owner and a lonely film actor plan to finally meet in person. It is the story, the process of becoming more and simultaneously less than human through technology as it follows a few characters through this transformation of becoming. IT CAME FROM YESTERDAY launches scientist/adventurer Professor Jack into unknown realms of adventure! Along with his sidekicks, Buddy and Penny Precious, Jack must unravel the mysterious plot of inter-dimensional creatures hellbent on enslaving the human race in this serial-inspired sci-fi extravaganza! The United Kingdom. Soon. Civil war rages. A woman wakes up in a blindingly white cuboid cell. Using its sophisticated functionality, her captor tortures her for information; information she claims not to have - or does she? Stranded on a distant planet, a team must fight aliens and activate a machine meant to restore Earth to a time before its downfall. A Ginga Kikoutai Majestic Prince movie with an original story. Chelios faces a Chinese mobster who has stolen his nearly indestructible heart and replaced it with a battery-powered ticker that requires regular jolts of electricity to keep working. After picking up a traumatized young hitchhiker, five friends find themselves stalked and hunted by a deformed chainsaw-wielding killer and his family of equally psychopathic killers. A group of military prisoners must fight off a terrorist attack on their prison which, unbeknownst to them, is a cover for a secret drone control facility. A portrait of Alejandro Jodorowsky's young adulthood, set in the 1940s and 50s, in the electric capital city of Santiago. There, he decides to become a poet and is introduced, by destiny, into the foremost bohemian and artistic circle of the time. Federation trooper Johnny Rico is ordered to work with a group of new recruits on a satellite station on Mars, where giant bugs have decided to target their next attack. After experiencing troubled dreams, a man talks with his friend in the park. A rap group on the verge of signing their first record deal is the city's only hope in a battle with a giant mutating snake monster. On the streets of Hollywood a self proclaimed Super Hero plummets into a world of drug induced confusion and loss of self , while desperately awaiting the return of his lost Superpowers in order to return to his home : the sun Continuity begins as a straight-forward story of an emotional homecoming and turns uncanny as the two protagonists - a middle aged couple living in a small town in Germany - repeatedly invite different young men into their home to perform an inscrutable ritual.  This is a remake of Continuity (2012) by the same director, expanding on the original idea. Mankind is nearly extinct in this post-apocalyptic creature thriller. Most humans died from a deadly plague and the ice age they manufactured to eradicate it. A man named Vargas leads a group of survivors on a quest to reach Shangri-La, the last safe haven on Earth. However, they must fight through the cold, a mutant cult and a pack of deadly creatures to get there. It is the year 2077 and terrorist organization known as The Red Army Hammerheads now dominate the Earth. The fate of humanity now rests in the hands of The New Model, Ari Frost. Trained under the wing of Alex Rain, she must form an army of Cyborg Humans to take down the regime and regain control. After all, 86.5% is still considered human.   An intimate documentary that intends to unveil the mystery of a spectacular close encounter case witnessed by a lonely gaucho. Kung fu fightin' vs. city corruption. Plus, Fred Williamson! Decades after serving in WWII and assassinating Adolf Hitler, a legendary American war veteran must now hunt down the fabled Bigfoot. In New York City for their annual tradition of Christmas Eve debauchery, three lifelong best friends set out to find the Holy Grail of Christmas parties since their yearly reunion might be coming to an end. A faded television actor and his stunt double strive to achieve fame and success in the film industry during the final years of Hollywood's Golden Age in 1969 Los Angeles.  A wild animal attacks six medical students on a weekend hike in the woods. One by one, they become infected with a "feral disease," turning them into rabid, bloodthirsty creatures, and the vacation becomes a nightmare as they fight to survive each other. An evil ninja Rider named Fuma appears from the virtual reality world in an effort to conquer Earth! It is up to the CR Riders to use the power of virtual reality gaming to save the day! A teenage inventor's life spirals into chaos when a nefarious group discovers he's invented a device that can hear into the past. While Death walks the earth collecting souls, her granddaughter Winona can't be bothered carrying on the family business. Lowriders vs. Zombies from Space is a comedic Sci-Fi/Horror film set in the city of San Antonio, TX. It is in the style of the classical 80s-90s "B" low budget movies of that era with a modern take. The story follows a group of friends and lowriders throughout the day as they prepare to go to a dance that night. During the dance a strange alien substance is introduced and infects several people turning them into alien zombies. After that all hell breaks loose inside and outside of the dance hall. Lowriders must survive the vicious attack of these alien zombies using their resources, the cars. A social science fiction set in a farming village in the not-so-distant future. Victor lives in a time when the dominant form of education is through installation, a process wherein bodies of knowledge can be installed directly into people's brains using technology owned by big corporations.  However, like many others in the agricultural town of Porac, Victor cannot afford the sky-high cost of installation; which he believes is the key to escape his rural life. To raise money for installation, Victor abandons farming and works as the housekeep of a wealthy childhood friend who has become extremely successful after undergoing a series of installations. A psychological thriller about a young married couple who buys a beautiful Napa Valley house on several acres of land only to find that the man they bought it from refuses to let go of the property. Earth has become the Apes playground and humans are used for labor and sport. Mankind's last stand will come from Rebel Freedom Fighters. The cage door opens and the revolt begins in this exciting sequel to Empire of the Apes. But, Simians are deadly foes. Jonathan, 11, usually spends his vacations alone with his grandfather who lives on the edge of a vast forest populated by mythical animals. This year his kid sister Sophie joins him. But it's not cool to be stuck with a little sister, so he does what he can to avoid her. He succeeds entirely too well: Sophie is kidnapped by a giant, 1000-year-old bear. Now, Jonathan has to venture into the heart of the forest to confront the strange beings that dwell there and rescue his sister. Former burlesque star May and her daughter Peggy dance in the chorus. When May has a fight with featured dancer Bubbles, Bubbles leaves the show and Peggy takes her place. When Peggy falls in love with wealthy Randy, May fears class differences may lead to misery. Marilyn sings "Every Baby Needs a Da Da Daddy" and "Anyone Can Tell I Love You." A dinner party turns deadly when a group of friends is trapped inside of their house after a massive alien invasion threatens to take over the world. Things take a turn for the worse when they discover that the chemical the military is using to destroy the aliens is also turning humans into zombie-like savages. Now the group must band together and try to survive the night... if they don't kill each other first. Tripp, an attractive man in his thirties, is still living with his parents Al and Sue. Tripp's best friends Demo and Ace are also still living in their parents' homes and seem proud of it. Al and Sue are not happy, however, and are fascinated when friends whose adult son has recently moved away from home reveal they hired an expert to arrange the matter and couldn't be happier with the result. Disguised as dystopian science fiction, which crosses references of George Miller and JC Ballard, Once There Was Brazilia proposes a reflection on the current Brazilian political and social situation, concretely from the process of dismissal of President Dilma Rousseff, rehearsing an alternative future for Brazil. As the political capital of the country, and especially as one of the most symbolic utopias of the Brazilian twentieth century, the city of Brazilia shares the protagonism with a couple of renegades who survive by wandering marginally waiting for personal and collective redemption. To the fourth film, after the multi-award-winning White Out, Black In (2014), Adirley Queiros returns to explore the vicissitudes of Brazilian society. Desire' uses the SubSpace principle to make a warp drive engine and needs to stop a Alien plot of a rouge Asteroid hitting the Planet Earth, while Desire' encountering the Serpent, that Lizard, the Devil herself. A series of murders are happening in the city, and a cop realises that they are all eerily similar. Can he find out the link and capture the murderer before it is too late? No overview given. Will Steve learn to control his powers? Or will he kill everyone in the world? The film is set in the near future, in a world of perfect capitalism. Society is sustained by a class of top achievers; meanwhile, so-called minimum recipients live under sedation in Fortresses of Sleep. The great majority of top achievers view themselves as happy. An outsourced agency has been established for the rest: Life Guidance is charged with turning these individuals into optimal people as well. Alexander has internalized the system but one wrong word to his child triggers Life Guidance. He starts to rebel and encounters the horror of the system in all its brightness and affability. Following a virus that took the lives of most of the population, John and Micheal have spent their days trying to survive and make sense of their new world. But when they meet the mysterious Karina, who has knowledge of the outside world, their friendship and everything they once knew about the virus and each other will be tested. A look at the restoration of Ridley Scott's Blade Runner (1982) and the creation of its final cut, including the tweaking and/or erasing of some of the original's beloved goofs. A secret government program has finally permeated society via nanotechnology and is capable of dishing out a form of forced karma to those in need. 10 years later, the AI / Nanotechnology continues to advance, and the Nanos have an agenda all their own! How do these objects differ from one another, if at all? Nick Moskovitz, an astronomer at the Lowell Observatory, compares these two space solar system bodies. - VRV Insecta is a video-art that manifests the pain, the fear, the meaningless form of our existence and reveals our sad and strange search of individuality. A young boy comes of age in the most peculiar of circumstances. Tonight is the very first time his Papa and Grandpa are taking him to work. In an old wooden boat they row far out to sea, and with no land in sight, they stop and wait. A big surprise awaits the boy as he discovers his family's most unusual line of work. Should he follow the example of his Papa, or his Grandpa? Will he be able to find his own way in the midst of their conflicting opinions and timeworn traditions? When the owner of a Yorkshire coal-mine decides to mechanize to increase profits, the mine's pit ponies are scheduled to be destroyed. So, three children plan to steal them to keep them safe. But when they're caught, it's up to the mine owners and the miners themselves to decide what's right When separated from his mother on a family camping trip, a young boy meets a fantastical creature that helps him find his way back home. A student learns a magic trick. An apocalyptic survivor searches for his daughter in the Terlingua desert while two caseworkers, holed up in a bunker, watch and record his every move. No overview found. A fashion photographer gets embroiled in a series of grisly murders. The Somerset Levels are one of the most beautiful parts of Britain, but in the winter of 2013 they faced a natural disaster.  One village, Moorland, was entirely engulfed by the floods. Deluged by water, the villagers watched helplessly as their lives and homes were washed away. This programme follows their year-long struggle to get home again after the water drained and media attention shifted away.  Although the residents put on a brave face, the realities of their fate pile up - the refusal of insurance companies to pay up, and the months of delay with the builders. All this adds fuel to a heartfelt frustration that the floods were man-made and the nagging fear of what would happen to them if and when the waters return. The Seventh Doctor becomes the Eighth. And on the streets of San Francisco - alongside new ally Grace Holloway - he battles the Master. An attempt to weaponize a machine capable of opening portals to other worlds fails, and instead creates an exponentially expanding "bubble" of fractured space-time. A team of specialists must enter the disturbance and make their way down a rabbit hole of increasingly more dangerous alternate realities in the hopes of finding and shutting down the machine which created it. However, someone-or SOMETHING-seems determined to stop them before the "bubble" engulfs the entire universe itself. Surreal events force a depressed suburbanite to confront his failures of communication. A young girl wakes up with no memory of the past few days, and finds herself being stalked by a mysterious entity. In Uganda's first sci-fi film, two lonely writers struggle with their novels in different dimensions. Adongo lives in East Africa in the near future, while Apio lives on a distant planet far into the next millennium, but the pair are almost identical. When the boundary between their worlds collapses, the two women discover that each is the creation of the other -- that they are both protagonists in the novel the other is striving to complete. As they scramble to understand the nature of their existence and the strange nature of their connection, reality and fantasy blur, and the women are tasked with finding a way to avoid descending into madness. Two years after the nuclear bombs dropped and welcome to the future, where there's no fuel or power, and society is a barbaric mess. Survivors Kate, husband Sam, and daughter Suzi are searching for a rumoured bunker that people say is full of food and medicine. En route, they meet the solitary Joe, who may not have the group's best interests at heart. Kate will have to do everything possible to protect her family. A high school girl who sees little meaning in life is recruited to help souls of the deceased cross into heaven. Renowned filmmakers D A Pennebaker and Chris Hegedus follow determined animal rights activist Steven Wise into the courtroom for an unprecedented battle that seeks to utilize the writ of habeas corpus to expand legal "personhood" to include certain animals. Wise's unusual plaintiffs--chimpanzees Tommy and Kiko, once famed showbiz stars--are now living in filth, struggling to survive. Wise and his impassioned legal team take us into the field, revealing gripping evidence of such abuse and plunging us into the intricacies of their case as they probe preconceived notions of what it means to be a non-human animal. Planet Earth, 9177. The remains of humankind live in a post-apocalyptic environment divided into only two social classes: the ruling king and the oligarchs who inhabit the Representative Building and the poor of the world who hardly survive in the slums built around it. (Sequel to "Dawn Breaks, Which Is No Small Thing," 1989.) With an imminent Romulan invasion, Captain Bradley Prentice finds himself caught between a mysterious warlord who will stop at nothing to see the Federation destroyed, and a superior officer who may be hiding something--a dark secret which could save the Federation or seal its doom. When a massive temporal disaster strikes, the year 2399 is left a devastated ruin with much of the Federation destroyed and Earth a volcanic wasteland. In a desperate bid to restore the present, Captain Kendra Ronston reunites with her fractured crew and travels into the past to undo the damage. But waiting for her is the most sinister nemesis the Federation has ever known, and to stop him, she will have to enlist the help from an unexpected source. An intelligent android (Michael) constructed by a research team is taken outdoors and successfully passed off as human in a trial run. When the government hears of this, they order their own set of tests in Washington. When the project leader realizes the military want the android for a soldier, he can't accept it, and he and Michael go into hiding to avoid their clutches. The gang advances through the darkness of an abandoned city. While the world asks for help, they only seem troubled by destroying the past and burning the roots. They dream of being the primal generation and not belonging to anything. They want to be the new art, to find eternity and finally to disappear. Teenagers, lo-fi science fiction, nihilism, and to cross to the other side. Not long ago the people of an unnamed country were involved in a civil war. After the armistice, both sides noticed hundreds of bodies unaccounted for. Looking through their land, there was discovered a place where men would vanish from sight. Those who returned spoke of a zone governed by cruel logic. This place, dubbed The Ulterior, was closed off and a guard was placed at its entry. The curious have found their way to its borders believing it holds healing properties and that it can reunite the living and the dead. Gayce, a take-no-shit young woman, deals a hallucinogenic drug called "theta," facilitating an audience for her friends' all-girl rock band. When Gayce's friends are brutally murdered, she must solve the mystery behind the murders and protect herself from the killer. She discovers the connections between theta and the murders - and learns a terrifying truth. That the world -- indeed her whole reality -- is not as it seems. A break-in and murder at a New York City museum sparks an investigation by Interpol Agent Nathan Nelson. When he finds an ancient artifact, Nelson takes it home to conduct more research. A lightning storm, a pet chameleon and the artifact gives his daughter, Maggie, mystical powers to shape-shift her appearance at will which includes the ability to mimic other people and animals. What's the difference between love and lust? Between physical and emotional need? Can we ever know?... Does it even matter? When a menacing smuggler coolly insists that best-selling author Wes Wilson take a chauffeured backseat ride with him, Wilson's charmed life explodes into a world of violence and espionage, and he learns shocking truths about two women in his life. We follow Ezio Auditore, a legendary Master Assassin, in his enduring struggle to remove the treacherous Borgia family from their papal throne. Based on the 1930's comic strip, puts the hero up against his arch enemy, Shiwan Khan, who plans to take over the world by holding a city to ransom using an atom bomb. Using his powers of invisibility and "The power to cloud men's minds", the Shadow comes blazing to the city's rescue with explosive results. Marianne gets off to a bad start with gallery director and Brad Pitt look alike Vincent but everything works out "just like in the movies" in the end. Monsters are real, they came from outer space and they are here to destroy the world - unless we can stop them.  The movies will tell the story of the phenomenon known as "The First Summer of Love" that took place ten years before the first Eureka Seven anime, but was never depicted in full. The movies will then follow the main storyline of the first TV anime and contain new dialogues and scenes, revised footage, as well as a new ending not present in the original series.  Young Cyrus Priello, an ultra-skilled Neapolitan graphic, can not find a job that satisfies and appreciates him. After sending the curriculum practically everywhere, he just have to send a copy in space. He will thus be able to work for an alien society based on competence and meritocracy. After her mother's death, Amalia learns that her husband is having an affair. But when he mysteriously dies a few days later, the young widow, obsessed by her late husband's mistress, succumbs to bloodthirsty madness. Jay Mandao and his nephew-in-law Jackson use astral projection to reverse a ghost's death on Halloween. Have you ever experienced deja vu? Have you ever met a person you thought you already knew? For Nora and Aron, it's love at first sight when they meet in the subway on a rainy day. Their encounter was pure coincidence, says Nore. It was predestined, says Aron. 30-year-old factory worker Simon lives a solitary existence on a decrepit farm in the remote French countryside. Devoting his time to caring for his sister Estelle, who was left severely disabled when a childhood game went horribly wrong, Simon is plagued by guilt and depression. But he sees a way out, looking to otherworldly forces as a means of liberating both himself and his sister from the corporeal prisons in which they are confined. After the loss of his daughter Eleanor, a famous scientist, Dr. Herbert West, experimenting with a special serum invented by him, desperately tries to bring her back to life. A cinematic exploration of the world of automated vehicles -- from their technical history to the personal narratives of those affected by them to the many unanswered questions about how this technology will affect modern society. This documentary features interviews with industry pioneers and scenes with cutting-edge "AVs" in action around the world. A stand-up comedian, and his opera singer wife, have a 2 year old daughter with a surprising gift. In the wake of a truce between the Nice Side and the Mice Side, the Zooverse has settled into an era of peace. The villainous mouse, Boo Boo Squeal, is determined to violate that peace treaty, and restart war at any cost. Nice Side heroes, Nuke and B-52, are forced to fend for themselves, thwarting Boo Boo's vengeful minions and defending the Zooverse with everything they've got. A legendary fashion designer - his life, his job and his family. A ship carrying settlers to a new home in Mars after Earth is rendered uninhabitable is knocked off-course, causing the passengers to consider their place in the universe. A journey through the evolution of time travel; from it origins, it's evolution and influence in science fiction, to the exciting possibilities in the future. Minutiae was made for the BBC 2 programme The Late Show, and was filmed in the same studio. The aim was to make an event-specific work that would contrast with the way the studio appeared on TV. While investigating a murder case, police commissioner Richard Lenders meets a group of physicists who are supposed to help him decipher the complex formulas found with the corpse. When Lenders and his colleague, however, discover a chip in the victim's head during the autopsy, they are confronted with the absurd possibility that the body might be from a completely different age. Another murder occurs, and there seem to be similarities in the two cases. While the inspectors try to find the murderer, Lenders experiences an increasing desire: could he use the chip to prevent further murders and change his own life story? Teenage secret agents must travel to the past and stop an evil doctor from creating a virus that wipes out all life in the future. Kuroda Island has been colonised by Thyyland for hundreds of years. In the last 30 years, many Kurodians have been granted Thyy citizenship but in reality are still being treated as second-class citizens. Many Kurodians are gifted with football talent and are called upon to play for the Thyy national team, their presence causing many problems. Also, the Kuroda Independence Movement that has been strengthening lately, causing much anti-Kurodian sentiment in Thyy society... Working in Dr. Cranley's laboratory, scientist Jack Griffin was always given the latitude to conduct some of his own experiments. His sudden departure, however, has Cranley's daughter Flora worried about him. Griffin has taken a room at the nearby Lion's Head Inn, hoping to reverse an experiment he conducted on himself that made him invisible. But the experimental drug has also warped his mind, making him aggressive and dangerous. He's prepared to do whatever it takes to restore his appearance. After the death of his Nobel Prize-winning father, billionaire physicist Jerry Cornelius becomes embroiled in the search for the mysterious "Final Programme", developed by his father. The programme, a design for a perfect, self-replicating human being, is contained on microfilm. A group of scientists, led by the formidable Miss Brunner (who consumes her lovers), has sought Cornelius's help in obtaining it. After a chase across a war-torn Europe on the verge of anarchy, Brunner and Cornelius obtain the microfilm from Jerry's loathsome brother Frank. They proceed to an abandoned underground Nazi fortress in the Arctic to run the programme, with Jerry and Miss Brunner as the subjects. Secure within a desolate home as an unnatural threat terrorizes the world, a man has established a tenuous domestic order with his wife and son, but this will soon be put to test when a desperate young family arrives seeking refuge. As the devoutly single Don Johnston is dumped by his latest girlfriend, he receives an anonymous pink letter informing him that he has a son who may be looking for him. Professor Biondi is a depressed scientist. After his wife's death, he lives isolated from the world in the Nevada desert, near Area 51. He supposedly works on a top-secret project for the US government, but in actuality, he spends his days on the couch, listening to the sound of the Universe. His only contact with the outside world is Stella, who organizes alien-themed weddings for tourists on the prowl for extra-terrestrials. One day the Professor receives a message from Naples: his dying brother is entrusting him with his two children, so that they may live with him in America. Mary (Kate Lyn Sheil) lives alone. She is waiting for something to happen in her life. Riding the elevator to work, a strange man, Hayward, grabs her shoulder and speaks to her telepathically. "Do you believe in magic?" This triggers a nervous breakdown. After a visit to the emergency room, Mary goes to stay at her sister's house, and goes into therapy. Mary can now hear people's thoughts, and she starts hearing music that seems to be broadcast from her mind. Adapted by Gary Walkow from his novel of the same name. Created by Ricardo Ghiorzi ("The Curse of Sanguanel", "Beyond the Grave"), HISTORIAS ESTRANHAS (Stranger Tales) is a suspense/horror/fantasy collection of eight segments produced by independent film companies and directed by the most promising filmmakers of the Brazilian fantastic genre today. This animated short by Norman McLaren is a publicity message for a war bond campaign. Symbols, a stick man and lettering are drawn directly on 35mm film stock and synchronized with a brass band rendition of Sousa's march "The Thunderer." When a systems engineer blows the whistle on a dangerous technology, Charlie's Angels from across the globe are called into action, putting their lives on the line to protect society. Giant, mutant maggots terrorize a group of college kids who are trying to uncover evidence of mutations caused by pollution from a nearby fracking site in the mountains of upstate New York. Warren Quimby manages a drugstore while trying to keep his volatile wife, Claire, happy. However, when Claire leaves him for a liquor store salesman, Warren can no longer bear it. He decides to assume a new identity in order to murder his wife's lover without leaving a trace. Along the way, his plans are complicated by an attractive neighbor, as well as a shocking discovery that opens up a new world of doubts and accusations. On New Year's Eve of 2029, a six-mile wide asteroid is headed for Earth and set to wipe out humanity and the repressive society that now plagues Los Angeles. One young couple aims to survive this catastrophic event together while simultaneously transforming their civilization into the utopia they desire. The Giant Artificial Brain Gilbaris is trying to eliminate all intellectual life forms throughout the universe. Ultraman Geed confronts the harsh fate against a mighty enemy who withstands the power of Ultra Warriors' light. Ultraman Orb, Jugglus Juggler, and Ultraman Zero rush to the crisis! And the heated feelings inside Riku awakens Geed's Ultimate form - Ultimate Final! This 3D film follows a journey to the Amazonian rainforest and secret laboratories of Brazil, analyzing new relationships between human, plant, animal and molecular worlds, and investigating the mutations and hybridization of species, foreseeing the possibility of artificially recreating every sensory experience.  The narrator, an aroma specialist, describes a drug derived from a mythical flower with miraculous properties that might produce empathy in humans, enabling them to know what is being felt by a pink river dolphin or an angry teenager. Through her work, Yi explores ways in which our senses are culturally conditioned. Blending elements of documentary, dream and bio-fiction, The Flavor Genome anticipates a renewal in the perception of nature influenced by new scientific and technological discoveries. The coordinates of an old satellite from India, Mihira, are lost with the potential for it to wreak havoc with communications worldwide. Astronaut Dev's life was turned upside down five years ago and he now teaches science at a government school. He's brought in to fix the satellite but is that the only reason he agrees to come back? Ten years have passed since the alien war, and now the line between human and alien is blurred. The film follows two vagrants who were once subjects of a dangerous experiment involving the assimilation of alien and human DNA. A mad scientist unleashes three mischievous little creatures to spread terror on mankind in this loving homage to the little monster movies of the past. Primo, gifted with a good eye for production design, ventures into the working world with a great desire to succeed. Unprepared for the harsh realities of the real world, Primo experienced failure, heartbreak and regret in a series of unfortunate events. Life didn't turn out as he had expected: He wasted away, wallowing in grief, and jumped from one odd job to another for more than a decade. While trying to make ends meet at the peak of his misfortunes, he experiences a technological glitch with his old desktop computer and gets a chance to re-write his life. An ex-cop and his family are the target of an evil force that is using mirrors as a gateway into their home. Cody McGuire has just returned from an important doctor's appointment, only to find an attractive-but-naive artificially created man on her doorstep named Mr. Perfect. With the help of her best friend Jocelyn Christmas, Cody will have to find Mr. Perfect a new home before he drives her insane. Tells the story of Jesus Christ at age seven as he and his family depart Egypt to return home to Nazareth. Told from his childhood perspective, it follows young Jesus as he grows into his religious identity. A group of military elite from the U.S., Russia, UK, China and France join forces to fight an elite underground terrorist network. This animated short is a play on motion set against a background of multi-hued sky. Spheres of translucent pearl float weightlessly in the unlimited panorama of the sky, grouping, regrouping or colliding like the stylized burst of some atomic chain reaction. The dance is set to the musical cadences of Bach, played by pianist Glenn Gould. 2016 Movie  Compilation film for Mobile Suit Gundam Thunderbolt 2nd Season. A teenage girl and her father travel to a remote alien moon, aiming to strike it rich. They've secured a contract to harvest a large deposit of the elusive gems hidden in the depths of the moon's toxic forest. But there are others roving the wilderness and the job quickly devolves into a fight to survive. Drifting aimlessly through life, Kaisi (Li Yi Feng) has racked up debts of several million having borrowed money from his friends. Lured with the promise of writing it all off, Kaisi leaves his ailing mother and childhood sweetheart Qing (Zhou Dongyu) to board the ship Destiny and attend a gambling party controlled by the mysterious Anderson (Michael Douglas).  All players join the game with stars. For each game they lose, their opponent captures a star. Everyone is holding daggers behind their backs plotting dirty means by which to overcome their opponents. The game quickly deteriorates into a slaughter and Kaisi must battle save his own skin... When huge bio-mechanical monsters descend upon the earth ready to destroy the entire city of Los Angeles, a whole new team of top notch "M-bot" pilots take control of their supercharged robot warriors and try to save the world from being reduced to rubble Four short stories between sci-fi and horror. Murder victim's spirit reaches out from beyond the grave in an attempt to possess the body of a young woman who has moved into his old apartment. Southern Style kung fu was unsuccessful in defeating the invading enemy aliens. General Chen has no choice but to be go back in time again to the late Qing Dynasty to find the master of Northern Style kung fu and transfer his training back to the future. Unfortunately, the time travel causes Chen to lose his memory and he ends up working for the emperor Yuan Shikai and lost in time. Meanwhile in the future, the aliens army and strength grows by the day... Humanity's desperate battle to reclaim the Earth from Godzilla continues. The key to defeating the King of the Monsters may be Mechagodzilla, a robotic weapon thought to have been lost nearly 20,000 years ago. Batman raises the stakes in his war on crime. With the help of Lt. Jim Gordon and District Attorney Harvey Dent, Batman sets out to dismantle the remaining criminal organizations that plague the streets. The partnership proves to be effective, but they soon find themselves prey to a reign of chaos unleashed by a rising criminal mastermind known to the terrified citizens of Gotham as the Joker. When a young man finds a time machine device, his life spins out of control. Argentina, the year 2022. Second Falklands war. After 2 years of the wildest fight, the British gradually destroy the troops of the Argentine Army and intend to exterminate the enemy in the Islands. An Argentine soldier (Vic Cicuta) trained in the art of Ninjutsu, will intervene the monstrous plan risking his life and that of all those around him. "Death does not recognize ranks, this is Malvinas, this is war." Remake of 'I Married a Monster From Outer Space' From 1941 to 1943, Dr. Joseph H. Stanislaw produced a science fiction film with which he intended to disclose his theories and research concerning the study of the influence of cosmic emanations on the human mind, through his experiments with film of Ektoplasmic sensitivity. The story of this unique scientist and his unreleased film seemed lost forever. Now at last, we are going to travel into an utopian world where all his theories have been implemented. A privately-funded 1960 expedition seeks to beat both the U.S. and the Soviet Union in the race to Mars. But what the intrepid explorers discover - changes everything. This film is a tribute to, as well as a send-up of, Classic Sci-Fi. The satirical references come thick and fast. But there's also a more serious message woven in. A deep-space crew face madness and their own mortality when faced with the terrifying reality of the cargo they are carrying back to Earth. In the not so distant future, the war on drugs is considered a failure. Prohibition has ended. A group of friends risk their relationships and sanity, to create the perfect new drug. Identical twin brothers become hybrid A.I (artificial intelligence) entities, yet torn in different directions to achieve justice for humanity. This is the funny story about two warring Mafia gangs in New York. The weaker gang use incredibly a lion to blackmail the opposite gang's "clients". The police succeeds to stop one of the gang, while the other remain without the Boss. In a near future when environmental havoc is causing food shortages and compelling the government to protect its organized crop system by deploying sentinel drones, a handful of locals discover a sinister connection between sick farmland inhabitants and the tech that's meant to be protect them. After an alien spacecraft destroys Washington, D.C., the residents of a small town must fight off a unit of alien soldiers on the hunt for the President of the United States and the mysterious device he's carrying after his escape chopper crash lands nearby. In this dark comedy, Neila (Holly Stevens), a discontented pregnant woman is prescribed some rest at a cabin in the woods with her unstable husband (Bill Corkum). When a creepy stranger (Mark Palermo), a mysterious doctor (Sharleen Kalayi), and some space aliens show up, Neila has to embrace her survival instincts in order to save not only her unborn child, but all of humanity. Taking place in the fifth reality to be discovered by humanity, Into The Alternate follows an inhabitant and foreign visitor as they struggle to survive within a collapsing ecosystem.  Made at the time of the opening of the Gotthard Tunnel--the longest underground rail section, the self-proclaimed "safest tunnel in the world"--the film was shot in a segment designed for evacuation exercises, and for tourist visits. A chance for safety experts, a therapist who uses hypnosis to overcome tunnel phobia, an actor who suffers from this phobia herself, or even an entrepreneur convinced of the future of underground transport to meet. Bizli has possessed supernatural power by birth. Her father wants to hide it, but an evil scientist wants to use her to implement a cold fusion electricity generation project. After a deep space exploration vessel discovers a potentially habitable planet, a scouting team composed of human and biorobotic individuals is dispatched to investigate the planet's resources. Once on the ground, their reconnaissance mission soon turns into a battle for survival against the planet's hostile alien lifeforms. Kazu works at "Funiculi Funicula" cafe. There is a mysterious rumour that if a customer takes a specific seat at the cafe, that customer can travel back to a time of their choice. In a distant future a new society of peace and order comes under attack from an ancient Evil force. Only a young news reporter and her high flying ninja friends can save the city from the evil Ninja Attack. Moon City is the first Lao language Superhero movie.  At the end of WWII, Hitler ordered operation Scarecrow to a small SS outpost in the Seelow Heights of Germany. Nobody knew of the existence of this clandestine operation until 70 years later when FBI agent John Fox runs across a vilgiante known as the Red Wolf. After killing the Red Wolf, Agent Fox learned the shocking secret of operation Scarecrow. Fox then travels to Germany and meets Pastor Gabriel who unites Fox with a group of outlaws stuck on an SS outpost fighting the remnant Scarecrows of the Third Reich. Only they can save the world from this new evil that if undefeated could bring about a 4th Reich.  --Timothy Scott Wimer Jr Relationship Therapist, Dr. Jill Peterman, had the highest-rated call-in radio show when her world was pulled out from under her following the on-air suicide of a female caller named Alexis. Shaken to her core, Dr. Jill walked away from her show vowing she would never go back. That is until Stuart, the station's General Manager, pleads with her to reboot the show in an effort to bring followers back to the station. Still haunted by what happened, Jill agrees to help her friend out and believes this will be the perfect remedy to put her year-long anxiety to rest. As Jill starts to settle back into her show, mysterious call-ins start happening forcing her to believe there could be a copy-cat out there. What Jill begins to uncover is a web of secrets and lies stemming from the mysterious voice she has come to know as Alexis. Soulless unfolds in the fictional town of Bell's End, a place with a curse hanging over it since its 1700 founding. After a young woman is killed in a car accident, her body goes missing en route to the hospital. Days later she is discovered behind a local hotel, alive. Meanwhile, word of her reanimation gets back to the DOD, where decades earlier, a failed covert research project on tissue regeneration was conducted on the woman's mother. The DOD launches a relentless effort to capture her as she quickly learns that trying to return to the land of the living threatens to destroy the people she loves most. After the events in the previous film, Secret Service agent Mike Banning finds himself framed for an assassination attempt on the President. Pursued by his own agency and the FBI, Banning races to clear his name and uncover the real terrorist threat which has set its sights on Air Force One. Due to the development of self-driving AI, traffic accidents are drastically decreased in 2027. Amane Yonago, a new Prosecutor, is assigned to the Transportation Division. Unhappy with her new job, she decides to indict the self-driving car's AI which crossed the center line in error and caused an accident. The instant the trial begins, the AI admits that they killed the victim on purpose. Because of this allegation, Amane Yonago must find a way to prove the AI has feelings. A young idealist; Ethan, is left searching for his family while fighting the infected, Med-Ex militia and bloodthirsty marauders, and the ghosts of his past. The X-Men face their most formidable and powerful foe when one of their own, Jean Grey, starts to spiral out of control. During a rescue mission in outer space, Jean is nearly killed when she's hit by a mysterious cosmic force. Once she returns home, this force not only makes her infinitely more powerful, but far more unstable. The X-Men must now band together to save her soul and battle aliens that want to use Grey's new abilities to rule the galaxy.  Feature film based on manga series "Dolmen X" by Yuna Takagi. Traveling one block here is equivalent to traveling eight blocks in the Overworld, therefore traveling through The Nether could function as a shortcut. However, the terrain is more complex, difficult and hazardous--navigation is treacherous and one is often alone and without a friend. Set in the year 2245 when Earth's sun threatens to wipe out all of humanity, "The Dawnseeker" follows five hired mercenaries who travel to an uncharted planet to collect a rare mineral known as stardust to replenish the dying star. After their spaceship crashes on the alien planet, they are stalked and hunted by a creature far more advanced than anything they have ever encountered before. After a one night affair, a young man is left with extra power and a cryptic message. He searches for the woman to find out the source of her power. In an empty world, a solitary woman mechanically follows the protocols of a factory hog farm. Her labours are sporadically punctuated by musical rhapsodies as she moves toward the impending end. Is it the end of the world, a program malfunction, or the beginning of a film? A young man who dreams of being an astronaut assembles a ragtag group of followers to start their own space program. Inspired by the work of cinematic auteur Neil Breen, this follows the story of hacker and patriot MC Dalton as he takes on the Corporation and the Bank to protect his country and the wife he thought was long dead. What follows is a deep, introspective look into what technology and capitalism has done and will continue to do to the American dream... and how we can control it. After the end of the civil war that tore apart Japan, the new governors of Touto, Hokuto and Seito work together to reunify the country. However, they are actually members of an extraterrestrial race called the "Blood Tribe" (the same species as Evolto), who assumed their government positions as part of a plan to destroy Earth as they have done to Mars and other planets before. Considering Sento Kiryu (Kamen Rider Build) a major threat to their plans, the Blood Tribe manipulates his friends and other civilians into attacking him. With even his close ally Ryuga Banjo (Kamen Rider Cross-Z) now against him, Sento must fight to survive and stop the Blood Tribe's plan from succeeding. Three strangers from different backgrounds find themselves trapped inside a confined mansion and as they run lows on resources they soon figure out the only way to escape is for one to kill the other two. At the time of the 90's two brothers usually visit the OVNI sightings area in the town of Atlimeyaya in Atlixco, Puebla Mexico. By means of a regression, they discover that they were abducted. The Secret Of Immortal Code Upon returning to earth, a withdrawn woman named Melody hires an oddball private eye to track down the man who helped her escape from an alien zoo on Neptune. Or maybe it was Pluto. This film tells a city that has been surrounded by zombies. In the city there is still a man who still lives with his baby child. His father used a remote control car to get milk and food at a convenience store. They live in an apartment. In the apartment there are a lot of zombies that make him unable to go out to look for food in the apartment. Everything changes for Todd when his evil twin from a parallel universe arrives to steal his girlfriend. It's not about how a drag queen moves,  it's what she sets in motion.  Raduaa is an upcoming Indian Punjabi science fiction film directed by and starring Nav Bajwa with Gurpreet Ghuggi and Satinder Satti. The film's plot is based upon how a scientific experiment unexpectedly results in time travel from the present day to 1955. The film is set to release on 11 May 2018 A circus' beautiful trapeze artist agrees to marry the leader of side-show performers, but his deformed friends discover she is only marrying him for his inheritance. Death after life, life after death. In the near future, a ship of space explorers crash land on an unknown planet. They're soon met with some of their worst fears as they discover the planet is inhabited by monstrous dinosaurs. In the 1930s, the gangster pair Bonnie Parker and Clyde Barrow began robbing banks in U.S. cities until they were eventually killed in a police shoot-out. Renowned filmmakers D A Pennebaker and Chris Hegedus follow determined animal rights activist Steven Wise into the courtroom for an unprecedented battle that seeks to utilize the writ of habeas corpus to expand legal "personhood" to include certain animals. Wise's unusual plaintiffs--chimpanzees Tommy and Kiko, once famed showbiz stars--are now living in filth, struggling to survive. Wise and his impassioned legal team take us into the field, revealing gripping evidence of such abuse and plunging us into the intricacies of their case as they probe preconceived notions of what it means to be a non-human animal. An experimental Afrofuturistic fable centered around Wanita, a mysterious young woman who embarks on a journey of discovery that might just save humanity. One hundred and fifty years in the future, Africa has become a single, sprawling metropolis controlled by a race of immortal beings, and full of regular mortals dying from a disease called Bad Luck. As Wanita leaves home one morning, a prayer to her ancestors unwittingly starts her on a path to the Dimsi -- another dimension, invisible to the eye, but discoverable by the soul. Can Wanita follow her DNA to break free from the shackles of the immortals? A purposely unfinished work, NAKED REALITY boldly leaves the audience with a blank canvas to interpret and create, as Bekolo grants viewers access to limitless answers waiting to be unearthed. A nature field researcher is investigating the strange extinction of small animals and insects in the area, which indicates that something is wrong. His suspicions are soon to be proven right when he meets May, who lives in a cabin in the forest nearby. May says that her house is infested by small creatures that she thinks are mice or rats. When the couple search the house further, they notice that they're not rodents or insects. They are fast evolving lizards that have the appetite for animals and humans, no matter what size their prey are... A white corporate executive is surprised to discover that he has a black teen-age son who can't wait to be adopted into the, almost-exclusively-white community of, San Marino, California. In "LEGO Marvel Super Heroes: Avengers Reassembled!," the Avengers prepare for a party at Stark Tower and notice that Iron Man is acting strange. After some investigation, they discover that the evil Ultron has taken control of Iron Man and his armor as part of his scheme to take over the world. It's up to Captain America, the Hulk, Thor, Vision, Black Widow, Hawkeye and their friends (Spider-Man, Iron Spider, and special guest star Ant-Man) to rescue Iron Man from Ultron's clutches and defeat the super villain before he causes even more destruction and chaos. A movie about a young honors student-turned-anarchist, Puck, and his group of anarchist friends living peacefully in a Dallas commune until a nihilist, Johnny Black, appears with The Anarchist Cookbook and completely destroys their way of life. Secretly engineered and blasted into space by government scientists, a vile monster crash-lands back on Earth and begins killing everyone it encounters. As the death toll rises, veteran cop McLemore (Charles Napier) bravely steps forward to crush the scary creature. Co-starring Julie Newmar as a powerful psychic, this low-rent horror flick finds the police force continually confounded by the organism's evolving physical features. Monsters from space attack earth, two scientists and a couple of teenagers try to stop the extraterrestrial invaders. Ba'al travels back in time and prevents the Stargate program from being started. SG-1 must somehow restore history. A villager stumbles across an alien's corpse. Convinced it is somehow related to his missing son, the villager doggedly guards his mysterious new find. Aliens have invaded Earth. After months of conflict, they reach the northern border of Greece, wiping cities and villages in their passage. Will a young man's courage be enough to overturn the inevitable to the technological superiority of a superior race? An alien invasion is caught in the surveillance cameras of an office building during a weekend work party. WHOLY is a womb, a film made in a state of awakening that follows the synchronicity of life with footage made over the course of five years. Characters and landscapes intertwine in a complex labyrinth to shape a portrait of humanity and the inner dimension between the physical and the spiritual. A rainy night. Dazed and numb, Luz, a young cabdriver, drags herself into the brightly lit entrance of a run-down police station. In a nightspot, Nora seductively engages police psychiatrist Dr. Rossini in a conversation. Nora tells the Doctor about her old schoolmate Luz' rebellious past at a Chilean school for girls. Nora is possessed by a demonic entity, longing for the woman it loves - Luz. In the future, farming on Earth is outlawed due to the toxic environment and all agriculture is done off-world. But despite the ban, some scientists and farmers resist. A young-wife desperate to give her beloved comatose and dying husband a child considers her only option: cloning.  Giving birth to a son fulfills her dream of having a family. But the arrival of the baby awakens a supernatural presence unleashing unexpected results.  The family must make an impossible choice and live with a secret forever. (DCIFF) After nuclear warfare has decimated Earth, tyrants using service robots to enslave the population are met with a rebellion. A group of former computer University colleagues and their partners meet for dinner after several years only to share one of the most secret files on the Internet. The film States possessed Supernatural abilities Project in particular, 2 Marine Carpentry and Kim Dong agent Components are granted on the assigned break the case with mystery, involving supernatural phenomena. In this task, they constantly face many dangers to penetrate not returned in 1934 to investigate the truth about the existence of dragons. When a team of explorers ventures into the catacombs that lie beneath the streets of Paris, they uncover the dark secret that lies within this city of the dead. In 2030 Britain, a humanoid Alien lands on the shores of Liverpool and befriends an isolated girl. Meanwhile, the instatement of the twenty five year old, xenophobic ex-actor Michael Crank as the new Prime Minister ensures that the Alien's arrival is far from welcoming.  While driving home from her day, a young woman witnesses another woman lying in the street covered in a strange goo and warning of a threat from space before she passes. Relaying the information to the authorities, she learns of the real nature of the incident and how several other strange disappearances around the city are related to the events she reported. Talking to her friend about the situation, he begins looking into the reported cases of women disappearing only to himself disappear during the ensuing investigation. Turning to her sister to help process the situation, they find themselves the target of strange alien-like amoebas looking to abduct human women in order to procreate with them and must team up with the Defense Ministry investigating the events in order to stop the creatures from taking over the Earth. When Michele, the CEO of a gaming software company, is attacked in her home by an unknown assailant, she refuses to let it alter her precisely ordered life. She manages crises involving family, all the while becoming engaged in a game of cat and mouse with her stalker. A look at the lives of  several struggling L.A. musicians. Gwen, a singer-songwriter, is on a quest for the big-time. Working as an assistant to a film production designer, Gwen tries to steal her boss' boyfriend, a veteran rock producer. The producer, meanwhile, is trying to orchestrate a comeback for an '80s band. Eclipsed By The Moon Concerts Filmed Live in Germany at Trier and Oberhausen Arenas on 12th and 13th April 2013. Looking for any way to get away from the life and town he was born into, Tripp, a high school senior, builds a Monster Truck from bits and pieces of scrapped cars. After an accident at a nearby oil-drilling site displaces a strange and subterranean creature with a taste and a talent for speed, Tripp may have just found the key to getting out of town and a most unlikely friend. The year is 2101. South America has become the dumpster for rotten and infected corpses from all over the world. In the middle of this wasteland a man will wake up with no recollection of his past, his present or why was he dumped there in the first place. Death's Assistant ( Robert Forster)abandons three spirits in a Hollywood Hills home. A hair stylist (Alexandra Paul), a salesman (Wing Hauser) and a legal secretary (Robin Mattson). They awaken to fear, anxiety and bewilderment: How did they get here? Who is the other person? How do they get out? This raw display of emotion continues until Death's Assistant's appears. Angered by his superiors disregard of his work, he must now explain Death's bureaucracy is overloaded. A mistake has been made. Only two people were supposed to come over. One gets to go back! With this declaration, Death's Assistant's disappears. Who gets to go back? Looking for any way to get away from the life and town he was born into, Tripp, a high school senior, builds a Monster Truck from bits and pieces of scrapped cars. After an accident at a nearby oil-drilling site displaces a strange and subterranean creature with a taste and a talent for speed, Tripp may have just found the key to getting out of town and a most unlikely friend. When the American ambassador to Italy is kidnapped, a rogue U.S. government agent makes demands that send the President and the C.I.A. scrambling to protect a mysterious covert government project involving memory transference. With his brain recently scanned into a hard drive, the ambassador's knowledge of all international undercover agents becomes a hot commodity on the black market and only one scientist has the know-how to implant that data into another host. With a plethora of double agents in the mix, the C.I.A. dispatches Agent John Ramsay to find and secure the scientist. But, knowing who to trust becomes virtually impossible as corruption and treachery trickle down from the highest levels in this pulse-pounding spy thriller. Britt Reid (Seth Rogen), the heir to the largest newspaper fortune in Los Angeles, is a spoiled playboy who has been, thus far, happy to lead an aimless life. After his father (Tom Wilkinson) dies, Britt meets Kato (Jay Chou), a resourceful company employee. Realizing that they have the talent and resources to make something of their lives, Britt and Kato join forces as costumed crime-fighters to bring down the city's most-powerful criminal, Chudnofsky (Christoph Waltz). A young Greek photographer boards and an elevator of a very very very very tall building and goes up. The imperial forces of Lord Quimio capture princess Felelia and steal a big cargo of vital force for the rebellion. Obi Wan Quequena, warned by the princess, starts gathering a group of brave people to recover the force, save the princess and end the empire that strikes the galaxy. In the depths of sexy space, orbiting the hottest star in the galaxy, is a planet of space babes and astro-nymphs who crave a close encounter with the men of Earth. These cosmic cuties have nothing to do all day but frolic in the company of the other nubile natives of the Passion Planet. But not all is soft and pink on this orgasmic orb.  Wicked Women's Prison Colony Wardens and Puritanical Political Putas threaten to harsh the welcoming vibe of this homogenous hive of horny hotties, and when interplanetary invaders arrive to haul their sisters onto sex trafficking slave ships, they set their phasers to stun for a red hot revenge. So put your ion engines on full thrust and engage these interstellar beauties in a sensual showdown in the naked reaches of seductive space and witness firsthand the perils of a poontang planet. . Live concert performance from German progressive rock band RPWL. Performing in Freising, Bavaria, on the last night of their tour in support of their album 'Wanted', the tracks performed include 'Revelation', 'Wanted', 'A New Dawn' and 'Unchain the Earth'. In 1984, a young programmer begins to question reality as he adapts a dark fantasy novel into a video game. A mind-bending tale with multiple endings. U.C. 0097, one year after the opening of "Laplace's Box".  Despite the revelation of the Universal Century Charter that acknowledges the existence and rights of Newtypes, the framework of the world has not been greatly altered.  The conflict later dubbed the "Laplace Incident" is thought to have ended with the downfall of the Neo Zeon remnants known as the Sleeves. In its final battle, two full psycho-frame mobile suits displayed power beyond human understanding. The white unicorn and the black lion were sealed away to remove this danger from people's consciousness, and they should now be completely forgotten.  However, the RX-0 Unicorn Gundam 03, which disappeared two years earlier, is now about to show itself in the Earth Sphere once more. A golden phoenix... named Phenex. Following an exploration mission on P2S-569, and the discovery of an underground facility intact, the SGC made the decision to use the existing infrastructure to develop a new site: the Gamma Base. By the time the latter is fully operational, General O'Neill has assigned the majority of his manpower available for defense. In parallel, as part of the alliance against the Goa'old's, a fleet of Rebels Jaffas is expected in the system for military exercises and scientific trials. Even more than the ship arming tests, the goal of the allies is the understanding of the "white dwarf phenomenon" that stretches around the planet, because it seems to affect most advanced technologies. The SGC garrison is preparing to receive their allies. However, the Jaffas do not seem to be the ones planned, and their goals are more obscure . 24 hours in Tehran. A traffic cop is interested in an actress, two old sourpusses terrorise the drug control lab, not everything a taxi driver says is the truth and a building worker seems to be in love. In 1970, British stage and film director Peter Brook created the International Centre of Theatre Research in Paris. In the autumn of 1973, the Centre conducted a five week work period at the Brooklyn Academy of Music, performing and giving demonstrations of exercises, in which members of the audience participated, and exchanged ideas with the New York theatre community. This is a film of one day's work. Second of three films compiling the "Code Geass: Hangyaku no Lelouch" TV anime. A tale of people unfolds under the night sky. These doomed couples and lost individuals begin journeys and attempt to find resolution in their lives. Love is observed from a distance, sadness is in the air. With little sympathy for the loss and destruction caused to the characters, the stories progress and become neatly woven into a minimalistic portrayal of modern life.  This is the third and final part of a 3-part theatrical film remake of the first 2 seasons of the parent anime.  