The powerful story of Jackie Robinson, the legendary baseball player who broke Major League Baseball's color barrier when he joined the roster of the Brooklyn Dodgers. The film follows the innovative Dodgers' general manager Branch Rickey, the MLB executive who first signed Robinson to the minors and then helped to bring him up to the show. Duel of Legends is directed by Hector Echavarria and is about a Chinese boy who is left to survive by himself because his parents were murdered by rebels. The boy is raised by a Temple Monk who teaches the boy the  secrets of the Martial arts. When the child grows up he travels to America were he joins American tournaments in karate where he discovers a dark secret about who actually killed his parents. An action filled martial arts movie with many twist and turns. The life story of Brazilian football legend, Pele. 11 Hopes centers around young athletes with passion for soccer and their journey to pursue it. Step into the curio cabinet of an ambitious inventor who defies the laws of time, space and dimension in order to reinvent everything around him. Suddenly, the visible becomes invisible, perspectives are transformed, and the world is literally turned upside down. Immerse yourself in a spectacular cinematic experience through never-before-seen angles. Movie-going just got jaw-dropping!  Set in rural Ohio, the birthplace of football, UNDERDOGS is the story of a small-town high school football team destined to play their cross-town rival, a perennial powerhouse, while standing up for an entire community. Dave Lizewski is an unnoticed high school student and comic book fan who one day decides to become a super-hero, even though he has no powers, training or meaningful reason to do so. A modernization of the classic western in which the Cowboys are a struggling local amateur soccer team, the Indians run a nearby Tandoori restaurant and the bandits are a group of menacing thugs led by a maniac known simply as 'American Bob'. Qin Hao's car accident caused him to have an instinct for speed while concealing fear. Qin Hao made a living on a daily basis and on one day received a small shareholder of the CDF team, Liu Xiaofei, and came to a black market. The black market drift he saw rekindled his dream of racing. Under the guidance of the tutor Chen Zihao, drift technology has advanced by leaps and bounds. He has begun to work hard towards his own dreams, but he has been riddled with thorns on his dream journey. Not only does he face trials from affection, love, and friendship, he also needs to overcome his inner fears. In the end, Qin Hao chose to persist and won the champion of the National Drift Contest. Mitsuki is shy and rather isolated at school. Towa is on the basketball team and Mitsuki's class-mate. Due to circumstances, Mitsuki soon begins to socialize with four jocks of the basketball team, which affects her self-esteem, her social status, her loneliness and her life. She finds a new lease in her school life. In the winter of 1820, the New England whaling ship Essex is assaulted by something no one could believe--a whale of mammoth size and will, and an almost human sense of vengeance. Cassie Grant (Christina Ricci) is a young girl from the United States who is wandering through England on foot. On her way to Ashby Wake Cassie is hit by a car. The driver of the car, Mrs Marion Kirkman (Kerry Fox), immediately calls an ambulance. During an examination at the local hospital the doctor comes to the conclusion that Cassie only has some scratches and not even a concussion, but Cassie has lost her memory due to the accident. She only knows her name and mother country, but she does not know which town she comes from, who her family is and why she is in England. A rash of grisly murders plagued a small southern Ohio town for over a decade, before ending abruptly in 1992. Now, 20 years later, this small town is again terrified as the body count begins to rise. Inspired by true events. Behnaz is a really talented football player. Her dream is to play for the Iranian national football team and play in the best European leagues. She trains hard and is determined, but being a girl and living in a small town in Iran presents difficulties. In 1962, a U.S. soldier sent to guard the peace in South Korea deserted his unit, walked across the most heavily fortified area on earth and defected to the Cold War enemy, the communist state of North Korea. He became a star of the North Korean propaganda machine, but then disappeared from the face of the earth. Now, after 45 years, the story of James Dresnok, the last American defector in North Korea, is being told for the first time. Crossing the Line follows Dresnok as he recalls his childhood, desertion, and life in the DPRK. Freeride, Freestyle and Alpine racing united! Legs of Steel presents the multi-discipline ski film 'Same Difference'. True to the credo -'a film about skiers', this documentary will provides a one-of-a-kind view into skiing's diversity. Follow Alpine race legend Felix Neureuther through a testing competitive season full of ultimate highs and lows. Take a ride with Fabian Lentsch, Bene Mayr & Sven Kueenle as they venture to the nerve centre of freeride skiing in Alaska, and watch on with anticipation as Freestyler Paddy Graham and his gang attempt to redefine gravity with the biggest jump ever attempted. The start gates and slopes are different and the rewards may seem wildly contrasting, but it's all just skiing in the end. Plot kept under wraps.Described as an R-rated musical comedy about the misadventures of two pilots. The corners of the globe are dotted with legendary mountain bike destinations, and the search for the next great freeride location has been well documented. Yet for Kyle Norbraten, James Doerfling, and Tom van Steenbergen, the great unknown includes their own backyard. During Follow the Fraser, the three BC residents join together to journey north through their own province, following the largest river in western Canada north through their respective hometowns and into a mountain range that beckons with red slopes and the promise of steep big mountain riding. The only guides they have are a few photos from Google Earth, a trusty Geo Tracker and a shared passion for freeriding. Over the course of the next four weeks, the crew revisits old favourites and new ranges all while camping and navigating the back roads of British Columbia. Brought to you by Absolute Cinema, Red Bull Media House, LEDLenser and MEC, and shot on location throughout British Columbia. A career driven professional from Manhattan is wooed by a young painter, who also happens to be the son of her psychoanalyst. An out of the box Snowboard Film by PIRATE MOVIE PRODUCTION coproduced by RED BULL MEDIA HOUSE. This unusual Snowboard action movie brings together some of the best european riders, an award-winning production crew and locations every snowboarder dreams of, all blending into one outstanding action packed visual experience. Join a tight group of snowboard professionals on their journeys around the globe, always on the hunt for the best snow, the biggest jumps, the gnarliest lines and the most unique features. From the streets of Russia and Canada, to the mystical forests of Japan; from the steepest mountains of India and Alaska to the endless possibilities of the European Alps; to the spiritual slopes of Greenland, we not only captured the action but also the sense of traveling. An infamous terrorist has evaded capture for a long time by being extremely clever and ruthless. Things get interesting when he hijacks a plane carrying famous security expert John Cutter, who isn't about to stand this sort of thing. The Football League Cup, commonly known as the League Cup or by the name referring to the title sponsor (currently the Capital One Cup), is a football competition played by teams in England and Wales. Watch the LIVE Screening of English Premier League matches exclusively at selected TGV Cinemas for as low as RM10 for MovieClub Members. Watch the LIVE Screening of English Premier League matches exclusively at selected TGV Cinemas for as low as RM10 for MovieClub Members. The Football League Cup, commonly known as the League Cup or by the name referring to the title sponsor (currently the Capital One Cup), is a football competition played by teams in England and Wales. Watch the LIVE Screening of English Premier League matches exclusively at selected TGV Cinemas for as low as RM10 for MovieClub Members. The Football League Cup, commonly known as the League Cup or by the name referring to the title sponsor (currently the Capital One Cup), is a football competition played by teams in England and Wales. Watch the LIVE Screening of English Premier League matches exclusively at selected TGV Cinemas for as low as RM10 for MovieClub Members. The Football League Cup, commonly known as the League Cup or by the name referring to the title sponsor (currently the Capital One Cup), is a football competition played by teams in England and Wales. Arsenal vs Manchester City: Premier League prediction Zero the Dog, already a failure as a bloodhound or a retriever, is just as bad as a watchdog, and is frightened when a burglar appears. Casper the Friendly Ghost, unknown to Zero, comes to his aid and frightens the burglar away. Zero thinks he did it on his own, and gains back all of his lost self-respect. The loyal, committed and very decent Elvis (Kenneth Nkosi) leaves Johannesburg en route to pick up his best friend and best man Tumi (Rapulana Seiphemo) in Durban. The two will then journey on to Cape Town to begin rehearsals for Elvis's wedding to the beautiful Ayanda (Zandile Msutwana).But things don't go according to plan. As Tumi and Elvis struggle to find their way through the Eastern Cape they are picked up by Rose (Jodie Whittaker), a young English doctor. Now there's an unlikely trio on the road, with romantic sparks igniting.Who knows if they'll make it on time, whether the wedding will be delayed or cancelled or come perilously close to not even happening. The life of the Buddha Shakamuni. An autistic 15-year-old boy steals money from his boss to provide rent for his abusive father, who uses the money to repay a loan shark. It's autumn in New York. Sam has broken up with his girlfriend and his father has recently died. World-weary and sloppy drunk, he finds temporary solace in the arms of Anna, a mysterious vampire who draws him away from his friends and into a web of addiction and madness. It's autumn in New York. Sam has broken up with his girlfriend and his father has recently died. World-weary and sloppy drunk, he finds temporary solace in the arms of Anna, a mysterious vampire who draws him away from his friends and into a web of addiction and madness. The greatest Olympic Wrestling Champion brother team joins Team Foxcatcher led by multimillionaire sponsor John E. du Pont as they train for the 1988 games in Seoul - a union that leads to unlikely circumstances. Ava, 13, is spending the summer on the Atlantic coast when she learns that she will lose her sight sooner than expected. Her mother decides to act as if everything were normal so as to spend their best summer ever. Ava confronts the problem in her own way. She steals a big black dog that belongs to a young man on the run...  In the film, the Crisis Empire devise a plan to defeat Kohtaro Minami by reverting him back to his old form of Kamen Rider Black and sending out several revived monsters after him. However, Kamen Rider Black is assisted by another RX, who used a time warp to help his past self. The two are joined by RX's alternate forms of Robo Rider and Bio Rider and the four Kamen Riders combine their powers to defeat the revived monsters. A combination "before the rage" and "after the rage" of world middleweight boxing champion Jake LaMotta's tumultuous life and times. Web loses his brother in an extreme sports accident. When he learns it may have been murder he searches, from America to his ancestral home in China, pursuing answers and vengeance. Beyond the Mat is a 1999 professional wrestling documentary, directed by Barry W. Blaustein. The movie focuses on the lives of professional wrestlers outside of the ring, especially Mick Foley, Terry Funk, and Jake Roberts. The film heavily focuses on the World Wrestling Federation (WWF), often criticizing it and its chairman Vince McMahon. It also follows Extreme Championship Wrestling, it's rise in popularity, and many other independent wrestlers and organisations. Five world class surfers travel to New Guinea in search of undiscovered waves, but end up discovering so much more. Documentary portrait of Carl Boenish, the father of the BASE jumping movement, whose early passion for skydiving led him to ever more spectacular -and dangerous- feats of foot-launched human flight. After suffering a career ending knee injury, pro-baseball superstar Jimmy Easton (Dave Stone) returns to a place he has not been in a very long time....home. Here, Jimmy confronts dark memories from a tragic past as he tries to make peace with a life he once left behind. Things take an unexpected turn when he is forced back into the world of baseball as the coach of an underachieving college team. Coach's Jimmy's rocky relationship with Brandon Elliot (Johnny Meier), the team's only star, challenges both of them to deal with their similarly troubled pasts (intriguefilms.com). Get up close and personal with the blood, sweat and tears of competitive mixed martial arts with this documentary, which follows welterweight hopeful Jon Fitch as he prepares for the fight of his life against perennial UFC champ Georges St-Pierre. Chronicles the daily lives of professional MMA fighters from all different levels over the course of one year. Across Africa, people are using soccer to lift themselves up, to create change in their communities and to pave the way for progress. "The Beautiful Game" follows several unforgettable Africans who are beating the odds on and off the pitch. A wandering baba initiates a widower layer and his youngest daughter, irritating her boyfriend Satya and the ever-skeptical Nibaran. The historical impact of Mexican fighters in mixed martial arts. The double life of Methodist minister's wife catches up to her, as her husband campaigns for Mayor in a small New Jersey town. When Melanie and Phil ask their son Danny what he wants for his birthday, they are greeted with the response that every parent dreads: a dog. When Danny selects his dog from the local shelter he lovingly names her Shelly in honour of all sheltered dogs. Realising that Shelly has a talent, Danny decides to enter her in the illustrious Wiener Dog Nationals race. Only one thing stands in their way: Ms Merryweather and her champion dog Princess. A former sports star who's fallen on hard times starts coaching his son's soccer team in an attempt to get his life together. American chess champion Bobby Fischer prepares for a legendary match-up against Russian Boris Spassky. The incredible story of the 1992 Lithuanian basketball team, whose athletes struggled under Soviet rule, became symbols of Lithuania's independence movement, and - with help from the Grateful Dead - triumphed at the Barcelona Olympics. A drama inspired by the life of heavyweight boxer Chuck Wepner. BRAVE NEW WILD is an offbeat chronicle of America's Golden Age of rock climbing before and after the controversial ascent of the Dawn Wall in 1970. Some forty years later, Oakley Anderson-Moore, the daughter of a pioneering climber, stumbles upon her father's old hi8 tapes, and sets out to answer the question: why climb when there's nothing to gain -- and everything to lose? Wry humor and an eclectic original soundtrack punctuate the delinquent antics of the Vulgarians in the 'Gunks, the larger-than-life rivalry of Yosemite's rock gods, and the fruit tramping, freight train hopping hobodom of her dad's climbing life. This film is quintessential viewing for those who long for adventure. The inspirational story of World Champion Boxer Vinny Pazienza, who after a near fatal car crash, which left him not knowing if he'd ever walk again, made one of sports most incredible comebacks. Surfer Jay Moriarity sets out to ride the Northern California break known as Mavericks. Soldiers of Paint is a documentary that focuses on the annual D-Day paintball event in Oklahoma. People come from all over to recreate the battle of Normandy, complete with simulated beach landings, tank assaults and mobile command posts. In 2009, Alex Gibney was hired to make a film about Lance Armstrong's comeback to cycling. The project was shelved when the doping scandal erupted, and re-opened after Armstrong's confession. The Armstrong Lie picks up in 2013 and presents a riveting, insider's view of the unraveling of one of the most extraordinary stories in the history of sports. As Lance Armstrong says himself, "I didn't live a lot of lies, but I lived one big one." In a last-ditch effort to save his career, sports agent JB Bernstein (Jon Hamm) dreams up a wild game plan to find Major League Baseball's next great pitcher from a pool of cricket players in India. He soon discovers two young men who can throw a fastball but know nothing about the game of baseball. Or America. It's an incredible and touching journey that will change them all -- especially JB, who learns valuable lessons about teamwork, commitment and family. A high school biology teacher moonlights as a mixed-martial arts fighter in an effort to raise money to save the school's music program. A pair of aging boxing rivals are coaxed out of retirement to fight one final bout -- 30 years after their last match. This is an epic tale of two gangs, like The Jets and The Sharks. But Girl and Chocolate aren't even gangs. Some of them act tough and some of them act like babies. But they are even more unlike the Jets and The Sharks in that they aren't even battling each other for territory. They really don't know what the hell they are doing. They don't have a feud, most of them really like each other so that is another thing they don't have in common with the Jets and the Sharks. What they do have in common with The Jets and The Sharks is they love to dance. And when I say dance, I mean SKATE. And when I say SKATE, I mean really good. From the directors that brought you Mouse, Yeah Right and Fully Flared, another chapter in this tale with no plot, no ending but beautiful inner battles acted out on a little board with wheels. Two little league teams take on their coaches' sibling rivalry, and end up doing battle in a place the baseball world never expected: in the outfield of the Home Run Derby. Mark Vashro travels by bicycle from Boston to San Diego through the southern regions of the United States. As he travels, he meets fascinating people and asks them how they ended up where they are. He meets Dave, an alcoholic from Virginia who is trying to reach his family in North Carolina. A woman in New Orleans who used to be an acclaimed designer in New York but realized it wasn't the right life for her. A fisherman living in a self built, single room house in the marshes of Louisiana, wondering how the oil spill will affect his life. These people along with amazing experiences and scenery tell a story of great adventure and human experience. At the age of 12, Janny, Lisa, Debby and Michelle leave their home for a sports school in the East German province to become wrestlers. A documentary about coming-of-age between boarding school corridors, wrestling gyms and boy band posters. A documentary about the sport of boxing, as seen through the eyes of champions Mike Tyson, Evander Holyfield and Bernard Hopkins. A street smart runner develops an intense rivalry with an equally ambitious wealthy young athlete. The coach of a women's swim team parlays her success into an opportunity to build her school's men's golf team. In the 70s two brothers battle killer waves, conservative society and ruthless bikers to kick-start the modern surf industry. A God-fearing bluesman takes to a wild young woman who, as a victim of childhood sexual abuse, is looking everywhere for love, but never quite finding it. When Samantha loses her scholarship, she is convinced by her retired vet father to compete in a high stakes horseshoes tournament to win back the squandered college cash. Samantha must then discover the physical and inner-strength she needs to succeed. This eye-opening documentary follows American basketball player Kevin Sheppard during his 2008-09 season playing for a professional team in Iran. Although Kevin is nervous, he makes many friends, including several politically active Iranian women. When cricket obsessed Teddy Brown realizes his mates are growing up and moving on, he leads them and his D-Grade team on an audacious tour of India, where stumps fly, friendships fray and Ted learns that it's time to start playing shots for himself. A pregnant teen and her younger sister run away from foster homes and kidnap a woman whom they believe can help with the pregnancy. 'In Football We Trust' captures a snapshot in time amid the rise of the Pacific Islander presence in the NFL. Presenting a new take on the American immigrant story, this feature length documentary transports viewers deep inside the tightly-knit Polynesian community in Salt Lake City, Utah. With unprecedented access and shot over a four-year time period, the film intimately portrays four young Polynesian men striving to overcome gang violence and near poverty through American football. Viewed as the "salvation" for their families, these young players reveal the culture clash they experience as they transform out of their adolescence and into the high stakes world of collegiate recruiting and rigors of societal expectations. The legendary Roberto Duran and his equally legendary trainer Ray Arcel change each other's lives. Billy "The Great" Hope, the reigning junior middleweight boxing champion, has an impressive career, a loving wife and daughter, and a lavish lifestyle. However, when tragedy strikes, Billy hits rock bottom, losing his family, his house and his manager. He soon finds an unlikely savior in Tick Willis, a former fighter who trains the city's toughest amateur boxers. With his future on the line, Hope fights to reclaim the trust of those he loves the most. Two down on their luck Liverpool cabbies, Tommy and Gerry, strike an unusual deal with a local gangster to take their sons on a trip of a lifetime, to watch their beloved football team play in the European Cup Final in Istanbul. Hoping to use the trip as a chance to bond with their sons, big trouble awaits them in the form of a sexy hotel chambermaid, two ruthless crooks on a mission and a bag of counterfeit cash.  It is 3-0 down at half time and things could not be more desperate both on and off the pitch. Stevie G and the boys in red are trying to launch the most amazing football comeback in history, and Tommy is in deep water, being held hostage. With the clock ticking and time running out, a miracle is needed fast. In the end a bit of faith, and Gerry's lucky underpants may be the only thing that can get them and the cup back home in one piece. Three teams and their journey to become the next Gay Bowl Champions. With everything on the line, some teams will come together and others will fall apart, but gay sports will never be seen the same way again. A chronicle of the life of Louis Zamperini, an Olympic runner who was taken prisoner by Japanese forces during World War II. The eleven year old cycling talent Freddy is the son of a butcher in an idyllic village in no man's land. His isolated life is turned upside down completely in 1975 when the first supermarket in the village opens its doors. To mark the opening the supermarket organizes a cycling race and the winner of that match will meet Eddy Merckx. Freddy's father is a fervent opponent of the supermarket and the competition, but Freddy subscribes behind his back. By participating in the race a new world opens, not only for Freddy, but also for all those around him. Written by Anonymous  (IMDB.com) Prequel movie of Quan Zhi Gao Shou (The King's Avatar), dealing with Ye Xiu's original entry into the pro gaming world of Glory, and the first Pro League series tournament. The true story of the first Samoan Quarterback who took his team to a National Championship....only not in the way that you think. Dewey Winfield is a lovable loser who wants nothing more than to beat the guy who has bullied him his whole life in a big fishing tournament.  In order to win, Dewey will need the help of some eccentric senior citizens who are about to be evicted from their assisted living home.  When they all go fishing, comedy ensues - tragedy strikes - and Dewey discovers that his hopes and dreams of winning the fishing tournament may not be the most important thing in life after all. A former footballer living in Brittany enlists his old teammates to help the local fisherman to win some games in order to raise money and save jobs. An ex footballer embroiled in a scandal returns hometown clear his name and reignite an old flame (Long Synopsis) "When former tennis pro Owen "Game Set" Match gets fired from his cushy job instructing at the affluent Fountain Club, he's forced to take a position at the gritty public courts of the Derby City Recreation Center.  There he contends with his new co-workers, a ragtag group of tennis pro misfits; his boss Sherry, a strong-willed, single mother; and her son Jake, a goth teenager and secret tennis hopeful.  Slowly Owen begins to win over his colleagues, mend his broken friendships and help Jake fix his serve ... and develops a romantic connection with Sherry, despite her insistence that she doesn't date tennis pros.  Just when things seem to be looking up, Owen's former boss and court nemesis challenges the Derby City club to a showdown in the annual Combo Cup tennis tournament.  As he leads his team of oddball amateurs, Owen learns the most valuable lesson of all ... On the court or off, everyone deserves a second chance!" An obese boy named Fat Albert and his friends Rudy, Mushmouth, Bill, Dumb Donald, Russell, and Weird Harold, pulls into trouble when they "fall" out of their TV world into the real world, where Fat Albert tries to help a young girl, Doris, make friends. 1989: Caroline Meagher is a sergeant with the Royal Military Police, with 12 years' experience, stationed in Northern Ireland. Two men from internal affairs grill her for four days: someone has accused her of being a lesbian. It's an offense that leads to court martial. In a series of flashbacks, we see her enthusiasm when she joins the force, her various assignments including investigating suspected lesbians, and her own slow discovery of her sexual nature. She, like others in her situation, must go to great lengths to avoid detection. Once reported, will she withstand the interrogation? Meagher herself comments on camera at the end of the film. A young woman aspires to become a 9-ball professional and champion but her hustling uncle has other plans for her skills. Passionate BMX dirt jumper, Phin Cooper, wants nothing in life but to attain fame in his sport. After missing a competition when he lands in jail for unpaid citations, he is court-ordered for community service and reluctantly mentors one of the toughest boys, Blue Espinosa. As Phin leads the troubled teen on exciting adventures of riding dirt trails, big jumps and cityscapes, Blue becomes more than an obligation - an unlikely friend whose secret world of drug trafficking threatens Phin's ultimate dream. Featuring some of the best stunts in dirt jumping by legendary pros and hardcore locals, Heroes of Dirt is more than adrenaline rush. It embarks on an unforgettable journey into real significance, and the price it takes to get there. Set in the competitive world of modern agriculture, ambitious Henry Whipple wants his rebellious son Dean to help expand his family's farming empire. However, Dean has his sights set on becoming a professional race car driver. When a high-stakes investigation into their business is exposed, father and son are pushed into an unexpected situation that threatens the family's entire livelihood. A former NCAA champion wrestler is paroled after 10 years in prison. Now, to save a friend's life, in a series of cage fights he must agree to do the impossible - lose. Directed by Frank Lin this movie tells the story of a group of talented but financially struggling B-Boys that join an underground fighting ring in Downtown Los Angeles that uses Hip-Hop music and Break dancing to battle for money. To save the life of one of their friend's father, the B-Boys form a strong bond. They fight for each other, for their families and for a better future. A native-American lacrosse team makes its way through a prep school league tournament. Upon learning that their mother has been lying to them for years about their allegedly deceased father, two fraternal twin brothers hit the road in order to find him. A young girl (Jade Pettyjohn) struggles to maintain her school grades while competing as a gymnast. Factual drama exploring the truth behind the space shuttle Challenger's 1986 explosion. A biographical drama centered on the rivalry between Formula 1 drivers James Hunt and Niki Lauda during the 1976 Formula One motor-racing season. Two best friends (Kate and Chloe) embark on a cross country trip back to their hometown to attempt to win a pageant that eluded them as children. A backstage and on-stage look at Justin Bieber during his rise to super stardom. A true sports story that utterly defies the odds, Duguay's film captures the wild ups and downs of the Olympics-bound career of legendary equine star Jappeloup and his troubled rider, locked in a tense relationship with his horseman father and forever uncertain of his own skills as an equestrian The life story of one of Britain's most notorious bare-knuckle fighters, Lenny McLean, also known as "the Guv'nor." A pro ball player with a substance abuse problem is forced into rehab in his hometown, finding new hope when he gets honest about his checkered past, and takes on coaching duties for a misfit Little League team Barely being able to make ends meet and doing everything he can possibly do to cover his ill son's growing medical bills, Hector Chavez turns to his fighting roots in the underbelly of LA. His amateur Mixed Martial Arts videos go viral grabbing the attention of the world's top MMA federation. Hector is then given a dream come true opportunity to go up against the MMA World Champion; a vicious fighter whose last opponent is in critical condition in the same hospital as his son. Hector is faced with a real do-or -die situation and must risk it all so his son can have the surgery he needs to survive. In Los Angeles, a gang of bank robbers call themselves The Ex-Presidents commit their crimes while wearing masks of Reagan, Carter, Nixon and Johnson. The F.B.I. believes that the members of the gang could be surfers and send young agent Johnny Utah undercover at the beach to mix with the surfers and gather information. England, 15th century. Hal, a capricious prince who lives among the populace far from court, is forced by circumstances to reluctantly accept the throne and become Henry V. Set in 1958, Populaire focuses on Rose Pamphyle, who lives with her widowed father and is destined to marry a son of the local mechanic. Rose travels out of town and applies for a secretarial job with an insurance agency run by Louis Echard. Louis learns that Rose can type with extraordinary speed -- using only two fingers -- and he tells her to compete in a speed-typing competition if she wants the job. A team of CIA agents and special forces head into Afghanistan in the aftermath of the September 11th attacks in an attempt to dismantle the Taliban. Three countries. One passion to make a tower of hundreds of people, of their trust in each other, to get close enough and balance long enough, to go ten levels of humans high into the sky. Kimberly Benson is Viper, one of Scotland's top female wrestlers. As part of BBC1's Our Lives, we are with Kim in Glasgow and in Japan as she fights in some of the most important matches of her career.  As women's wrestling steps into the mainstream, it's a pivotal moment in Kim's career. We follow Kim into this intriguing and sometimes dangerous world at home and abroad as she takes us behind the scenes of a rarely seen and often misunderstood yet utterly fascinating world. In southwestern China, state athletic coaches scour the countryside to recruit poor, rural teenagers who demonstrate a natural ability to throw a good punch. Moved into boxing training centers, these boys and girls undergo a rigorous regimen that grooms them to be China's next Olympic heroes but also prepares them for life outside the ring. As these young boxers develop, the allure of turning professional for personal gain and glory competes with the main philosophy behind their training - to represent their country. Interconnected with their story is that of their charismatic coach, Qi Moxiang, who - now in his late thirties and determined to win back lost honor - trains for a significant fight. Determined ski jumping champ Lindsey Van and her USA teammates fight to compete in the Olympics, which doesn't allow women to compete in that sport. Already able to outdo the world's best male ski jumpers, Van goes up against the naysayers. Slowed by age and failing eyesight, crack baseball scout Gus Lobel takes his grown daughter along as he checks out the final prospect of his career. Along the way, the two renew their bond, and she catches the eye of a young player-turned-scout. Iverson is the ultimate legacy of NBA legend Allen Iverson, who rose from a childhood of crushing poverty in Hampton, Virginia, to become an 11-time NBA All-Star and universally recognized icon of his sport. Off the court, his audacious rejection of conservative NBA convention and unapologetic embrace of hip hop culture sent shockwaves throughout the league and influenced an entire generation. Told largely in Iverson's own words, the film charts the career highs and lows of one of the most distinctive and accomplished figures the sport of basketball has ever seen. "Rising from Ashes" is a feature length documentary about the first Rwandan National Cycling Team and their six year journey to the Olympic games in London. It's not about the bike. It's about second chances, how our past doesn't have to define our future, and the impossible triumph of the human spirit over one of the world's most devastating genocides. We Are Skateboarders is a 'as real as it gets' documentation of the soul of skateboarding, and how some of the legendary skateboarders feel its soul has changed over the years. Since the mainstream has come to play a major role in the skateboard industry, there has been much dispute amongst skateboarders if skateboarding is loosing its purity and status as a core activity. The film tackles this issue with enlightening interviews from famous skateboarders such as Lance Mountain, Greg Lutzka, Rob Dyrdek, Peter Smolik, and Christian Hosoi, creating the most legitimate discussion towards the controversy in the skateboarding industry. Set against the backdrop of 'the beautiful game', Black and White Stripes tells the epic story of Italy's legendary Agnelli family and their team, Juventus F.C., as they set out to capture an elusive gold star in order to avoid annihilation. As the inspirational journey unfolds, the film weaves in game-changing moments from their heart-wrenching legacy - revealing the profound passion between family and team. On and off the field it's love, war and breathtaking cinema. A track coach in a small California town transforms a team of athletes into championship contenders. Chris Cahill is a young athlete who competes unsuccessfully in the 1976 U.S. Olympic trials. She meets a more experienced lesbian track and field competitor, Tory Skinner, and their friendship evolves into a romantic relationship. What if the pride of a community hinged on the demise of their greatest hero? Brett Favre was the pride of Wisconsin for sixteen years until he left after a messy conflict with the Green Bay Packers. When he sought the opportunity to play for the Packers' arch-nemisis, the Minnesota Vikings, the people of Wisconsin turned from adoration of Favre to hatred. LAST DAY AT LAMBEAU explores this complex relationship between fans and pro athletes and the specific events which defined the war between Brett Favre, the Packers and Packers Nation. Documentary about athletic hopefuls from the Ethiopian village of Bekoji A retrospective look at the youth cultures born in the German Democratic Republic. A celebration of the lust for life, a contemporary trip into the world of skate, a tale on three heroes and their boards, from their childhood in the seventies, through their teenage rebellion in the eighties and the summer of 1989, when their life changed forever, to 2011. In 1985 a summer vacation in Ocean City, Md., changes the life of a shy white teen who's obsessed with table tennis and hip-hop music. A documentary about the confluence of Christianity and mixed martial arts, including ministries which train fighters. The film follows several pastors and popular fighters in their quest to reconcile their faith with a sport that many consider violent and barbaric. Faith is tried and questions are raised. Can you really love your neighbor as yourself and then punch him in the face? Set in rural Ohio, the birthplace of football, UNDERDOGS is the story of a small-town high school football team destined to play their cross-town rival, a perennial powerhouse, while standing up for an entire community. During America's Civil War Union spies steal engineer Johnnie Gray's beloved locomotive The General - his lady love, Annabelle Lee, aboard an attached boxcar - and he single-handedly must do all in his power to both get The General back and to rescue Annabelle. Released throughout most of the world in 1927, this Silent comedy-action film flopped when originally released, but now is regarded as one of the great American motion pictures. The story is based on actual historic events. When six teenage boys came together as a skateboarding team in the 1980s, they reinvented not only their chosen sport but themselves too - as they evolved from insecure outsiders to the most influential athletes in the field. Creative and competitive, members of the Evil Geniuses Starcraft 2 team must prove themselves to make the cut in professional video gaming. Good Game follows the team as they discover that one wrong move could end their dreams. A boxer from berlin gets involved in several schemes. When trouble mounts, he relocates to Turkey. A huge doping scandal erupted at the 2001 cross-country skiing world championship in Lahti, Finland, leading to large numbers of disqualifications. Athletes from the host country in particular had made generous use of illegal performance-enhancing drugs. It was to be the precursor of more drug cases at the Winter Olympics a year later in Salt Lake City. When Heroes Lie analyzes the history of doping from the 1970s to the present day, using archive footage and interviews with skiers, coaches and experts. Double Down Live is a 2 DVD set from ZZ Top combining shows from 1980 and 2008. Disc one was filmed at the Grugahalle in Essen, Germany for the Rockpalast TV series. Hot on the heels of their classic "Deguello" album (it features 9 of the 10 songs from it) the show finds ZZ Top before sequencers and synthesizers epitomizing their "lil' ol' blues band from Texas" nickname. Complimented by tracks drawn predominantly from their "Tres Hombres" and "Fandango!" albums this is a true best of ZZ Top in the seventies. Disc Two was shot during their European tour in 2008 and combines great live performances, interview clips and back stage footage to create the ultimate ZZ Top on the road movie. With nearly 30 years between the performances the two disc set gives a fascinating "then and now" insight into what has maintained the ZZ Top live phenomenon. Celebration in a country of basketball. Lithuania, probably the only country in the world where basketball is routinely described as a religion, hosts the most important basketball event of the year - the European basketball championship or EuroBasket 2011. The biggest nation's pride, Lithuania's national basketball team has a long winning tradition. The entire Lithuania is waiting only for the gold. However the team's star player Linas Kleiza has suffered a serious injury and will not be playing for the championship. A passionate group of Australian same-sex ballroom dancers battle homophobia, injury and personal drama as they pursue their dream of competing at the Gay Games in Germany. After tumbling into a magic storybook, Puss in Boots must fight, dance and romance his way through wild adventures as he searches for an escape. The Sao Silvestre Road Race is a famous long-distance running event held yearly in the city of Sao Paulo, Brazil, on December 31st. The movie recreates the experience of running the race in 2011. Yann Madec, long-time best mate of Frank Drevil, the star skipper of Global System Insurance, sees his dream come true when he replaces the injured Frank at the last minute for the start of the Vendee Globe. Nine days into the race and leading, Yann is forced to stop in Cape Verde to repair his broken center-board. Back in the race, Yann discovers a stowaway on board, a Senegalese teenager named Moussa. Faced with the risk of disqualification because of Moussa's presence, Yann hesitates... Their encounter leads to the most unforgettable round-the-world race ever. Reveal the Path is a genre-defying adventure film that contemplates what it means to live an inspired life using the bicycle as a mechanism to explore, dream and discover.  Regions explored include Scotlands lush valleys, Europes snow capped mountains, Moroccos high desert landscapes, Nepals rural countryside and Alaskas rugged coastal beaches. Ride along and get lost in the wonders of the world Meet the locals living modest yet seemingly fulfilling lives, leading us to question what it means to live an inspired life however humble or extravagant. Filmed across four continents and featuring Tour Divide race legends, Matthew Lee &amp; Kurt Refsnider, this immersive film is sure to ignite the dream in you.  Join in as the creators of Ride the Divide take you on an adventure that will leave you with an eager desire to chart your own course to far away lands or simply to discover with eyes wide open whats right around the bend. The children of "Happy Valley" were victimized for years, by a key member of the legendary Penn State college football program. But were Jerry Sandusky's crimes an open secret? With rare access, director Amir Bar-Lev delves beneath the headlines to tell a modern American parable of guilt, redemption, and identity. A naive Kabaddi player vows to clean up the game when he discovers how it has been infiltrated by criminal elements. Biopic of Russian ice hockey legend Valeri Kharlamov from early childhood, rising to the pinnacle of the sport and his untimely death After a teenager's friends die in an accident, he finds running allows him to remember them perfectly. Running, however, also brings him notoriety. He is caught between keeping the past alive and making new memories in the present. Wingman rule number one: don't fall for a client. A boy who dreams of becoming the next Shahid Afridi finds himself down on his luck when the only club he ever knew goes bankrupt. This inspirational story follows the Nashville Rollergirls through the loss of their practice space, the move to a new game venue, injuries, relocation of key players, huge financial pressures, and even an epic flood. Ever the underdog, and with a burning in their bellies, the Nashville Rollergirls seek to prove themselves at every turn, and nothing will prevent them from achieving the goals they set. On a quest to succeed athletically on the national stage, and to keep their skater-owned-and operated organization afloat, the Nashville Rollergirls, in true Nashville spirit, refuse to accept no, can't, or won't. And in true roller derby spirit, they bring do-it-yourself to the next level. A company, where manipulation and harassment is a problem between colleagues, decides to organize a canyoning trip for its employees. The building tensions between co-workers might actually explode during this trip. An unlikely basketball team of unappreciated middle-aged Texas women, all former high school champs, challenge the current high school girls' state champs to raise money for breast cancer prevention. Sparks fly as the women go to comic extremes to prove themselves on and off the court, become a national media sensation, and gain a new lease on life. A Filipino film directed by Bianca Catbagan and  Jose Antonio de Rivera. Generation Iron - examines the professional sport of bodybuilding today and gives the audience front row access to the lives of the top 7 bodybuilders in the sport as they train to compete in the world's most premiere bodybuilding stage - Mr. Olympia. Years after being disqualified in a big fight and leaving the country in disgrace, an Argentinean boxer returns to restore his honor and reunite with the young son he has never met. Momo has one dream buried for years: become a petanque champion. When an international tournament is announced, he drops his ordinary life to win the first prize and fulfill his dreams. The Crusty boys are back at it. Showcasing the best of the best from this fertile island. Witness the do or die attitude that catapulted these extraordinary Aussies onto the worldwide stage! Match Point is Woody Allen's satire of the British High Society and the ambition of a young tennis instructor to enter into it. Yet when he must decide between two women - one assuring him his place in high society, and the other that would take him far from it - palms start to sweat and a dark psychological match in his head begins. David Essex stars as Nick Freeman, a motorcycle racer who, following the death of his brother, inherits a revolutionary prototype motorcycle, and is determined to race it at the British Grand Prix at Silverstone. Three friends growing up in India at the turn of the millennium set out to open a training academy to produce the country's next cricket stars. Leon, the top hit man in New York, has earned a rep as an effective "cleaner". But when his next-door neighbors are wiped out by a loose-cannon DEA agent, he becomes the unwilling custodian of 12-year-old Mathilda. Before long, Mathilda's thoughts turn to revenge, and she considers following in Leon's footsteps. A teenager overcomes odds to run a 4-minute mile race. On the Edge is about suicidal patients discovering their true selves while going through therapy in a treatment center. Alex Taylor investigates her sisters murder in this erotic thriller. Her sister, Kim Taylor, is a gorgeous girl who's murder haunts Alex. Alex is out of her jurisdiction, but, decides to complete the investigation. At the NFL Draft, general manager Sonny Weaver has the opportunity to rebuild his team when he trades for the number one pick. He must decide what he's willing to sacrifice on a life-changing day for a few hundred young men with NFL dreams. Action / Documentary / Other - Raw the Movie is a new vision in surf filmmaking, combining surfing, cinematorgraphy, and a mindful use of editing that synchronizes video and audio. It showcases a diverse range of professional and everyday surfing that has not been seen in years. If you've attended a women's roller derby bout in its latest incarnation, you've seen it: the love and addiction that drives thousands of women around the globe to don fishnets, stage names and roller skates. The number of female league-skaters in the US is estimated over 20,000, and the first-ever World Cup in 2011 had women around the globe lacing up skates to compete internationally. Narrated by actress/musician 'Juliette Lewis' , Derby Baby takes viewers on a quest to learn why women's roller derby is the fastest growing sport in the world. Former football player and wrestler Chris Nowinski's quest to publicize recent findings about the often dire consequences of head concussions sustained by athletes in contact sports -- injuries that have previously been considered momentary setbacks and ignored in the name of toughness and dedication to the team. Len is a Surf Lifesaving champion, a legend in the cloistered surf club just like his father. When the younger, faster, and fitter Phil arrives at the club, Len's legendary status starts to crumble. Then Len sees Phil arriving in the company of another man. Phil is gay. After the annual awards dinner, Len finds Phil in the Club House locker room and violently attacks him. To Len's surprise, Phil refuses to rat on Len about the beating. When Phil wins the annual Surf Lifesaving competition, Len's defeat is final. In an act of revenge, Len gets Phil drunk and subjects him to a series of humiliating acts. But, the hatefulness forces Len to come face to face with a fundamental question: can he accept the truth about his own sexuality. After his eldest son is murdered in a gangland hit, an absentee father desperately tries to protect what's left of the shattered family he abandoned. A young coach turns a losing high school football program around to go undefeated for 12 consecutive seasons. Melrose's circus is being threatened by his competitor, who's angry that Melrose has outmanuevered him in bookings; what he doesn't know is that the competitor has also planted a saboteur who creates accidents in hopes of reducing the value of the circus. Meanwhile, he's also hired a beautiful young woman as the magician's assistant, with eyes toward more - but he realizes that, as a midget, she won't have him. Life for the residents of a tower block begins to run out of control. Albuquerque-born boxer Johnny Tapia's life was a maelstrom of turmoil. The glory of his punishing ring prowess and handful of world titles across three weight classes forever jockeyed with personal demons: his mother's kidnapping and murder when he was 8, drug addiction, mental illness and suicide attempts. Popoy and Basha had been together forever. Their love story began when they first met as students at university. They had been inseparable and did everything together--eating, studying and attending parties. However, Popoy's incessant planning and nagging took a toll on their relationship leading Basha to break-up with him. In the aftermath of the BP oil spill, an idealistic but imperfect New Orleans politician (Nicolas Cage) finds his plans of restoration unraveling as his own life becomes contaminated with corruption, scandal and deceit. Taking a cue from last fall's enormously successful DECADE OF DOMINANCE: Tennessee Football 90s, the Vol Network has produced an exciting special edition DVD version of this blockbuster hit. It's the first DVD in Vol Network history!  -Over 45 minutes of bonus footage including interviews as well as exclusive locker room speeches and celebrations.  -Bonus audio track featuring UT legends Gus Manning and Haywood Harris.  -Interactive menus  -All-American Gallery  -1990s Results  -First DVD in Vol Network History! An independent documentary directed by Bobbito Garcia and Kevin Couliau. The film explores the definition, history, culture, social impact and global influence of New York's outdoor summer basketball scene, the worldwide 'Mecca' of the sport. A look at the life of the astronaut, Neil Armstrong, and the legendary space mission that led him to become the first man to walk on the Moon on July 20, 1969. This morning they were playing ping-pong in the hospital rec room. Now they're lost in New York and framed for murder. This was never covered in group therapy. Queen Christina of Sweden is a popular monarch who is loyal to her country. However, when she falls in love with a Spanish envoy, she must choose between the throne and the man she loves. When a high school football star is suddenly stricken with irreversible total blindness, he must decide whether to live a safe handicapped life or bravely return to the life he once knew and the sport he still loves. Pavel Abraham's football documentary offers 22 different viewpoints of who is watching. At a match between Sparta and Slavia, the filmmakers used 22 cameras to film the spontaneous reactions of various visitors, fans, tourists, VIPs, intellectuals, and security guards over the course of the entire game. This experiment with the Czech Republic's national sport shows football as a game around which the viewers create a whole range of other, highly diverse games. A father, who has trained his son all his life to play football, pauses when his son turns twelve and is about to play tackle football. Journalist Sean Pamphilon went out on a mission to decide when it was appropriate to let his son play the game he's loved all his life. Red Bull Media House, in association with Poor Boyz Productions, is proud to release the official trailer for WE: A Collection of Individuals. WE is a compelling story surrounding the life and times of the modern day skier. It has long been thought that skiing was an individual sport, however the story of WE proves that this idea is nothing more than a fallacy. Skiing is an art, a collaborative effort that takes the energy of many. Even though skiing encompasses many different venues and styles, the core remains within the crew of individuals that help scout, build, transport, struggle and keep each other safe. WE follows a season as a group of the most influential skiers travel the world in search of epic powder lines, tackling the streets, and creative park features. Together this collection of individuals become WE. A documentary on classic video arcade collectors across North America. Those who were the first to look into the neon haze of a vector/raster screen and fall in love. The first quarter poppers, the "vidiots" who never grew up.  It is the year 1856. Nawab Wajid Ali Shah is the king of Awadh, one of the last independent kingdoms of India. The British colonialists, intent on controlling this rich land, have sent general Outram on a secret mission to clear the way for an annexation. Pressure is mounting amidst intrigue and political manoeuvres, but the Nawab whiles away his time in pursuit of pleasure and religious practice. The court is of no help either--Court nobles Mir and Mirza, ignoring the situation of their country and all their duties towards their families, spend their days playing endless games of chess.  The film is based on Munshi Premchand's short story of the same name. After many rumors of an MLS team arriving in Philadelphia never materializing, a small group of soccer fans took matters into their own hands and started a supporters group called the Sons of Ben to help bring a team to their hometown. They were a group without a team to root for and had a modest goal of reaching 100 members by the end of the year. Little did they know they would reach over 1,500 members in less time than that and start a movement that would not only change the soccer landscape in Philadelphia forever, but also help revive a community that had been struggling for decades. A young man, whose world was sports and motorcycles, lost almost his life in a horrible crash. Now he is on the road to recovery to get back on track. An ex-football star, paralyzed from the waist down during Vietnam, accepts the challenge of coaching football in a juvenile reform school. The I Heart Revolution: With Hearts as One is the ninth album by Hillsong United and the first of the three-part "I Heart Revolution" project. With Hearts as One was recorded around the world across the span of two years, and contains thirty songs. The album was released in Australia on 8 March 2008, and internationally on various later dates. The album was initially released in both physical and digital formats, along with a USB release. A companion DVD was also released in September 2008. More than anything, 30-year-old Rose longs to be reunited with Mickael, her estranged 11-year-old son who has been placed with a foster family and blames his mother for their long separation. When she discovers that Mickael is crazy about wrestling, Rose thinks she's found a way to melt the ice: she'll put together a tag team with three girlfriends from the store where all four work as checkout girls... Roller derby dames go up against supernatural evil. Framed in the 1940s for the double murder of his wife and her lover, upstanding banker Andy Dufresne begins a new life at the Shawshank prison, where he puts his accounting skills to work for an amoral warden. During his long stretch in prison, Dufresne comes to be admired by the other inmates -- including an older prisoner named Red -- for his integrity and unquenchable sense of hope. Every nation gets the heroes it deserves. A man with a special blood type is used as a device for human doping athletes skiing national team. Alone, and targeted on an isolated farm, 12 year old Henry finds himself at the center of a maelstrom of terror, and a dark family legacy, when his secretive grandfather dies suddenly in the night. As the title implies, Tom and Jerry are in a bowling alley. Both spend a lot of time sliding on the well-polished lanes. Eventually, Jerry takes up residence among the pins and Tom tries to bowl him down. Professional skateboarder Amelia Brodka examines the skateboarding industry's approach to how it markets, promotes and supports women in its sport. "Ben 10: Race Against Time" has Ben back in his hometown of Bellwood. Even though he's back in school and leaving his hero adventures behind him, it seems that Ben will be facing his greatest challenge yet. The true story of the "Flying Sikh" world champion runner and Olympian Milkha Singh who overcame the massacre of his family, civil war during the India-Pakistan partition, and homelessness to become one of India's most iconic athletes. Mumbai. India. In a country often described as Football's last untapped frontier, two children are selected from a possible 1700 hopefuls for a once in a lifetime opportunity. To be taken under the wing of a famous English Football club and be trained like pros. Shot over 2 and  1/2  years, this documentary follows the young hopefuls from the back-streets of Mumbai to London, as they embark on an incredible journey to realise their dreams. Soon the age old questions of whether sport success is nature or nurture,talent or opportunity, are brought to the fore. The life story of basketball sensation, Jeremy Lin. A young boy helps the Browns clan defeat the Lion, Bear, and Bengal clans. The Browns clan was played by the then-members of the Cleveland Browns. A disgruntled teenager, sent to do community service at a rundown Karate school, enters an MMA tournament to face the man who killed his parents. Losing LeBron examines the impact of NBA star LeBron James' decision to leave the city of Cleveland. Told directly through the eyes of the fans he left behind, the film follows why sports are so important to their city. Directed by Spaniard Miguel Alcantud, Diamantes Negros, which makes a connection between the black diamond, and the black athlete, stars 2 Malian boys, Setigui Diallo and Hamidou Samake, and laments what it calls the trafficking of African children to Europe to play football, comparing it to the transatlantic slave trade.  The two young men are convinced by scouts/agents of the riches that await them in Europe, but it doesn't take long for those dreams to become nightmares. Cut off from their families and friends, the challenges they face are even heavier burdens to carry. NBA player Mike "Stinger" Glenn plays himself in this wonderful film inspired by his real life basketball camps for the deaf and hard of hearing. In a unique casting deaf and hard of hearing, and hearing actors work together and deliver a film which is authentic, charming, competitive, and challenging. Documentary that portraits the social issues faced by the community of Chacahua in Oaxaca, through a group of kids who dream of surf. Mordy, a high school senior and science prodigy with no athletic ability whatsoever, puts his bright academic future at risk to follow his dream: to play college basketball. He sets forth on a mission to catch the eye of athletic recruiters by becoming a national celebrity. Venus and Serena takes an honest and unfiltered look into the remarkable lives of sisters and tennis legends Serena and Venus Williams. Through the prism of one year in their lives, the film tells the untold story of how these two great stars came to be and how they struggle to stay on top. Julian (Alex Gonzalez) and his friend Luis (Miguel Angel Silvestre) are two neighborhood boys who are part of a gang of violent neo-Nazis, led by Solis (Javier Bardem). After start training in a gym, Julian is transformed gradually thanks to the discipline of boxing, the nobility of his coach (Carlos Bardem) and the love of a young latin girl (Judith Diakhate). All of this takes away from the group, but Luis is not ready to accept that leave the "herd". In early Republican China, rumors were going around about the treasure in Wudang Mountain. An American conspirator took his well-trained kung fu daughter to Wudang by sponsoring a Taoist martial arts competition, to steal the treasure. Out of expectation, a disciple represented Wudang to compete with other martial arts masters for the championship. During the competition, resentment incurred against different parties, the relationship became complicated, a Korean female Tai Chi descendant fell in love with the American conspirator and the secret of the treasure had been revealed. The treasure is the key of the magnetic field of Wudang, if it's stolen, Wudang would be devastated. To protect Wudang, a group of young heroes rallied around to defeat grant masters. It's the time the long-lost Wudang martial arts returned 'Imagine if the Sex Pistols made boots instead of music', says director Kowalski of a group of Cracow punks who make leather shoes for a living. They run their business as if they were a band of rock stars, living by their own rules, making the product by hand, heads bobbing in unison to their favourite bands. Kowalski's roots in American underground cinema make him the perfect interpreter of the punk aesthetic. ej*kei (skate) is the first documentary about the history of skateboarding in Puerto Rico. It traces skateboarding's history since the early seventies until now, through the testimonies of iconic skaters in the island. ej*kei offers a past, present, and future view of this activity in the island. When Sarah has a chance to go to a first class university and to join its premiere athletic club, her suburban mother is fearful of the change and refuses to help financially. But Sarah's roommate knows that they will get a grant if they marry. Sarah agrees but only to discover that her true heart lies elsewhere. Sarah prefers to run. Beneath Bruce Garrett's under-confident, overweight exterior, the passionate heart of a salsa king lies dormant. Now, one woman is about to reignite his Latin fire. Independent feature film based on the biography of a Brazilian judo with a great victory that went beyond the mats and medals. 'The Marathon' is a feature film which contains humour in combination with impressive drama. The garage of four jass playing, smoking and beer drinking mechanics is threatened to be closed. The 'genius' idea to run the marathon of Rotterdam while being sponsored seems to be the only solution. The condition of the sponsor deal; making it to the finish line. However, training is difficult for the hedonists and it changes relationships, and even their future. Are all the efforts worth the fight when their seems to be more to it then just making it to the finish line...? In 1985 a summer vacation in Ocean City, Md., changes the life of a shy white teen who's obsessed with table tennis and hip-hop music. A dramatic documentary about both the dark and the bright sides of the genius; about the ups and downs of a Bulgarian winner, who is a last-ditcher by nature; about the mission to be a leader, taking the lead in crucial moments; about the real events and the myths; about national self-confidence and national nihilism. The two weeks before the Fourth of July are unofficially called "Cowboy Christmas," as there are 65 rodeos across 25 states and that many chances for the cowboys to win money. "Cowboy Christmas" follows four professional rodeo cowboys (steer wrestlers) as they travel the rodeo circuit looking for fame and fortune. From small towns in bustling cities from Arizona to North Dakota follow the cowboys participating in the 150 year-old tradition of bucking broncs and roping calves. Based on true events, Ring Girls is a fast paced story about five gorgeous young American women from Las Vegas who train under their mentor, Master Toddy. These five fighters take on the ultimate challenge of fighting the best female Muay Thai fighters in the world. The five American beauties give up the glitz and glory of Las Vegas and travel deep into the jungles of Thailand. It's there where they battle the elements and train to use all of their weapons: kicks, knees, elbows and fists. The story climaxes in an epic battle in the ring - a bloody, fierce fight that brings the entire country to its feet. For five warriors from Las Vegas, it's the trip of the lifetime... and the fight of their lives! Four underdog women become America's medal hope at the London Olympics when the men's team is banned during the Lance Armstrong drug scandal. During a pro lockout, Doug "The Thug" Glatt is injured and must choose whether to defend his team against a dangerous new enemy, or be there for his wife as she prepares to give birth to his daughter. The stories of three ordinary Indians, a penniless super fan, a boy superstar and a girl cricketer, for each of whom the sport of cricket is a lifeline. Khwaab is a story about the birth of a dream, of ambition and the fierce passion to achieve that dream amidst unceasing tribulations. This intense personal journey is set in the larger, bureaucratic world of Indian sports. It illustrates why a country with a population of 1.2 billion people cannot produce medal-winning athletes. How sheer, raw talent gets wasted or destroyed by corrupt politicians and power hungry bureaucrats. Khwaab is the story of one such athlete and her struggle to succeed in the cut-throat, debauched and mired world of Indian sports. A young man returns to his rich family's estate after a stay in a mental hospital. He finds that his father has married his deceased wife's nurse, who is secretly plotting with her lover An inspirational story about the power of hope in the face of seemingly insurmountable odds, and an object lesson in what it really means to be a winner in life. Documentary - Who said Grandma can't jump?  Follow a basketball team made up of fiercely competitive grannies as they battle physical limitations, cut-throat competition, and social stigma all for the love of the game and each other. -  Debbie Antonelli, Judy Barton, Elizabeth Byrd Julien, 17, is wheelchair-bound due to cerebral palsy. Despite their love for him, his family is gradually falling apart under the strain of dealing with his disability. In a bid to bond with his father, Julien challenges him to participate with him in the Ironman race in Nice (French Riviera), a triathlon in which his father has previously competed. Warren Miller's Flow State is a place of such singular focus and connection with the environment that, in this place, the faster you ride, the slower time passes.  The Flow State exists anywhere crisp winter air shocks your lungs and sunlight refracts snowflakes, allowing you to emerge from this state improved - happier, more confident and more aware of your surroundings.  So buckle up, because Warren Miller's 63rd film will take you into the zone...the moment...the groove...the center...the Flow State.  Handball is the ultimate city game. Played at the highest level, it can be both beautiful and brutal - one player describes it as 'like boxing, except with a ball.' For more than 50 years, the National One Wall Handball Championship has been played at the Seaside Courts in Coney Island. One Wall follows the most talented athletes you've never heard of as they vie for the coveted title in 2011, from Tyree Bastidas, the young reigning champ, to legend Joe Durso, the player everyone loves to hate. To get his team to play a clean game, a high school baseball coach must put his life at stake. The 1980s snooker rivalry between Alex "Hurricane" Higgins and Steve "The Nugget" Davis, two very different personalities who helped popularise the sport on TV. Each year, the world's best 7 year-old golfers descend on Pinehurst, North Carolina to compete in the World Championships of Junior Golf. The Short Game follows eight of these very young athletes on their quest to become the sport's next phenom. Szabolcs plays in a German football team, as does Bernard. They are roommates, best friends, inseparable. A lost match makes him reconsider his life and he goes back to Hungary in hope for more simplicity. Yet his solitude does not last long. Soon after his arrival he meets Aron and a mutual attraction between the two boys develops when suddenly Szabolcs receives an unexpected phone call from Bernard: he has arrived to Hungary... In an experimental comedy blending wit with intimacy, we follow two characters as they film their way through Paris. Two friends discover the perfect beach at a remote Norwegian shore just above the Arctic Circle and decide to spend the winter here - surfing. Building a hut from driftwood and living on expired food only, the young men turn sustainable living into their own Robinson-adventure, keeping their calm even in the face of personal danger. Brash boxer Cassius Clay burst into the American consciousness in the early 1960s, just ahead of the Civil Rights movement. His transformation into the spiritually enlightened heavyweight champion Muhammad Ali is legendary, but this religious awakening also led to a bitter legal battle with the U.S. government after he refused to serve in the Vietnam War. This film reveals the perfect storm of race, religion and politics that shaped one of the most recognizable figures in sports history. Abducted off the sidewalk of suburban America, fifteen year old Dani finds herself submerged in the horrific underground world of human trafficking. With no initial assistance from the police, Dani's mother and an ex-prostitute take to the streets in an effort to find her before it is too late. The Crash Reel tells the story of a sport and the risks that athletes face in reaching the pinnacle of their profession. This is Kevin Pearce's story, a celebrated snowboarder who sustained a brain injury in a trick gone wrong and who now aims, against all the odds, to get back on the snow. Filmed at the New York Comedy Festival, comedian Patrice O'Neal stars in his first and only full-length stand-up special. Featuring 40 minutes of additional content not seen on television, Patrice brings his trademark absurdism and friendly yet no-holds-barred style to material on race and gender politics, relationships and more. 19-year-old Billy Lynn is brought home for a victory tour after a harrowing Iraq battle. Through flashbacks the film shows what really happened to his squad - contrasting the realities of war with America's perceptions. In America's basketball heartland, four resilient boys from rural Medora, Indiana, fight to end their high school team's three-year losing streak, as their dwindling town faces the threat of extinction. Stranded after a tragic plane crash, two strangers must forge a connection to survive the extreme elements of a remote snow covered mountain. When they realize help is not coming, they embark on a perilous journey across the wilderness. An assassin is shot by her ruthless employer, Bill, and other members of their assassination circle - but she lives to plot her vengeance. Two school kids strike up a friendship with an orphaned puppy named Benji. When danger befalls them and they end up kidnapped by robbers who are in over their heads, Benji and his scruffy sidekick come to the rescue. The Florida Keys in 1840, where the implacable hurricanes of the Caribbean scream, where the salvagers of Key West, like the intrepid and beautiful Loxi Claiborne and her crew, reap, aboard frail schooners, the harvest of the wild wind, facing the shark teeth of the reefs to rescue the sailors and the cargo from the shipwrecks caused by the scavengers of the sea. An exploration of the relationship between Beat Generation writers Jack Kerouac and Neal Cassady, and Cassady's wife, Carolyn. Step Up Revolution Dance Workout Meru is the electrifying story of three elite American climbers--Conrad Anker, Jimmy Chin, and Renan Ozturk--bent on achieving the impossible. A youth accused of the murder of his mother refuses to speak to the police. Is he really the killer? There was no torture this time. There was a special season. The San Francisco Giants clinched their eighth National League West Division title and then faced elimination six times in a thrilling 2012 Postseason run. Six times they rose up in victory, battling to a World Series championship. Together they were Giants. Together they are champions. The story about the magic of baseball for people in a troubled place. The tiny state of Manipur, in strife torn northeast India defies civil war, drugs and gun traffic through love of baseball. It is a far away story that brings us to the heart of the Great American Game. 14-year-old Mie is an elite dancer. When her partner stops dancing, her family decides to search for a new partner abroad. Russian Egor finds out that his mother has set up a try out for him, and if this turns out well, Egor will travel to Denmark. Since May 2011, he has lived with Mie and her parents in Denmark, where everything indicates that they are the perfect match on the dance floor. In Mie's home, however, problems are piling up. The family has suddenly gained a new member, and had it not been for the growing success, Egor would probably have been put on a plane back to his mum by now. A recent gym junkie's new personal trainer starts to take their relationship to dangerous levels. Upon learning of his girlfriend's infidelity, Greg, the star player of his elite private school's rugby team, suffers an emotional breakdown, leaving his friends and teammates to pick up the pieces and deal with the crisis in their own ways, ranging from heroic to apathetic to downright horrifying. Fresh off a stellar collegiate basketball career, aspiring professional player Damon Sharp returns to his hometown of Chicago and quickly discovers a more challenging game off the court. His former life and old bad habits abruptly challenge his new-found faith in God. Damon's dreams of playing pro ball hang in the balance while he faces the circling demons of his past. When Allie (Danielle Evon Ploeger) returns home during her final college summer break, she doesn't anticipate staying long, but that all changes when there's a death in the family and Allie inherits her childhood home.  Her life-long BFF, Kenzie (Kelsey Thomas) helps her deal with her loss, and other family drama, by forcing her to join The Browncoats, the team she captains in the small town's co-ed softball league.  Kenzie's advice for Allie is simple... When life sucks, just grab your glove, and grab a ball. Everything just sort of fades away when you're playing catch. GOLD - YOU CAN DO MORE THAN YOU THINK is the emotional story about three outstanding top Athletes. Henry Wanyoike, a blind Marathon runner from Kenya, Kirsten Bruhn, paralyzed Swimmer from Germany and Kurt Fearnley, Australian Wheelchair racer.  Inspired by a bad fall on a patch of black ice (that ultimately resulted in Brakhage's need for eye surgery), the filmmaker gives us something of a dreamlike descent through the fear and refractions of closed-eye vision regarding such an event. A 60-year-old lumber supply businessman is dismayed to learn his 50-year-old wife is pregnant. A film adaptation of the hit Broadway comedy, with Paul Ford repeating his stage role as the flabbergasted papa-to-be. In the 1990's a million former USSR Jews arrived in Israel. The immigrants were despised by the local population who feared their 'invasion'. While many embraced the Israeli lifestyle, others chose to live in self-made Russian ghettos. These ghettos were a fertile ground for the creation of self-hating Jewish skinheads. 'White Panther' is the story of Alex, a young Russian immigrant who joins a skinheads' gang, led by his older brother. An unexpected meeting with David, a religious Moroccan Jew, gives Alex a chance to pursue his longtime dream of becoming a boxer like his father. Alex finds himself torn between his two father figures - his violent older brother and his new Jewish trainer, only to find out the truth about those he so admires. Without us noticing, modern life has been taken over. Algorithms run everything from search engines on the internet to satnavs and credit card data security - they even help us travel the world, find love and save lives.  Mathematician Professor Marcus du Sautoy demystifies the hidden world of algorithms. By showing us some of the algorithms most essential to our lives, he reveals where these 2,000-year-old problem solvers came from, how they work, what they have achieved and how they are now so advanced they can even programme themselves. A rogue police detective in search of his parents' killer is murdered and reborn the ultimate killer. A breathtaking journey over the spectacular snow-covered peaks of the Alps as we join a small group of extraordinary mountain athletes in their pursuit of happiness and fulfillment. All The Wild Horses documents the Mongol Derby horse race, the longest and toughest horse race in the world, and easily the most epic and dangerous, as it leads through 650 miles of Mongolian steppe, desert and mountain ranges. Stories of families who live in the Zanjan city in the 1980s. Family atmosphere of those years of war and its impact on their lives A family tradition in the 1980s they live in the city. Families who affected by the war between Iran and Iraq. Captain James Sutherland was a hockey pioneer who believed Kingston, Ontario could be the 'Cooperstown' of hockey. What he unleashed was a battle over the origins of the game and where best to honor hockey's greats. Eventually two "Halls of Fame" were established; one in the hockey metropolis of Toronto; the other in Kingston, Ontario. This is the Battle for Hockey's Hall of Fame! Eight Summits follows the oldest American to ever summit Mt. Everest and the 7 Summits, as he heads back to this great mountain to attempt the first ever 'Double Summit'. Climbing first from the South side of Everest (Nepal) then heads to the North side (Tibet) in a record setting climb, at the age of 70! Krishna, a talented basketball player, moves to a new college after a fatal accident on court. There, he clashes with the college team's egomaniacal cricket team captain, Vamsi, who will not have any other game sharing the limelight with his own sport. Curious little penguin Pororo and his friends accidentally cause an airplane to make an emergency landing in their home of Pororo Village. On the airplane are some turtles being shipped to Northpia to deliver ice sleds, or racing ice cars. Nevertheless, Pororo and his friends believe that the turtles are racers, and the turtles end up giving the gang at Pororo Village some lessons and passing on the championship spirit. In the end, Pororo and his friends follow the turtles to Northpia to participate in the race. Upon arriving at icily beautiful Northpia's race, Pororo and his friends wind up unlikely front-runners, ahead of the polar bears, and make it to the finals. However, a more complicated course awaits Pororo and his friends- as does their strongest adversary yet. When a taxi carrying socialite Ruth Darrow drives into the middle of a gun battle between hijacker Kid Gloves and a trio of bootleggers, Ruth is injured. She is taken to a nearby apartment, and The Kid helps to care for her. John Stone, Ruth's fiance and a bootlegger with a respectable front, finds them together and blackmails The Kid into marrying the girl. Though Kevin has evidenced 23 personalities to his trusted psychiatrist, Dr. Fletcher, there remains one still submerged who is set to materialize and dominate all the others. Compelled to abduct three teenage girls led by the willful, observant Casey, Kevin reaches a war for survival among all of those contained within him -- as well as everyone around him -- as the walls between his compartments shatter apart. Manny is summoned by the police and shown photos of himself being watched by a girl he doesn't know. He goes looking for her, they get involved and he disappears. Or so it may seem. An Israeli story about fluid borders and troubled minds. A choreographed motion study for twinkling trinkets, beaming baubles, and glaring glimmers. A bow ballet ablaze (for bedazzled buoyant bijoux brought up to boil). The film director Niko von Glasow undertakes a journey to athletes, who compete at the Paralympic Games in London 2012. He himself is a short-armed avowed hater of sport who cannot understand how anyone could take on such an odeal voluntarily. Even more since everyday life for people with a disability is most often challenging enough.  He meets U.S.archer Matt Stutzman, Norwegian table tennis player Aida Dahlen, German swimmer Christiane Reppe, Greek boccia player Greg Polychronidis and a Sitting Volleyball team. Niko neither spares the athletes nor himself asking questions about life, sport and fears. With an ever growing appreciation for sport Niko attends the Paralympic Games and travels back to the ancient city of Olympia, where everything began and where boccia playing is prohibited. From the makers of All.I.Can comes the new feature film Into the Mind. Blur the lines between dream state and reality, as you perceive the world through the minds of many. Into the Mind contemplates the experiences passed between mentors and peers to paint a philosophical portrait of human kind. What drives us to overcome challenge? How do we justify risk? What forces are at the core of a mountain addiction? Unique athlete segments over a multitude of mountain sport genres depict the connectivity of Earth, and window into never-seen-before moments. Explore how we begin our perception of self, construct the foundations of confidence, and are ultimately led up the path of self-actualization. Hit The Road: India is a travel adventure documentary following two friends participating in a 12-day rickshaw rally across India, from Mumbai to Chennai, recognized by Lonely Planet as one of the top-10 greatest adventures of 2012. This film adaptation of James Baldwin's celebrated novel tells the journey of a family from the rural South to "big city" Harlem seeking both salvation and understanding and of a young boy struggling to earn the approval of a self-righteous and often unloving stepfather. Selanne is a documentary about Teemu Selanne--the best Finnish ice hockey player of all time. It's directed by JP Siili, whose previous films include such hits as Harma and Ganes.  We've followed the heroic tales of Selanne for over two decades. His exploits are famous, but now we get to know Selanne the man. In this documentary Teemu lets the viewer get close and under his skin. The film follows Selanne's journey from childhood to the latest NHL season. We see the life story of an exceptional athlete inside and out, not only through Teemu's words, but through the views of his loved ones and colleagues. Selanne is charismatic, social, irritating, charming, happy and always late. Welcome to the life of Teemu Selanne! An underground, underdog story of the prolific journey that women take to follow their dreams and find their way in a male dominated fight industry. Your backstage pass for when the cameras stop rolling! Monday Night Raw has delivered pulse-pounding excitement to TV viewers for over 20 years. But what happens when the telecast ends? For the first time ever, see what happens after the screen fades to black! Watch WWE's most colorful personalities cut loose for the live audience! From Stone Cold Steve Austin beer bashes, hilarious improv, red-hot matches and heartwarming tributes, it's all here! Stuck in the suburbs of Helsinki, 20-year-old Markus plans on moving to New York, his sights set on pursuing streetball fame. With little money behind him, he turns to the local loan shark - and when he discovers that Markus has no plans to repay him, things take a turn for the worse. Featuring footage from professional surfer Lakey Peterson's early years through her victory at the 2012 U.S Open, this in-depth documentary charts her meteoric rise in the sport and offers a glimpse into her drive to win. Go inside the lives and training regimes of eight of the world's gutsiest professional skateboarders. These fearless stars face unique obstacles on the way to the Street League Championship and the coveted title of best skateboarder in the world. Spitz is the German-Jewish coach of the football team Macedonia during World War II. Under his leadership, the team fights to become the champion of Bulgaria's National Football League Gymnastics - a single common dream : The Olympic Games , Rio De Janeiro, 2016. Tomas is a boy so shy that is not capable of saying a word to nobody. With the arrival of Andy (his invisible friend) he'll start to think how his life would it be if he was able to communicate with the people that is around him. Previously untold story of the unlikely Irish roots of the worldwide surfing phenomenom The coming-of-age journey of 5 teenage boys who leave their small, Canadian town behind and risk skating across Lake Ontario to New York on the coldest day of the year. Your backstage pass for when the cameras stop rolling! Monday Night Raw has delivered pulse-pounding excitement to TV viewers for over 20 years. But what happens when the telecast ends? For the first time ever, see what happens after the screen fades to black! Watch WWE's most colorful personalities cut loose for the live audience! From Stone Cold Steve Austin beer bashes, hilarious improv, red-hot matches and heartwarming tributes, it's all here! Under the sun, the heavenly beauty of grasslands will soon be covered by the raging dust of mines. Facing the ashes and noises caused by heavy mining , the herdsmen have no choice but to leave as the meadow areas dwindle. In the moonlight, iron mines are brightly lit throughout the night. Workers who operate the drilling machines must stay awake. The fight is tortuous, against the machine and against themselves. Meanwhile, coal miners are busy filling trucks with coals. Wearing a coal-dust mask, they become ghostlike creatures. An endless line of trucks will transport all the coals and iron ores to the iron works. There traps another crowd of souls, being baked in hell. In the hospital, time hangs heavy on miners' hands. After decades of breathing coal dust, death is just around the corner. They are living the reality of purgatory, but there will be no paradise. A British diplomat is arrested on charges of working with Russian mafia. After death threats to his wife, they are taken into protective custody. Then the MI6 shows up with a new piece of the puzzle. In 1954, before his senior year of high school, Wilt Chamberlain took a summer job that would change his life, working as a bellhop at Kutsher's Country Club, a Jewish resort in the Catskill Mountains. An unexplored and pivotal chapter in the life of one of basketball's greatest players, and a fascinating glimpse of a time when a very different era of basketball met the Borscht Belt in its heyday. Major James Prentis VC (Sir Alan Bates) is a British spy of World War II and war hero who goes under the code name of "Shuttlecock". Alienated from his family and children, he ends up in a mental institution in Lisbon, Portugal. An epic, untold story that brings to life the inspiring saga of the World Cup and the three determined men who created it. Driven by their vision and passion, three men, overcame their doubts and fought obstacles and scandals to make the World Cup a reality. Spanning the tumultuous 20th Century, this timeless saga celebrates the event that became the most popular sporting event in the world.  Uncharted Waters is a feature-length documentary about Australian surfing legend, Wayne Lynch. It traces his upbringing in the seaside town of Lorne on Victoria's South-Western coast and his turbulent experiences as a 'conscientious objector' on the run from conscription and the Vietnam war. Ultimately it is about an extremely gifted individual with an intense connection to the Southern Ocean, whose approach to surfing has been a spiritual journey, often putting him at odds with the surfing sub-culture and society in general. Inspiring documentary proving it's NEVER too late for radical change. Think "Super-Size Me" meets Martial Arts. David is having a mid-life crisis. His weight is up, his energy is down. At 46 he takes up karate. His mission: become a Black Belt by age 50. Frank is a police officer who loses his family in a tragedy. In desperation he turns to crime and makes a living as a hitman for the mob. Based on a true story, "Faithball" is a funny, inspiring and heartwarming tale surrounding a group of misfit kids who - along with their well-meaning but flawed baseball coach - start out trying to save their baseball team, but in the end overcome insurmountable obstacles and achieve enormous success for themselves and their community. Two men meet in the ring for a fight that will change their lives. Adaptation of one of Benelux most famous children's novels. Tough prime school girl Akkie loves soccer and can be a real bully. Love is the only thing she's scared of. When Akkie is diagnosed with Leukemia, she has to fight for her life. On the verge of going to high school, Akkie has to allow love to enter her life, and thus gain courage to accept the inevitable. Sweeping away stigma - tackling mental health issues through film. Bess Lavigne is a gifted curler who doesn't curl competitively, because of an anxiety disorder she's been afflicted with since childhood, and, who ultimately finds redemption while coaching four down-and-out women struggling with their own issues. Kunchithapatham's unique name becomes the butt of joke and ridicule for others. He relates his failures to his name and wants to change it. He meets an astrologer who is popular in giving fancy names that could bring luck to people. His named his changed to Harish and soon after his luck changes. Sarah Paulson stars as a pregnant teenager who searches for her biological mother, with the help of a guardian angel. From Brazilian favelas to dusty Congolese villages, from a neolithic Scottish island and Mayan royal courts to modern English soccer pitches, "Bounce" explores the little-known origins of our favorite sports across the centuries, and traces how a simple invention like the ball has come to stake an unrivaled claim on our passions, our gaming consoles, our money, and our lives. Equal parts science, history and visual essay, "Bounce" removes us from the scandals and commercialism of today's sports world to uncover the true reasons we play ball, helping us reclaim our universal connection to the ball games we love. A group of old friends, Sarah, Jake, Dave and Martin, decide to relive their college days by going on a hiking weekend, camping out overnight. At the same time, Mike, a police detective, is investigating a criminal gang who are in some macabre way linked to the group of friends. How are these parallel stories connected? And what terrible discovery will Sarah make? Nothing is quite as it appears. The documentary portrays the life and history of Mexican wrestlers who for various reasons have decided to participate in this contact sport characterizing exotic characters. The exotic refers to the strange, the mysterious, the weird, the unusual. Particularly in wrestling exotic style refers to refined athletes in their clothing, well groomed, with a very special walk, occasionally thin effeminate. Not rude, not technical, but not rare height or size, these mannered gladiators have represented a third option within the Mexican rings, some shamelessly displaying their sexual preference and thereby defying the homophobic, or secretly homophily, mood of the wrestling fans. When teenager Elle's first kiss leads to a forbidden romance with the hottest boy in high school, she risks her relationship with her best friend. There is just one week until Kate Mercer's 45th wedding anniversary and the planning for the party is going well. But then a letter arrives for her husband. The body of his first love has been discovered, frozen and preserved in the icy glaciers of the Swiss Alps. By the time the party is upon them, five days later, there may not be a marriage left to celebrate. Documentary from Alan Swyer Two very different restless youths join a swimming competition for love and friendship which is, in fact, a rite of passage to growing up. The Berestovs, Elena and Sergei, are defeated in the European Figure Skating Championship and must change the program. Elena is unable to withstand the grueling new training. Sergei tries to find a new throwing partner, but realizes his mistake and must return to Elena. In this thrilling doc, two world champion women boxers and former friends must face each other in the ring for a chance to win gold at the 2012 Olympics. Follow the number 1 ranked youth soccer team in America as they play professional youth soccer teams in the UK before returning for their final tournament together for the National State Cup Champions. An overenthusiastic high-school maintenance man attempts to lead an unlikely group of misfits to the Nebraska state tennis championship in Balls Out: The Gary Houseman Story? director Danny Leiner's underdog sports comedy. American Pie star Seann William Scott stars as the ambitious janitor who believes he has what it takes to coach the winning team. Several accidents on the motorway Cikopo-Palimanan aka Cipali attract public attention. Many believe that the construction of the road has mystical story. There is a mysterious stone piled on the side of the motorway. The mystery is revealed by this film. Greater - The story of Brandon Burlsworth, possibly the greatest walk-on in the history of college football. Handsome, unflappable U.S. Congressman Stephen Collins is the future of his political party: an honorable appointee who serves as the chairman of a committee overseeing defense spending. All eyes are upon the rising star to be his party's contender for the upcoming presidential race. Until his research assistant/mistress is brutally murdered and buried secrets come tumbling out. Nakula experienced an event that changed and haunted his life. He then established a relationship with Aluna, a new student at his school. His relationship with Aluna also made him realize so he could make peace with his past. When the Angel's Soccer team's top player is injured, the Coach decides to play water girl McKenzie Adams. Things don't go precisely according to plan... In 1998 Marco Pantani, the most flamboyant and popular cyclist of his era, won both the Tour de France and Giro d'Italia, a titanic feat of physical and mental endurance that no rider has repeated since. He was a hero to millions, the saviour of cycling following the doping scandals which threatened to destroy the sport. However, less than six years later, aged just 34, he died alone, in a cheap hotel room, from acute cocaine poisoning. He had been an addict for five years. This is the story of the tragic battles fought by the most important Italian cyclist of his generation; man verses mountain, athlete verses addiction, Marco Pantani verses himself. An American draft dodger and aspiring writer named Nero Finnigan (Jeff Bridges) becomes involved with the notorious Mr. Go (James Mason), an oriental organized crime mastermind. They conspire to blackmail an American weapons scientist into providing secrets to Mr. Go's organization for resale to the highest bidder. "The Dolphin" then arrives, who is an American CIA agent and James Joyce scholar, and is charged with recovering the scientist and his work by whatever means necessary.[1] After the death of a friend, a writer recounts a boyhood journey to find the body of a missing boy. Swimming superstar Missy Franklin was destined for greatness at an early age, but it wasn't until the arrival of Veteran Kara Lynn Joyce that those sky-high expectations began to take shape. '9-Man' is an independent feature documentary about an isolated and exceptionally athletic Chinese-American sport that's much more than a pastime. Since the 1930s, young men have played this gritty streetball game competitively in the alleys and parking lots of Chinatown. At a time when anti-Chinese sentiment and laws like the Chinese Exclusion Act forced Chinese restaurant workers and laundrymen to socialize exclusively amongst themselves, nine-man offered both escape and fraternity for men who were separated from their families in China and facing extreme discrimination and distrust. Pivoting between oil-spotted Chinatown parking lots and jellyfish-filled banquet scenes, the film captures the spirit of nine-man as players not only battle for a championship but fight to preserve a sport that holds so much history. An average baseball film in the making comes out of seemingly nowhere to become one of the best sports films made of all time. A true testament to the real beauty of Hollywood filmmaking, the way it used to be.  In the aftermath of the BP oil spill, an idealistic but imperfect New Orleans politician (Nicolas Cage) finds his plans of restoration unraveling as his own life becomes contaminated with corruption, scandal and deceit. After a failed assassination attempt, a soldier finds himself stranded in the desert. Exposed to the elements, he must survive the dangers of the desert and battle the psychological and physical toll of the treacherous conditions. Documentary following Serbian football coach Zoran Dordevic as he helps form South Sudan's first national football team. The loyalty of a tight group of friends is put to the test when there's a date rape within the circle. Believe it, Baltimore, your Ravens are once again Super Bowl Champions! With their thrilling 34-31 victory over the San Francisco 49ers, the Ravens put an exclamation point at the end of Ray Lewiss Hall of Fame career, and rode the talents of Lewis, Quarterback Joe Flacco, Tailback Ray Rice and a host of others to the second world championship in franchise history. After capturing the AFC North title for the third straight year, the Ravens topped the Colts and stunned the Broncos and Patriots on their home turf before knocking off the Niners, coached by Head Coach John Harbaughs brother, Jim, in Super Bowl XLVII. NFL Films takes you down to the sidelines, on the field and into the locker room of the world champion Ravens with exclusive access, award-winning cinematography, and pulse-pounding music. Its all here, every thrilling moment that brought the Lombardi trophy back to Baltimore! A Movement of Movement is a documentary film about the philosophy, lifestyle, movement, and world of Pilates.  Told through the eyes of elders, world renowned Pilates instructors, and everyday people who have been transformed by the Movement. Schooled: The Price of College Sports is a comprehensive look at the business, history and culture of big-time college football and basketball in America. It is an adaptation of "The Cartel" by Pulitzer Prize Winning civil rights scholar Taylor Branch, and his October 2011 article in The Atlantic, "The Shame of College Sports." Schooled presents a hard-hitting examination of the NCAA's treatment of its athletes and amateurism in collegiate athletics; weaving interviews, archival and verite footage to tell a story of how college sports became a billion dollar industry built on the backs of athletes who are deprived of numerous rights. Jimmy Price is a reckless man-child on the last leg of his career as a doubles tennis player. When his latest partner drops him, he realizes he's officially burned all of his bridges on the pro circuit. He decides to make one last ditch effort to revive his career, reaching outside of the tennis world and convincing his childhood partner -- his estranged brother Darren, now an apathetic substitute teacher - to team up with him. The mismatched pair, with the help of a unique 11-year-old named Barry, make an unlikely run at a grand slam tournament and are forced to re-discover their game, and their brotherhood. Alex, blind since the age of two, dreams of running for his school's cross-country team. His father, a probation officer, finds a running partner who spends his time 'running' from the law. Set 10 years after "Kids Return." Shinji and Masaru have graduated from high school with different paths in their lives. Shinji attempted to become boxer and Masaru a yakuza. They both tried to rise to the top of their respective fields. Four men decided to enter in the oldest Fight Club of the History, The Florentine Football tournament. A father and son, a black guy, an old champion and outsider clerk will enter in an arena of the time to win their fears, to go over their limits, to be heroes for a day. With baseball being the last thing on these player's minds, and dealing with one of the longest losing streaks in college history, the team of misfits comes to the realization that the school, led by the corrupt and unethical President of the University, has plans to disband the entire program. Hilarity ensues as they have one afternoon to execute a plan to fill the stadium, sign the top recruit on the planet, and help send their coach out with a bang. Between personal obligations and training for his next big fight against an opponent with ties to his family's past, Adonis Creed is up against the challenge of his life. Alex Ramirez is destined to become the greatest baseball player ever - and he'll do anything to get make it. But the road to success proves troublesome and hilariously unpredictable. Exploring the further adventures of Carmen and Juni Cortez, who have now joined the family spy business as Level 2 OSS agents. Their new mission is to save the world from a mad scientist living on a volcanic island populated by an imaginative menagerie of creatures. On this bizarre island, none of the Cortez's gadgets work and they must rely on their wits--and each other--to survive and save the day. An Irish sports journalist becomes convinced that Lance Armstrong's performances during the Tour de France victories are fueled by banned substances. With this conviction, he starts hunting for evidence that will expose Armstrong. "New York figures heavily into East Coast surfing history. The very first East Coast Surfing Championships were held in Gilgo Beach in 1961. The only Rightside stop of the ASP World Championship Tour's modern incarnation came in Long beach in 2011. New York City is the de facto epicenter of today's urban surfing craze. And no place embodies the competing interests of upper-class surf tourism and hardcore blue-collar localism like Montauk. Similarly, no surf film captures that Empire State spirit better than A Hundred Miles to The End, native son John Beattie's 51-minute ode to Long Island and all of her waterborne beauty. After being diagnosed with a medical condition that kept him landlocked for two years, Beattie vowed to make the ultimate love letter to his home state when he could return to the water. Late one night, a mysterious car is brought into the Chicago police impound garage after a deadly traffic accident. The on-call mechanics soon discover the car has a mind of its own. With hundreds of horsepower and two tons of reinforced steel at its command, it's a seemingly unstoppable killing machine capable of outrunning -- and outwitting -- humans. A slice-of-life look at minor league baseball players, particularly Ricardo Perez. Dogged by scandal, alcohol issues, rehab &amp; suicidal thoughts Ricky Hatton, one day decides enough is enough. Its time to step back into the ring. This is about personal redemption. The film follows Ricky Hatton in the weeks running up to his final fight against Senchenko, including fight night itself ,where ringside cameras capture every moment prior to, during and after the fight, including inside the locker rooms and corridors. From acclaimed directors Paul Diffley and Chris Alstrin comes a wild journey through the strange sub-culture of offwidth crack climbing.  Join two brave British lads, Pete Whittaker and Tom Randall, as they take on the decidedly American sport of climbing bloody, painful and often dangerous cracks that require wedging body parts into places they weren't meant to be.  Randall and Whittaker's ultimate goal is to make the first ascent of a renowned offwidth test-piece known as Century Crack, which looms above the forgotten lands deep in the Utah desert.  If they can achieve this unlikely climb from under the noses of the competitive Americans, it will be a coup for these young up-starts, but the odds are stacked against them. The first feature-length documentary about Moe Berg, the enigmatic and brilliant baseball player who turned spy for the U.S. Office of Strategic Services (OSS) during World War II. A group of cyclists challenge each other to ride bicycles to work during the cold, dark, and snowy Colorado winter. Beth, a bookish teenager, befriends Emilia, an aspiring novelist who has just arrived in town. Emilia soon begins an affair with Beth's father that threatens to have devastating consequences.  A ticket can get you anywhere in the world, from the chairlift at your local ski area to the top of Talgar Peak in Kazakhstan. It can put your heart in your throat as you fly over a knoll faster than you have all year, and it can put your mind at ease when you find yourself alone in a snow-covered Aspen grove with clear blue sky above and crisp cold air all around. A ticket is the end of reality and the beginning of a journey. And we've got one for you.  Despite being blocked at almost every turn in pursuit of the sport he loved, Seve Ballesteros fought against adversity to become the most spectacular and charismatic golfer to ever play the game. A young amateur fighter makes an enemy with a hardened thug when he gets in-between his next-door neighbor and her abusive ex- boyfriend. As his personal life becomes threatened, he realizes he must finish the fight that he started, but this time they'll settle it in the ring for the championship. Welcome to the Alabama independent wrestling circuit! It's the middle of the summer -temperature 110 degrees. At the high school gym, to the sounds of hoots and screams from a very vocal and emotional audience, aging wrestling legends such as the Iron Sheik and Bullet Bob Armstrong battle with and against local professional competition. Behind the scenes you will meet these people and get the inside story on what and who make up this often unseen side of professional wrestling. A drunk uncle attempts to score with his flirtatious step-niece on Christmas Eve. The film shadows Justin Peck, wunderkind choreographer of the New York City Ballet, as he undertakes the Herculean task of creating the company's 422nd original piece. Following the creative process from its embryonic stages to its highly anticipated premiere, BALLET 422 is a powerful celebration of the skill and endurance of New York's most talented dancers--as well as those who remain hidden in the wings. Jorge, Omar, Lalo and Moy love soccer, but being blind have kept them away from this sport until they meet and decide to make their own team and compete to be a part of the national team and play in the Rio 2016 Olympic Games. Air Sex: The Movie is a documentary about the American social phenomenon known as The Air Sex Championships. Think Air Guitar, but instead of pretending to play a musical instrument, participants pretend to have sexual encounters with an imaginary partner (or partners). Entering its sixth year as a nationally touring roadshow, and billed as the world's first "spart," Air Sex combines the pageantry and prestige of sports with the creative arts of storytelling, pantomiming, and improvisation.  Directed by Jonathan Evans (Sunken City), the film follows Air Sex tour producer/host, New Orleans comedian Chris Trew (America's Got Talent, Comedy Central), as he attempts to convince crowds of excited, confused, and inebriated audience members to sign up and become part of the bizarre spectacle. Joe Mazzello, best known for his acting roles in Jurassic Park, HBO's The Pacific, The Social Network, etc, wrote and made his directorial debut with this story based on his brother's experience as a collegiate baseball star who was skipped over in the Major League Baseball draft. Story centers around an intramural baseball game with his misfit teammates that becomes incredibly important to him as he tries to come to grips with his dashed dream. Haridas is a 2013 Tamil film starring Kishore and Sneha in the lead. It is directed by G.N.R.Kumaravelan of Ninaithale Inikkum and Yuvan Yuvathi fame. Musical score is by Vijay Antony. It was released to extremely positive reviews. When childhood friends Al, Dennis and Eliot get together for Ray's wedding, which may or may not happen, they end up on a roller-coaster ride through reality. During one tumultuous, crazy weekend, they face adulthood and each other with new found maturity and discover what Queens Logic is all about. This comedy takes a look at friendship, loyalty, and love. Reeling from his mother's death and his father's abandonment, Zach, an All-State athlete, finds glory on the football field, working to earn a college scholarship and the brothers' ticket out of town. When a devastating injury puts Zach--and his dreams--on the sidelines, David laces up his track cleats to salvage their future and point Zach toward hope. Faramarz, the son of the Servant Divan family, marries a girl from the village of Mary, who owns a child and gives her name Leila. The server of the Divan, which opposed this marriage, thwarted Faramarz. Faramarz falls to the valley at the time of driving and dies. The server of the Divan, with the help of the uncle, kidnaps Hassan Leila as his only son, and pretends to burn Leila in the burning fire of the Mary's hut. The story of Wings of Steel is part legend and part myth. The first ascent team spent 39 days climbing the controversial route. The result - death threats, physical assaults and a slander campaign that polarized the climbing community for over 30 years. a short film based around the idea of acceptance through a fictional story about the Sargon of Akkad. In 1980s Los Angeles, a professional dwarf basketball team composed of recognizable-but-typecast actors finds itself the unwitting vanguard of a revolution to represent little people as something other than objects of curiosity. The latest groundbreaking films from Big Up Productions and Sender Films. Featuring Yuji Harayama, Daniel Woods, Hazel Findlay, Emily Harrington, Ueli Steck, Simone Moro, Melissa Arnot, Adam Ondra, and Chris Sharma. Action, humor, controversy, and inspiration in some of the most breathtaking places on Earth, including the mysterious spires of Borneo, the towering faces of Morocco, and the thin air of Mt. Everest. Every January, the country's largest jigsaw puzzle contest is held in St. Paul, Minnesota. Wicker Kittens invites you to choose your favorite team and watch them try to put the pieces back together. Set in Belfast against the backdrop of the 1986 World Cup, Shooting for Socrates tells the story of a momentous time in Northern Ireland's football history through the eyes of players, fans and the media. The film also follows the lives of passionate football supporter Arthur and his son Tommy from East Belfast. The lead up to a momentous day in the life of a young boy (his 10th birthday) mirrors the build up to the big day for the Northern Ireland football team as they play the greatest match of their lives. Documentary about a single mother who is an amateur cage fighter. When her meteoric rise shocks the mixed martial arts world, she decides to risk it all for her shot at the big time.  HALF THE ROAD is a documentary film that explores the world of women's professional cycling, focusing on both the love of sport and the pressing issues of inequity that modern-day female riders face in a male-dominated sport. With footage from some of the world's best races to interviews with Olympians, world champs, rookies, coaches, managers, officials, doctors and even the U.S. Surgeon General, HALF THE ROAD offers a unique insight into the drive, dedication and passion it takes for a female cyclist to thrive despite oppression. Both on and off the bike, the voices and advocates of women's pro cycling take the audience on a journey of enlightenment, depth, strength, love, humor and best of all, change and growth. As a killer stalks the streets, a troubled young courier suspects that a doctor may be the long-lost sister he hasn't seen since childhood. MY ITALIAN SECRET tells a heroic story that was all but lost to history, until now. The film recounts how WWII bicycling idol Gino Bartali, physician Giovanni Borromeo and other Italians worked with Jewish leaders and high-ranking officials of the Catholic Church, risking their lives by defying the Nazis to save thousands of Italy's Jews. Never Not Part 2 takes a deeper look at snowboarding, going beyond the action, the tricks, &amp; the travel to expose the people behind the progression. By elevating the voices and viewpoints of the worldaEUR(tm)s best riders, this film taps into the snowboarding spirit, exposing audiences to the sportaEUR(tm)s unique culture and characters. Getting up close and personal with the riders, we learn what it takes and what it means to realize your potential and live the snowboard dream. Exploring the creativity and ambition that drives these riders, snowboarding expands. It becomes a metaphor for freedom and an inspiration to pursue your passions whatever they may be. They're not human. But they hunt human women. Not for killing. For mating. Feature-length documentary about the greatest diver of all time. Four-time Olympic champion Greg Louganis has faced more than his share of challenges. In 2011, he is far from the public eye and struggling to pay his mortgage. Now, the openly gay, HIV+ world-class athlete returns to diving to mentor the USA Olympic hopefuls. This may be his best chance to regain the notoriety -- and financial stability -- he enjoyed at the height of his career. Stephanie Gilmore won her first world championship at age 17 on a day off from high school. Over the next four years she led the sport of surf, claiming consecutive world titles as the undisputed champ, until a violent turn of events abruptly ended her winning streak. Stephanie in the Water is an intimate documentary that chronicles Gilmore's return to the top and the costs that come along with being a five time world champion. Judd Reid's journey to the 100 man fight. An inspirational story of courage and commitment. An alcoholic London ex-cop becomes involved into a kidnapping drama and tries to free the daughter of a friend from a brutal gangster mob. The otherwise promising young man Asaji (Heihachiro Okawa) and his younger brother Yuji (Hideo Saeki) face blighted lives because of society's disapproval of their illegitmacy and declasse family. A young man obsessed with body image is thrust into a world of drugs, crime, and deception. A cinematic portrait of a small town stock car track and the tribe of drivers that call it home as they struggle to hold onto an American racing tradition. The avant-garde narrative explores the community and its conflicts through an intimate story that reveals the beauty, mystery and emotion of grassroots auto racing.  Follows several of Cuba's top drag racers as they struggle to prepare their classic American cars for the first official car race since the Cuban Revolution. It tells a personal, character-driven story that tackles how Cuba's recent reforms have affected the lives of these racers and their vibrant community. Transforming Harry Potter's fictional competition into a physically demanding, real-life sport, quidditch has secured its place as one of the fastest growing collegiate club sports today. MUDBLOODS follows the resilient underdogs of the UCLA Quidditch team as they make their way to the Fifth Annual Quidditch World Cup in New York City. Through nail biting victories and losses, the dreamers, creators and athletes who make up this exceptional community come together to make this magical sport into something you could've never imagined, until now. Dougie Waters loves nothing more than a weekend barbie and cricket match with his mates. But his paradise on earth is destroyed when his best mate and neighbour Norm is forced to leave town and their new boss, a pompous English administrator called Edward Lords, moves in. The animosity between the two men peaks during one fateful backyard cricket match when Dougie hits a ball that accidentally stuns Edward's prize winning cat, Dexter. The cat falls into the roaring BBQ and is instantly incinerated, leaving only ashes. Dougie's son captures footage of the unfortunate event on camera and it is uploaded onto YouTube where the video instantly goes viral! The idea of a backyard cricketing challenge is hatched, with the winner keeping the ashes of Edward's deceased cat, Dexter. The two teams battle it out in the greatest game of backyard cricket ever for the Backyard Ashes. LT: The Life & Times, a feature-length documentary film chronicling the spectacular on-field Hall of Fame NFL career of Lawrence Taylor, as well as his tumultuous off-field life. The documentary will be the first-ever in-depth look focusing on Taylor's life with never-before-heard stories from Taylor, his family and friends, his former teammates and coaches on his playing days with the New York Giants, as well as his infamous off-field challenges, including his trials, and the troubling times that have plagued him throughout his life. From the ashes of our uncertain times rises the 21st movie in the legendary TB series: 2112. In this all-HD epic, Standard Films showcases snowboarding's future with new riders, new spots, and next gen thinking. This full spectrum action film will force you to readjust your parameters for speed and spin as it carries you from the immense mountains of Alaska to the frozen streets of Scandinavia. Turn up the volume. Get fired up. And shred your future away... A rampant, street level story of mentorship and everyday heroism in tough circumstances. An inner city coach's son, estranged in his youth from his father, spends five years on ball fields in inner city Oakland and Havana, following the lives of two extraordinary youth baseball coaches, Roscoe in Oakland and Nicolas in Havana. The coaches meet on videotape and two years of red tape later, Coach Roscoe and nine Oakland players travel to Havana to play Coach Nicolas' team. For one week, the players and coaches eat, dance, swim, argue and play baseball together. But when the parent of an Oakland player is murdered back home, it brings back the inescapable reality and challenges of life in an American inner city. Three young men commit themselves to one of the best summers of their lives...marching in a World Class drum and bugle corps. The bond of brotherhood this organization provides, helps them through both their struggles and their triumphs. Strong-man Eugene Sandow flexes his muscles and strikes a few poses in front of a black background. This was a short film shot by William K.L. Dickson and produced in Thomas Edison's Black Maria studio. "Three minutes" is a film in the fantasy genre. It is the love story between Alex, a journalist who, forced to speak very quickly in his newscast, must take this substance that accelerates his nervous system and Ana, a young piano student who in order to become a concert pianist, needs to gain speed in her piano playing. They both end up over accelerating and finding each other in a parallel world where everything around them seems to have stopped moving. In this motionless world, they will live their great romance. The film Supervention addresses all aspects of modern free-skiing. The company behind the film has previously won numerous awards within the genre and we meet amazing riders usually not on film, Aksel Lund Svindal and Terje Haakonsen. Pete Hothead decides to buy a new car to replace his old beat-up jalopy. Meanwhile, his wife has won a new car on a television quiz show that is the same make and model as the car Pete purchases from a car-dealer. Pete arrives home and sees the car his wife won and mistakes it for the one he ordered from the dealer, but it is a different color. He drives it back to the showroom for a replacement, and that begins the first of many problems he is to encounter. 'The Class of 92' details the rise to prominence and global sporting superstardom of six supremely talented young Manchester United football players (David Beckham, Nicky Butt, Ryan Giggs, Paul Scholes, Phil and Gary Neville). The film covers the period 1992-1999, culminating in Manchester United's European Cup triumph. At the heart of the film is the tale of how six 14 year-old working class boys from diverse backgrounds came together to play for the same club, became the spine of the most lauded team in world football, and who throughout their period of unparalleled success remained best friends. A dramatic thriller based on the incredible true David vs. Goliath story of American immigrant Dr. Bennet Omalu, the brilliant forensic neuropathologist who made the first discovery of CTE, a football-related brain trauma, in a pro player and fought for the truth to be known. Omalu's emotional quest puts him at dangerous odds with one of the most powerful institutions in the world. LIGHT FLY, FLY HIGH follows Thulasi, a young Indian girl born outside caste, and whose life is in many ways pre-determined. She is expected to marry and accept her place at the very bottom of the social ladder. But Thulasi dreams of a different life. She wants to be free, and enters the boxing ring to fight for independence. Through a sports program, young athletes in India can be recruited into government jobs. Thulasi has talent, but she is held back because of her background. She depends on the head of the boxing club to help her, but he expects things in return. Thulasi has no money and she refuses to be exploited. "17 Seconds" provides an all-access pass inside the Blackhawks locker room party in Boston and the airplane ride home with the Cup following Game 6, in addition to insight from the players on the Stanley Cup-winning team and members of the organization. Fans can ride along on the players' buses during the championship parade and follow the Blackhawks as they spend their Cup days with family and friends, sharing the greatest trophy in sports with their communities. It also includes footage from the opening night banner raising ceremony. The story of how a small boxing gym in rural South Carolina has impacted the national boxing scene. The documentary follows two high school seniors as they attempt to win the State Wrestling Championship in their final season and join the elite list of Iowa's four-time wrestling champions. A young boxer is taken under the wing of a mob boss after his mother dies and his father is run out of town for being an abusive alcoholic.  A mini movie about chic ladies.    The world knows Paul Newman as an Academy Award winning actor with a fifty-plus year career as one of the most prolific and revered actors in American Cinema. He was also well known for his philanthropy; Newman's Own has given more than four hundred and thirty million dollars to charities around the world. Yet few know the gasoline-fueled passion that became so important in this complex, multifaceted man's makeup. Newman's deep-seated passion for racing was so intense it nearly sidelined his acting career. His racing career spanned thirty-five years; Newman won four national championships as a driver and eight championships as an owner. Not bad for a guy who didn't even start racing until he was forty-seven years old. Former golf pro directed to serve community service by teaching teenagers to play golf. A kind of "Bad News Bears" meets golf. A washed up, alcoholic ex-prizefighter makes a comeback to boxing after his top heavyweight contender son is wrongfully blinded in the ring. Dock Ellis pitched a no-hitter on LSD, then worked for decades counseling drug abusers. Dock's soulful style defined 1970s baseball as he kept hitters honest and embarrassed the establishment. An ensemble cast of teammates, friends, and family investigate his life on the field, in the media, and out of the spotlight. Previously only available in the "Billy Joel: My Lives" box set, this DVD features one of Billy's best concerts: Billy Joel live in Frankfurt, Germany in 1994 on the "River of Dreams" tour. When 24-year-old athlete Sam Fox launches a highly publicized campaign to break the speed record on the Pacific Crest Trail and raise $250,000 for Parkinson's disease, he quickly learns what it means to struggle in the spotlight. Cinema sports documentary following the British Superbike Championships in 2011. The Winner was Brit Tommy Hill. Zhao Yumin is a Taek-won-do coach , whose had hard times since his best student Han was killed during an underground championship . Zhao almost gave up when Ling appears at his door , insisting that Zhao must train her for the championships, and became the first woman fighter to lead a man's division. Abstract short in Jacob's current 3D style. Over forty years ago man first set foot on a body other than Earth, a milestone event in human history shared by millions back home on television.  From the first grainy black and white TV pictures of Apollo 7 to the glorious color finale of Apollo 17, this is the incredible tale of mankind's greatest adventure and how it was shared with the world. In the conservative city of Jerusalem, Ami Shoshan, an Israeli football player, is forced by a mafia boss to pose as a homosexual, a punishment for flirting with the criminal's girlfriend. Shoshan is banned by players and fans of his team, but becomes a hero of the gay community. 84 olympic silver medalist Hollywood veteran Bing Russell creates the only independent baseball team in the country--alarming the baseball establishment and sparking the meteoric rise of the 1970s Portland Mavericks. Life for the residents of a tower block begins to run out of control. Ballet Boys takes you through disappointments, victories, forging of friendship, first loves, doubt, faith, growing apart from each other, finding your own way and own ambitions, all mixed with the beautiful expression of ballet. Lance is a 3-time Ohio state wrestling champion who wrestles 600-lb. bears for practice. Matt comes from a broken home and starves himself out of determination to become his school's first champion in 50 years. Pinned is the wild, true story of what these wrestlers will endure to become champions. Peter Parker is an outcast high schooler abandoned by his parents as a boy, leaving him to be raised by his Uncle Ben and Aunt May. Like most teenagers, Peter is trying to figure out who he is and how he got to be the person he is today. As Peter discovers a mysterious briefcase that belonged to his father, he begins a quest to understand his parents' disappearance - leading him directly to Oscorp and the lab of Dr. Curt Connors, his father's former partner. As Spider-Man is set on a collision course with Connors' alter ego, The Lizard, Peter will make life-altering choices to use his powers and shape his destiny to become a hero. An "unknown force" declares war against planet Earth when the United Nations disobeys warnings to cease and desist in its attempts at assembling the first satellite in the atmosphere. The film depicts the first flaming signs of love in human life. The characters are all ten years old and attend the same hockey and figure skating club in a small village set among the Italian Alps. The theft of a medal will trigger an adventurous escape to Moscow, where our six main characters will learn the first skirmishes of love and find new fiances.  This short follows the political career of Theodore Roosevelt, beginning in 1895, when he was appointed police commissioner of New York City. In 1897 he was appointed Assistant Secretary of the Navy. His charge up San Juan Hill during the Spanish-American War in 1898 is re-created. He becomes vice president in March 1901 and assumes the presidency when William McKinley is assassinated six months later. According to the narrator, Roosevelt refused to be beholden to political bosses, doing what he believed to be right for the American people. From the outside, Alexa has the perfect life. Her son is the high school football star, daughter a straight A student and her husband is CFO of a booming start-up company. The sudden death ... On the outs in Hollywood due to the blacklist, director Edward Dmytryk briefly operated in England in the late 1940s. Though filmed in its entirety in London, Dmytryk's Give Us This Day is set in New York during the depression. Fellow blacklistee Sam Wanamaker is starred as the head of an Italian immigrant family struggling to survive the economic crisis. Four elite para-rowers from across the US train and compete for a spot on the US National Rowing Team. Terminal Island, New York: 2020. Overcrowding in the US penal system has reached a breaking point. Prisons have been turned over to a monolithic Weyland Corporation, which sees jails full of thugs as an opportunity for televised sport. Adrenalized inmates, a global audience hungry for violence and a spectacular, enclosed arena come together to form the 'Death Race', the biggest, most brutal event. A deceptively simple set-up: the director and his father watch a 1988 football match which the father refereed, their commentary accompanying the original television images in real time. A Bucharest derby between the country's leading teams, Dinamo and Steaua, taking place in heavy snow, one year before the revolution that toppled Ceausescu. Hawaa Hawaai is a 2014 Bollywood film directed by Amole Gupte. The film features Partho Gupte and Saqib Saleem. The film is produced by Fox Star Studios. The film is a commercial entertainer, and a tribute to people who dare to dream. Saqib Saleem is playing role of a skating coach in the film. The film is likely to be released on 9 May 2014. It is rumored that Sridevi might do a cameo in the movie, though Sridevi has not confirmed the news yet. The director Amol Gupte is going to compose and sing one song for the movie. Rest of the songs are going to be composed by Hitesh Sonik. In 1951, the undefeated University of San Francisco football team declines an invitation to play in the Orange Bowl after being told they would only be invited if they played without their two African-American stars: Ollie Matson and Burl Toler. Documentary - Set against the rich hues of India, Beyond The Surface follows Ishita Malaviya, India's first female surfer, and fellow wave riders Crystal Thornburg-Homcy, Liz Clark, Lauren Hill, Emi Koch, and Kate Baldwin. While on their journey through southern India, the women surfers and the people they meet share experiences and stories related to surfing, yoga, and ecological awareness, resulting in mutual feelings of hope, a fuel for change, and the empowerment of women. Highlighted by the undeniable power of surfing, Malaviya and her group of talented women search for the perfect waves as they forge with the people of India an unshakable determination to make the world a better place. - Tim Zom, alias Zombie. Skateboarding rebel without a cause from the south of Rotterdam. Raised in violence and crime, the reckless, long-haired skater tries to earn his way with tricks, flips and the accompanying music. Will his grim past get in the way? A family drama that revolves around cricket, it will centre on the character Rameshan played by Nivin Pauly and his memories from 1983 when India won its first World Cup under Kapil Dev to 2013. Five real-life stories of Olympic athletes of Russia. Five stories which intertwined love, betrayal, friendship. Each of these victories worth hard work, respect and belief in yourself, in your family and to your country. When the Bell Rings tells the story of David 'Dino' Wells, a 40 year old former boxer who makes a gutsy attempt to return to the fighting. As Wells undergoes intense training in order to shape up, he's tormented by memories of his fatherless childhood and decides to reunite with his own estranged son. A portrait of the man behind the greatest fraud in sporting history. Lance Armstrong enriched himself by cheating his fans, his sport and the truth. But the former friends whose lives and careers he destroyed would finally bring him down. Free to Run tells the amazing story of the running movement over the past five decades, the struggle for the right to run - especially for women - against conservative Federations, the explosion of grass roots road races and marathons, until the boom of running as a vast business enterprise. A baseball drama about two retired players who continue their "duel" at the mound, while they struggle to find their place in life. His teachers, coaches, childhood friends and Barca teammates, together with journalists, writers and prominent figures from the history of football, come together in a restaurant to analyze and pick apart Messi's personality both on and off the field, and to look back at some of the most significant moments in his life. Viewed from Alex de la Iglesia's unique perspective, Messi recreates the player's childhood and teenage years, from his very first steps, with a football always at his feet, through to the decision to leave Rosario for Barcelona, the separation from his family, and the role played in his career by individuals such as Ronaldinho, Rijkaard, Rexach and Guardiola. This documentary is about race car driver Alec Udell who at age 15 was North America's youngest professional race car driver. Four friends take off on an 1800 mile road trip to retrieve an illicit tape mistakenly mailed to a girl friend. In pre-WWII Vancouver, second-generation Japanese immigrants had it tough. Daily, they faced discrimination, hatred and injustice at the hands of their Caucasian counterparts. But one thing made their lives worth living: baseball. They may be the underdogs, but the Vancouver Asahi baseball team have a sense of fair play and smart tactics that set them apart from the brute force of their opponents. Under the guidance of new team captain Reggie Kasahara, can they be able to rise above all the negativity to win the tournament?  This film is based on the true story of Vancouver Asahi, the Japanese-Canadian baseball team that was inducted into The Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame in 2003. A sports wanderlust by three guys to visit every NFL stadium in the iconic vehicle that has inspired countless road trips and captivated the world a split window VW Bus named Hail Mary. Three guys one 1967 VW Bus and 25,000 miles of American roadways. Its about people, the community of NFL fans and VW enthusiasts alike. It's about emotional ties to teams bizarre infatuation and just down right love for the sport. The film is a 25,000 mile journey to glory documenting the human spirit through freedom friendship sports and America. Welcome to the North West Cannabis Club in Portland, Oregon where you better be ready to get a contact high off the comedy of the one and only Matt Besser. Take an introspective journey through the universe that's filled with love, laughter, songs and jokes. And be ready to smoke weed in all the different ways one possibly can. Oh, and don't be a narc! Debbie Taylor is a former 1980s pop star bent on making a comeback and returning to the Billboard charts. As she prepares to once again take the music industry by storm, Debbie's record label deems her irrelevant and abruptly drops her. Out of money, she leaves the fast lane of New York to move in with her sister in Youngstown, Ohio.  From the shacks and dirt sheets of Argentina to Center Court of Roland Garros. This Official DVD from Major League Baseball Productions provides comprehensive highlights, exclusive access and interviews, and breathtaking footage capturing the thrilling story of the Boston Red Sox 2013 World Series championship. A former youth boxing champion, Jimmy McCabe is a man in search of hope but looking in all the wrong places. When he hits rock bottom he turns to his childhood boxing club and the only family he has left: gym owner Bill corner man Eddie and promoter Joe. Back in training, years after anyone thought he was a contender, he risks his life, as he tries to stand tall and regain his place in the world. Driven by dedication, sacrifice and raw talent, 30 elite cheerleading teams compete to become the sport's ultimate champion. A former KING of Jokgu( Foot volleyball), Man-seob was famous for his unstoppable foot spike in the army. When Man-seob comes back to school after completing military service, he is surprised that the Jokgu court has disappeared. He asks the school chancellor to build a new court, but neither the school nor the students care about missing court. All is busy thinking about getting a job, and no romance exists any more in the campus. One day in a class Man-seob meets Anna, the school queen, and it is love at first sight. Jokgu is what he does the best, so he organizes school's Jokgu championship to win her heart and to realize his passion. 43 years ago Jane Pittman, a promising basketball star at her small town High School, ran off the court never to return ... until now. When Jane stumbles across the Nova United Senior Women's Basketball League, old passions are reignited. Vowing to get into the best shape of her life, she is determined to play competitive ball again. What she never expected to find on this journey is a passionate group of seniors who have decided to 'wear out, before we rust out'. Choosing basketball over bingo, these women come together for much more than sports. 'Coming Back To The Hoop' is a film about the transforming power of basketball and the healing it brings when you connect with something larger than yourself and give yourself over to the team 26 year-old school-teacher and Calisthenics lover Brianna Lee pursues her lifelong dream to finally win Calisthenics' most prestigious title, the 'Most Graceful Girl' competition. After placing second three years in a row, and being controversially stripped of the State Title, she knows this year is her last chance to win. With the help of uncompromising, legendary coach Diane Synnott, the grande Dame of the re birthed 'Regent Calisthenics Club' she struggles to perfect her routine, lay all her ghosts to rest and produce the best performance of her life. Javier Zanetti is one of the last legends of world football. In 1995, still a boy, leaves his Buenos Aires to go to play in Europe, in Inter Milan. Quickly he became the favorite one of Inter's supporters, and while the years pass,while many great players arrive at Inter without winning anything, he trains and fights every day with the same force as of the beginning. Until, at the age of 40, he wins what no other captain has ever won in the all history of Inter. The story of Javier Zanetti is told through the voices of teammates, coaches, journalists and personalities from the world of entertainment. And most importantly, by the great Argentine writer Albino Guaron,who has dedicated his last novel to Zanetti. This nostalgic sports documentary captures the New York Knicks at the height of their golden era during the 1970s, revealing in the process a singularly gifted and inspired team revered by its fans. Supermen: A Story of British Wrestlers is a feature-length documentary film focused on what it's like to live a life in wrestling. Everyone knows that the stork delivers babies, but where do the storks get the babies from? The answer lies up in the stratosphere, where cloud people sculpt babies from clouds and bring them to life. Gus, a lonely and insecure grey cloud, is a master at creating "dangerous" babies. Crocodiles, porcupines, rams and more - Gus's beloved creations are works of art, but more than a handful for his loyal delivery stork partner, Peck. As Gus's creations become more and more rambunctious, Peck's job gets harder and harder. How will Peck manage to handle both his hazardous cargo and his friend's fiery temperament? An up-and-coming video gamer faces his greatest challenge yet as he and his team must overcome a fiery gaming superstar, as well as their own battling egos, to win the ultimate video game championship. Joan Pahisa is 27 years old and has a huge passion: basketball. It would be nothing extraordinary except for a detail: he's exactly one meter tall. Joan's life has not been easy, but sport has helped him go ahead. Last summer he took part in the World Dwarf Games in Michigan, USA, an Olympic-style competition that's held every four years exclusively for little people. Joan was the only representative from Spain because he couldn't find anyone else to go with him. That's why he specialized himself in table tennis, an individual sport. He traveled 7.000 km to feel like at home and also to fulfill his dreams: to be World Champion in table tennis and, above all, to play basketball one more time, most probably the last. His trip will show us how the world is seen from just one meter from the ground. It's not only about sport, it's about life itself. Documentary about basketball star Dirk Nowitzki. In 1999 Hussain Sadiqi fled the remote mountains of central Afghanistan as the Taliban stepped up their violent persecution of the Hazara people. This was to be the start of Hussain's epic 20,000km journey to Australia. 10 years later, this self-confessed 'nomad' is about to give up his new life in his new country to pursue a lifelong dream - a dream that was born over 20 years ago, when a young Hussain first saw a torn and battered picture of his life long hero, Bruce Lee. Glass Jaw is the redemption story of Travis Austin, a one time champion boxer who goes to prison and loses everything. After his release, he experiences the trials and tribulations of redeeming his reputation, his belt, and his true love. The Blue Meanies take over Pepperland, draining it of all its color and music, firing anti-music missiles, bonking people with green apples, and turning the inhabitants to stone by way of the pointed finger of a giant blue glove. As the only survivor, the Lord Admiral escapes in the yellow submarine and goes to Liverpool to enlist the help of the Beatles. H2mexicO is not simply a documentary or a surf film, it is a groundbreaking stand up paddling journey on the 43 meter mega surf-yacht Royal Pelagic, that follows 8 superstars of the sport as they take SUPing where it has never been before--the rugged and surf drenched Baja coast. Dave Kalama, Gerry Lopez, Jamie Mitchell, Chuck Patterson, Connor Baxter, Slater Trout, Danny Ching, Dave Boehne, and Talia Decoite have transformed the sport from a fledgling hobby into a worldwide phenomenon, and you will now be able to witness the incredible advancement in technology and ability for yourself. In the same down to earth style and flow of the predecessor--the award winning film H2indO filmed in Indonesia--H2mexicO is slated to become the "Endless Summer" for SUP Taking bribes and making deals is as essential as being a good rider in the Palio, the world's oldest horse race. Giovanni, a young jockey, is up to the challenge when he faces his former mentor on the track. What ensues is a thrilling battle with the intoxicating drama that is at the center of Italian tradition. The Ultra Fans of the three foremost football clubs in Istanbul, Galatasaray, Fenerbahce and Besiktas, have been known all over Europe for their unconditional support of their teams, and their mutual rivalry that often resulted in extremely violent clashes. The current protest movement in Turkey -originated to protect Gezi-park against demolition- is a movement against the ruling AK party. The ruthless dealings of the police against peaceful protesters sparked a nation-wide movement. Then something remarkable happened: fans of the competing football teams united for a common cause for the first time ever. The football ultras now fight side by side against the police and use their experience with clashes to help the protesters against tear gas and to build barricades. The name for their alliance: Istanbul United. On the verge of achieving his dream career, Tomas allows his older brother Martin Farina an inside look at his life as a professional football player. Martin, never able to fulfill his own dream of playing football, steps into the world of Tomas and his teammates through the lens of his camera. However, the rest of the club has their own opinions, some viewing Martin as an intruder, as he exposes their most vulnerable moments, and their concerns for the future after the game has ended. Fulboy offers an uncensored, confessional look at how the athletes behind the most popular sport in the world behave during their time off the field. At the same time, Fulboy reflexively interrogates Farina's aesthetic choices and point-of-view, as well as the viewer's gaze at the male form. A failed track coach finally finds someone who he believes has what it takes to win. The Comrades Marathon is a 90-k race in South Africa. An aging running coach, Barry, wants to field a winner; he's working with four men from a factory, but when he's fired to make way for a smooth, corporate type, he's at loose ends. Then he sees Christine, a Namibian immigrant who runs to forget her troubles. He offers to coach her and soon she's living at his house, following his diet and training regimen. But his single-mindedness gets to her: she wants a job and a place of her own. Plus, the man who replaced Barry likes her and wants her away from Barry. Can runner and coach (woman and man, African and European) sort out their complex relationship before the race? Written by After public school student Roddy Berwick takes the blame for a friend's transgression and is expelled, his life goes downhill. The Essence of Surfing is a riveting surf documentary that gets to the heart of why surfing is the greatest sport in the world. Featuring surfers of all kinds, from the neighborhood grom to some of the greatest surfers to ever live, The Essence of Surfing uncovers what it is about this awesome sport that makes it a necessary part of each of their lives. Shot in the world's most beautiful locations by top notch Cinematographers Erik Ippel and Mike Prickett, this film is sure to hook and inspire anyone looking to get wet and catch some waves. Promise Land, directed by Kevin Dalvi, is a brilliant, intense and engaging drama about the lives of a few individuals from diverse cultural backgrounds. The film weaves together three compelling narratives that focus on immigration issues. Inspired by real life stories, the plot revolves around South Asian immigrants living in Chicago and the people they encounter. It's about their unique struggles, triumphs, conflicts and challenges. It's funny, touching, heart-warming, and more importantly, it is a film with a powerful social message that relates to current events. Every ten or seven years in an unsuspecting town, The Tournament takes place. A battle royale between 30 of the world's deadliest assassins. The last man standing receiving the $10,000,000 cash prize and the title of Worlds No 1, which itself carries the legendary million dollar a bullet price tag. The World Title is the ultimate prize for Bobby Stevens. Getting to the final was his big chance but for some reason he froze against Ray Carter and the match was almost a whitewash as Bobby could not pot another ball! A few years later he's performing trick-shots wearing a mask in small clubs and trying to move on but whatever stopped him potting in the final before has resurfaced. Through his struggles, he meets a young girl and her mother who help him tread the right path. Does this lead to victory in the Jimmy White Invitational Tournament? Will he also find love along the way? Starring former world champions Bret Hart and Billy Graham, 350 Days is a true look behind the curtains at the grueling life they led on the road 350 days a year and the effect that lifestyle had on their marriages, family, physical and mental health.  Featuring Greg Valentine, Tito Santana, Paul "Mr. Wonderful" Orndorff, Abdullah The Butcher, Wendi Richter, Bill Eadie, Nikolai Volkoff, Stan Hansen, Angelo Mosca, Lex Luger, and more, this film also includes some of the last interviews ever done with George "The Animal" Steele, Jimmy "Superfly" Snuka, Ox Baker, The Wolfman, Don Fargo, and 99-year-old Angelo Savoldi. Meidericher runner is a German documentary that deals with the runner-up team of Meidericher SV , the present MSV Duisburg is concerned, from the first Bundesliga season 1963/64. He is the first part of the documentary series from the beginning to the west end and experienced on March 30, 2014 Film Forum Duisburg its premiere. The main part of the film takes place by the legendary Lethe River on New Zealand's wild and wondrous South Island. Back in 1988, one of the most iconic fly fishers of our time, Lars Lenth, spent three months exploring the fabled river and fishing for its abnormally large trout. At night, he would sit down in a remote cabin and write down his experiences in a journal.  Nearly 25 years later, the young trout bum Rolf Nylinder looses his way in the wilderness near Lethe. By chance, he finds the long-lost journal, full of insights about the very soul of fly fishing. Along with Rolf on the trip is documentarist Peter Christensen, filming their mostly failing attempts to catch trout, and Rolf's ever-growing interest in the wisdom of the journal.  The old book becomes a moral compass for Rolf, who gradually becomes more and more obsessed by the poetic adventures Lenth wrote down in a dreamy past. Destiny forces the two fly fishers together, but what will happen when their worlds collide? Germantown and Martin Luther King High Schools were bitter rivals for over 40 years. This past year, a budget crisis caused Philadelphia to lay off over 4000 employees and close 37 schools, including Germantown High. Now Germantown must merge with their former rival, King. Against overwhelming odds, a 27-year old first time head coach and a new principal fight to inspire young men from difficult circumstances to come together and lift each other toward a better future. Follows the journey of two high school teams vying for the coveted UCA National High School Cheerleading Championship title. Kicking Off starts with the most important game of the season. Loyal fans Wigsy and Cliff watch in trepidation as their football team score the goal that will save them from relegation. Victory is bliss as a chorus of supporters chant and cry with elation. However, this frenzy of happiness quickly turns ugly as the referee disallows the deciding goal. With their hearts and fists pumping, adrenalin running and fury racing through their bloodstream, the fans take matters into their own hands and Cliff makes the fatal mistake of planning while intoxicated. Wigsy, a confirmed idiot, follows through with the said plan and in the darkest hours of the night he commits a crime that will cause chaos and catastrophe for him and his best mate Cliff. Kicking Off is cleverly filmed with split screen shots and slow motion montages. The characters are lovable thugs who will leave you laughing and grimacing at their lack of common sense.  The beautiful game just got ugly. Out to Win is a documentary film that serves as an overview and examination of lives and careers of aspiring and professional gay and lesbian athletes from all over the world. Chronicling the present, framed within a historical context of those that came before, this film highlights the experiences of athletes who have fought and struggled, both in and out of the closet, to represent the LGBT community and their true selves. This film is told through the voices of pioneers, present day heroes, tomorrow's superstars and the people who've helped them succeed. Featuring interviews with trailblazers including Martina Navratilova, Billie Jean King, Jason Collins, Brittney Griner and more. Freddie Steinmark, an underdog on the gridiron, faces the toughest challenge of his life after leading his team to a championship season. The story of the rise to glory of boxer Joe Calzaghe. Ng Kau Sau was once Queen in badminton, she gave up herself after being expelled from the sport. One day she met a brunch of terrible weirdoes: the Drunken Master who was lying on the ground, one-armed Lam Chiu, visually-impaired Ma Kun, and the scar-faced boss Lau Dan who suffered from loss of hearing. They were the most notorious robbers 10 years ago, but they decided to be good men after they got out from jail and formed the "Lau Dan Badminton Club". Sau was impressed by them and decided to join Dan and practice seriously and go to the competition together. The unexpected victory over Uruguay in the World Cup Brazil 1950 continues to have social and political ramifications for both countries. Samba migrated to France 10 years ago from Senegal, and has since been plugging away at various lowly jobs. Alice is a senior executive who has recently undergone a burnout. Both struggle to get out of their dead-end lives. Samba's willing to do whatever it takes to get working papers, while Alice tries to get her life back on track until fate draws them together. The adventures of Gianna, a sexy policewoman who wants to help a child in search of his mother. The true story of four student athletes from Carter High School in Dallas, Texas in the 1980s, whose bright futures irrevocably changed due to their off-field activities. Mike Bauer was born to be fast and chased his dreams - from acting and singing to motor sports - until a tragic motorcycle accident left him paralyzed and on the verge of suicide. When he meets Dr. Scott Falci, a rehabilitative neurosurgeon and an amateur racing enthusiast who recognizes Mike's potential as a driver, they venture into the uncharted territory of designing a race car with adaptive controls designed for the paraplegic driver. Will climbing behind the wheel of this new race car be enough to bring mike back from the brink? SANJAY'S SUPER TEAM follows the daydream of a young Indian boy, bored with his father's religious meditation, who imagines "a kind of ancient, Hindu version of The Avengers," with the gods appearing like superheros. With Blue Mountain State football star Thad Castle recently signing a multi-million dollar NFL contract, his teammates and college life seem like a distant memory. However, when a new school dean threatens to clean up the BMS image by auctioning off the infamous Goat House, Alex, Sammy and the boys must find a way to convince him to get involved. Despite his new fortune and fame, there is one small favor that Thad needs done before he saves the day: the biggest booze-and-sloot fest in BMS history. Welcome to Thadland! "De Pleintjes" is a documentary about Antwerp's street football culture. Rough areas such as Het Kiel, Borgerhout, Deurne and Stuivenberg are the backdrops to the social lives of thousands of youngsters. It's these areas where they grow up, learn about the world, and above all, dream of a better future. The relationship of a couple who meet by chance in New York City is put to the test when they encounter a life or death circumstance. He was called the Champion of Champions. The strength and strong-willed character Poddubniy composed legends. And 50 great fighter effortlessly overcame young athletes, and questions of honor and justice did not know compromises. And only love could put Russian Heroes on both blades When a low level mobster is nearly rubbed out by the boss, he decides to take the bonus he was promised by force, so he kidnaps the boss and demands a hefty ransom. When El Mono dies, his three longtime friends try to recover from the loss and want to secure his little girl's future. But for Fernando, Mauricio and El Ruso this will not be easy. They decide to recover a big investment El Mono had made when he had bought a soccer player who was supposed to become a star. In the month of the Brazil World Cup, the documentary shows how the demonstrations against an increase in public transportation fares in Sao Paulo in June of 2013, evolved to national scale, reaching hundreds of cities. The movement took over one million people to the streets and it became an uprising against corruption, the lack of public services and the copious spendings on the World Cup. The film proposes a reflection on the changes conquered by protesters and asks the question: will tomorrow be bigger? Jamie Fitzpatrick and Nona Alberts are two women from opposites sides of the social and economic track, but they have one thing in common: a mission to fix their community's broken school and ensure a bright future for their children. The two women refuse to let any obstacles stand in their way as they battle a bureaucracy that's hopelessly mired in traditional thinking, and they seek to re-energize a faculty that has lost its passion for teaching. A teenager and his mother find themselves besieged by threatening forces when they move into a new house. A documentary spanning the decades of wrestling in the metro Detroit area from the 1950s through today with interviews and segments with the legends and greats of yesterday, today and tomorrow. At All Costs is a documentary set in the world of elite youth grassroots basketball that explores how the AAU system has professionalized youth basketball in America. We follow highly recruited 'blue chip' prospects, their families, and their teams as they navigate the shaky terrain of the AAU circuit in pursuit of their dreams. Two brothers separated by tragedy, find redemption in the most improbable place: an MMA ring. Cristiano Ronaldo: The World at His Feet follows the footballer from his beginnings in Portugal, breakthrough start with Manchester United and current career at Real Madrid. When his helicopter goes down during his fourth tour of duty in Afghanistan, Marine Sam Cahill is presumed dead. Back home, brother Tommy  steps in to look over Sam's wife, Grace, and two children. Sam's surprise homecoming triggers domestic mayhem. Inspired by the twenty-fifth anniversary of 'Bull Durham,' a team of artists converged on the Durham Bulls' stadium to document the legendary minor league team's 2013 season. 'Leaving Traces,' a feature documentary, follows the artists - including renowned photographers Alec Soth, Hiroshi Watanabe, Hank Willis Thomas, Kate Joyce, Frank Hunter, and Alex Harris, and writer Adam Sobsey - as they confront the challenges of finding something new in a baseball park. While techniques and output vary widely, this diverse group is united by baseball's (and photography's) unique experience with time. The slow, repetitive movements often hide the roiling drama beneath. By interweaving stories about process and craft, 'Leaving Traces' evokes baseball's atmosphere and captures the struggle to make the unseen visible. Raised in a strict household, Yasmin finds the missing passion in her life when she begins to secretly take professional wrestling lessons. But when her secret is threatened to be revealed, Yasmin will have to clothesline, pile-drive and slam her way through to keep her dream going and realize what she's really meant to do in life! Two FBI agents track down a missing person's case which leads them to a group of stock brokers who hunt people for sport. On December 20, 2012, the eve of what may be the end of the world, Stacey decides he wants to see his ex-girlfriend, Parker. Though not entirely convinced of impending doom, Stacey convinces Parker to embrace the notion that this might be the end, and she agrees to spend the day with him, making sure to fit as much into these final moments as possible. Stacey and Parker bump into old friends and fall into old patterns, all the while struggling to embrace the present and not focus on the past. Structural feature film about a burning piano. If you thought 26.2 miles was tough, lace up your running shoes for a journey into the world of untrarunning. Some call them adventure racers, extreme endurance athletes or just plain crazy as they prepare to run a 30 hour 100 mile race. No stopping, No resting. No whining. Just running. A friendly tennis match between Alice and Andy takes an abrupt turn when Alice goes to retrieve a stray tennis ball and is bitten by a rattlesnake. APEX: The Secret Race Across America is a documentary film that takes viewers on a fast-paced ride through the illegal, underground world of U.S. transcontinental racing. How fast can you drive cross-country? In 2004, Hope Ann Greggory became an American hero after winning the bronze medal for the women's gymnastics team. Today, she's still living in her small hometown, washed-up and embittered. Stuck in the past, Hope must reassess her life when a promising young gymnast threatens her local celebrity status. Football seen through the eyes of some of the best directors of the world.  Cold War thriller set in Iceland - a British agent and his Icelandic fiancee try to protect an electronic device from falling into the clutches of the KGB. Follow Aisholpan, a 13-year-old girl, as she trains to become the first female in twelve generations of her Kazakh family to become an eagle hunter, and rise to the pinnacle of a tradition that has been typically been handed down from father to son for centuries. Major-league rookie pitcher Hopper Gibson has lost his focus. After choking on the mound, he's sent down to the minors and prescribed sessions with an unorthodox sports therapist, who pushes him to uncover the origins of his anxiety. In Brooklyn live two young street musicians who since childhood dream of building a recording studio together. Charlie, who plays the banjo, just inherited a house with a large basement. His best friend and manager Ted thinks it might be the perfect place for the studio but they need $ 25,000 to fulfill their dream. One day a Jamaican nurse approaches them on the street asking for help to lift a patient who has fallen down. Ted finds a collection of rare baseball cards in the house of the patient, and soon will plot a plan to steal the valuable collection to finance their studio. But when Charlie gets involved in a relationship with the nurse, Ted plans will be disrupted and his friendship with Charlie threatened. The twenty four hours of four amateur women boxers as they step for the first time into the ring. The Hornblower series is based on C.S. Forester's classic maritime adventures - the story of one young man's struggle to become a leader of men. Set against the back drop of the 18th century Anglo-French wars, the bloodiest time in British naval history. Spithead, Portsmouth, 1794. Under thundery skies and in lashing rain, a 17 year old midshipman takes the first tentative steps of his naval career, but a deadly feud with a despicable mate is causing complications. Two brothers come to grips with the death of their father while moonlighting as a luchador tag team in the independent professional wrestling circuit. Every skier knows what it's like to call a few friends, pack up, and head out for a trip. Rather than spend another winter chasing storms, five of the top pros and their closest pals embark on their own interpretations of a "trip of a lifetime," taking them deep into new and uncharted territory. Bobby Brown brings the crew back together for a spring session to wrap a season that won't soon be forgotten. Tracing Skylines follows these five skiers on several incredible adventures. Where will you be inspired to go next? A WWII Drama about a German/Jewish industrialist who, in order to ensure his family's safe passage out of Germany, is forced to hand over his business to the Nazis. Streetkids United II - The Girls From Rio is a documentary film about a life-changing experience for a group of girls from the favelas in Rio de Janeiro, the Favela Street Girls, who are chosen to represent Brazil during the Street Child World Cup 2014. The girls, who have faced crime, violence and social problems during their lives, and their coaches work hard to become a winning team. Their journey to the unknown finally rewards them with much more. Undoubtedly one of Britain's greatest ever sportsmen, the story of AP McCoy's final season is a fascinating mix of sacrifice, doubt, decisions, triumphs and failures, injury and ultimately, finding a way to leave the stage. With unprecedented access to a top athlete, the film tracks all the elements that make up McCoy's life. An All-American football player's dreams to play in the NFL are halted when he is falsely accused of rape and sent to prison. For years, Julius Arile and Robert Matanda thrive among the bands of warriors that terrorize the North Kenyan countryside. So when both warriors suddenly disappear from the bush, many assume they are dead or have been arrested. Instead, they trade in their rifles for sneakers--in the hopes of making it big as professional marathon runners. Years of fleeing from the police have prepared the men for running marathon distances, but do they have what it takes to overcome the corruption, mistrust and jealousy that threaten to derail their careers? The first movie in a trilogy, focusing on the battle against the Takahashi brothers. High school student Takumi Fujiwara works as a gas station attendant during the day and a delivery boy for his father's tofu shop during late nights. Little does he know that his precise driving skills and his father's modified Toyota Sprinter AE86 Trueno make him the best amateur road racer on Mt. Akina's highway. Because of this, racing groups from all over the Gunma prefecture issue challenges to Takumi to see if he really has what it takes to be a road legend. Young Sadaf Rahimi is the Afghanistan's best boxer, but she must face her country's traditions, fear and her own destiny to be a free woman. A struggle that will turn her into a point of reference for many Afghan women. A documentary that chronicles the life of South African leader Nelson Mandela. Mandela is probably best known for his 27 years of imprisonment, and for bringing an end to apartheid. But this film also sheds light on the little-known early period of Mandela's life. TGH is the story of the world's most legendary, demanding and deadly racetrack - the Nurburg Ring. From the producers of 'Bowling for Columbine', 'Fahrenheit 9/11' and 'Generation Iron' comes 'The Hurt Business' which examines the rise of mixed martial arts fighting through the eyes of today's top stars. Unprecedented access to Muhammad Ali's personal archive of "audio journals" as well as interviews and testimonials from his inner circle of family and friends are used to tell the legend's life story. Mark Sloper directs this feature-length documentary taking you through the thrills and spills of the 2013 British Superbike season. This year saw riders Shane Byrne and Ryuichi Kiyonari battle it out for the chance to become the first ever four-time champion. Two young kids dream about being professional baseball players. 05.RED.04.CLAY, commemorates the 10th anniversary of the greatest milestone in Argentine tennis. The legendary Roland Garros Final between Gaston Gaudio and Guillermo Coria. A comedic romp that celebrates the power of friendship to turn your life around, Dias de Futbol introduces us to Antonio, an ex-convict and amateur shrink who convinces his pals that the best way to overcome their midlife crises and lack of success with women is to reassemble their old soccer team and win something in life, even if only a local championship. Directed by David Serrano. Starring Alberto San Juan, Natalia Verbeke (Dot the I, Son of the Bride), Pere Ponce, and Fernando Tejero. A documentary that follows India's most successful deaf athlete on his unlikely quest to reach the Rio Olympics 2016 and become only the second deaf wrestler in the history of the Olympics to do so. This is Virender Singh's story, a captivating account of an incredible athlete largely unknown and snubbed by the bureaucracy.Now, as Virender gears up for his third Deaflympics appearance in Bulgaria, this film delves into his life from the bylanes of a small village in Haryana to becoming India's most successful deaf athlete ever and aims at fulfilling the long cherished dream of every athlete that is competing at the Olympics.On the way, it looks at all that he has achieved through a glittering decade and a half long career. Set in the 1960s Brooklyn among a conservative Syrian Jewish community, Extra Innings tells the tale of a young baseball enthusiast, David Sabah, and his trials through family dismay and loss. The story happens in around early forties. A young freedom fighter Shivaramu, lost in jungle while he travels to a place near subramanya, meets two villagers called Deranna and Bhatya. They advice Shivaramu to stay in the house of Gopalayya, a Brahmin living with his wife Shankaramma in Kelabailu. The couple treats Shivaramu well and asks him to stay for couple of more days. They express that their son Shambhu had left them years back. They treat Shivaramu as their own son.  During the stay, Gopalayya narrates the story of his past. Recalls his hardworking days of making a beautiful crop field beside mountain. Shivaramu slowly gets clear introduction to the legendary personality of Gopalayya. Shivaramu gets more curious at his attitude of fighting against nature to build his dreams in a place called Katumule. Parrot, Monkey and Elephant are excited to understand how long their friend Boa is. They finally arrive to the result, though it is measured in quite a strange fashion. Max braves the harsh winter weather and an uncooperative Who to bring a sick Grinch his favorite hot tea. A young girl uncovers a disturbing secret about her twin sister, who committed suicide just a few months before. in Lake Hiawatha, New Jersey before 70+ fans: Alicia b Rick Cataldo w/Vinny G from VTG Enterprises to retain the WSU Women's title, Alicia b Nikki Roxx to retain the WSU Women's title, The Soul Sisters (Latasha and Jana w/Missy Hyatt) b Della'Morte and Taylor Nicole w/Liz Savage, Alexa Thatcher b Alere Little Feather, Satan's Sisters (Amy Lee and Luna Vachon) b The Diva Killaz (Kayla Sparks and Miss Deville w/Liz Savage) - Notes: After the match, Amy Lee and Luna Vachon proclaimed themselves as the unofficial WSU Tag Team Champions and asked for real competition, putting out an open challenge. The immature Wyne (32) starts a football team to rebel against all her friends who's lives have become dull and boring since either giving birth or becoming pregnant. However, she threatens to lose everything through unexpected events. Exploring the lives of everyday people who through life encounter the special gifts they have, or at least believe they have. Before he became one of the world's greatest boxers, Emmanuel "Manny" Pacquiao was a young boy living a hand-to-mouth existence, trying to survive from one day to the next. When he discovers his natural talent for boxing, he embarks on a brutal and intense journey that takes him from the mountains of the Philippines to the streets of Manila, and must risk everything to become a champion - for himself, his family, and his country. Shipped off to her American dad's ranch for the summer, a teen and her horse Lucky Lad compete for a spot at the National Youth Rodeo. An underground urban fitness movement risks losing its identity as a social tool as it becomes the fastest growing new sport. Born on the streets of NYC, cultures clash between the old school and the young blood as the movement transitions from city parks to stadiums all over the world.  From the creators of the epic film series 'MOTO The Movie',  The Assignment Inc. is proud to present their latest and most anticipated installment to the film franchise, MOTO 5. Without reservation this is by far the biggest and baddest of the MOTO The Movie films.  Tag along with upcoming star Cooper Webb as he escapes to the exclusive Chaney Ranch to reflect on his first season as a pro; watch Tyler Bereman hone his bike skills in the Washingon Dunes and SoCal hills; see how Adam Cianciarulo shadows Ryan Villopoto in hopes of becoming one of the greats; go on a sand-blasting, soul-searching journey into the desert with X-Games superstar Ronnie Renner; watch Zach Osborne train to be one of the most diverse MX and off-road riders on the planeth A  thriller, released 1st November 1978, based on the non-fiction book Coup d'Etat: A Practical Handbook by Edward N. Luttwak. Game Face shows the quest to self-realization of LGBT athletes and the acceptance in society. The film follows athletes during their coming out process, and sheds light on the obstacles LGBT sports players deal with throughout their career. This feature-length documentary, made especially for the 2003 Aliens (1986) DVD release, is incredibly informative with all its interviews with both the cast and crew, as well as behind the scenes footage filmed during the making of the film. Every possible element towards what went into making the movie is included here and gives fans an overload of information to fill their brains with. Time Trial takes us into the final races of cyclist David Millar's career, leading up to his last encounter with the Tour de France. We go inside the peloton, we're pushed up impossible climbs and forced down rapid descents, we lie alongside him in his hotel room in post-race agony. We ride in the support car, the source of comfort, supplies and fleeting relief from the cold. And we know that every mile traveled is a mile closer to the end. A father and his son walk alone through burned America. Nothing moves in the ravaged landscape save the ash on the wind and water. It is cold enough to crack stones, and, when the snow falls it is gray. The sky is dark. Their destination is the warmer south, although they don't know what, if anything, awaits them there. Two brothers, down on their luck, fake a disappearance in the Alaskan wilderness so they'll have a great survival story to sell, but the hoax turns out to be more real than they planned. In the summer of 2013 Sergei Boutenko put 10 endurance athletes (five ultra-runners and five CrossFitters) on green smoothies and followed them around with his camera to find out the answer to this question.  Starting out as healthy athletes (or so they thought!), 10 individuals embark on a six-week experiment of continuing their typical training and racing regimen, but with one major difference: they are drinking a quart of green smoothies every day.  You'll be astonished at the results that begin to emerge. From a decrease in injuries to feeling supercharged to run for hours on end, there might be a bit more to smoothies than just tasting delicious.  If you like to exercise, you need to see this film! Red Bull Media House, in association with MSP Films, presents Days Of My Youth, a new action-packed film that examines every skier's lifelong affinity for the sport and proves that skiing can keep you feeling young for a lifetime. The story of an ancient war that is reignited when a young farmhand unwittingly opens a gateway between our world and a fearsome race of giants. Unleashed on the Earth for the first time in centuries, the giants strive to reclaim the land they once lost, forcing the young man, Jack into the battle of his life to stop them. Fighting for a kingdom, its people, and the love of a brave princess, he comes face to face with the unstoppable warriors he thought only existed in legend-and gets the chance to become a legend himself. The story of Mattheus, a boy from the suburb Jordbro, south of Stockholm. Mattheus has a gift. He's fast. Really fast. Mattheus' dream is to become the athletics star and represent Sweden in the Olympic Games.  Tucked in the trees of Oregon's Mount Hood, an introspective young snowboarder camps alone, anticipating a winter of adventure and self-renewal in this experimental, moody documentary. Giovanni's dream is to become the first boy to compete in the Dutch synchronized swimming championship. He's got just one more exam to go. T-Rex is an intimate coming-of-age story about a new kind of American heroine. For the first time, women's boxing is included in the 2012 Olympics. Fighting for gold is 17-year-old Claressa "T-Rex" Shields. From the streets of Flint, Michigan, Claressa is undefeated and utterly confident. Her fierceness extends beyond the ring. She protects her family at any cost, even when their instability and addictions threaten to derail her dream. As she gets closer to her dream her relationships with her coach and her family get more complicated. But Claressa is determined. She desperately wants to take her family to a better, safer place and winning gold could be her only chance. In the XIX century, Griselda is an actress who knows a pianist named Orlando. He takes her to live at the mansion of Eloisa, his mother. Griselda soon discovers that the entire family is completely insane. Dave is a married man with two kids and a loving wife, and Mitch is a single man who is at the prime of his sexual life. One fateful night while Mitch and Dave are peeing in a fountain when lightning strikes, they switch bodies. Spend one year traveling with Adam Ondra and get all important facts about his climbing life, discover the secret of his succes and learn about his personality. WWE presents True Giants, an in-depth look at sports entertainment's most successful gargantuan Superstars from Big Show and Mark Henry to titans like Andre the Giant, Kevin Nash and more! Based on the life story of Mahendra Singh Dhoni, and his journey to being the world cup winning captain of the Indian cricket team. Less like robots and more like "bro-bots", this epic ensemble of Norwegian and Canadian riders are about to present you with a serious lesson in Kinematics: That's android terminology for "the study of motion, as applied to robots". Unfortunately, without an included owner or operator manual, the viewer will have to subject themselves to numerous viewings in order to apply these teachings to their own on-hill experimentations. Included, however, you will find a variety of street, park, and backcountry footage stretching from North America to Japan and Europe. Torstein, Mark, Stale and Craig will bring you beyond the lights, crowds, and podiums of the contest scene and into the backcountry, park and streets. When Andrew Briggman--a young soldier in the US invasion of Afghanistan--witnesses other recruits killing innocent civilians under the direction of a sadistic Sergeant, he considers reporting them to higher-ups. However, the heavily-armed and increasingly-violent platoon becomes suspicious that someone in their ranks has turned on them, and Andrew begins to fear that he'll be the next target. The police commissioner asks some local street kids to toughen up his sissy son. Love and unity in a school torn by racism and hate in the 1970s.A gifted high school football player must learn to embrace his talent and his faith as he battles racial tensions on and off the field.  Touted as "The World's Greatest College Weekend," the Little 500 is beyond just a big deal on the Indiana University campus. More than 40,000 fans flock to the campus each spring to experience the competition, the pageantry, and the storied tradition of the largest collegiate bicycle race in the USA - a grueling 200-lap, 50-mile, four-person relay race, modeled after the Indy 500. This documentary follows the journeys of four top teams, Cutters, Delta Tau Delta, Delta Gamma, and Teter, as they train for months - or even years - for their one shot at victory. One Day in April spectacularly captures the all-or-nothing spirit of sports where the difference between pride and glory or devastating heartbreak is decided in a moment. - Nina Zheng Tommy Lee (Phillip Rhee) comes to visit his sister and finds that the town is being overrun with members of the Arian brotherhood. These Arian brothers certainly weren't expecting a Taekwondo expert to show up. Tommy and his sister's husband played by Christopher Mcdonald team up to stop the racism. whats better than watching neo-nazis get the crap kicked out of them? when the person kicking the crap out of them is dressed like homie the killer clown, complete with big red shoes and a foam nose. and thats just ONE of the MANY many many many many many cinematic jewels contained within this action packed blessing to the silver screen.this is the best worst martial arts film since sonny chiba's street fighter! you don't believe me? see for yourself namby-pants and check out the best of the best 3. now!!! While the ski racers leave Kitzbuhel for the next World Cup location, the members of the Kitzbuheler Ski Club (KSC) are already starting preparations for next year's race. "Streif - One Hell of a Ride" documents this work - both the spectacular and the small tasks - over the course of one year. At the same time, the film follows five athletes - Aksel Lund Svindal, Max Franz, Hannes Reichelt, Erik Guay and Yuri Danilochkin - in their respective native countries, during their summer training and in their free time. As the 2014 Hahnenkamm Race approaches, these two narratives become more and more interwoven, interspersed with stories from the event's past - until the athletes arrive back in Kitzbuhel. Traveling businessman David Mann angers the driver of a rusty tanker while crossing the Californian desert. A simple trip turns deadly, as Mann struggles to stay on the road while the tanker plays cat and mouse with his life. The film - an open, sincere, warm and funny story about Arvydas Sabonis life and career. This is particularly characteristic of a T-shirt with the number 11 worn out 2.20 m tall basketball giant Olympic and world champion, portrait. Sally: Behind the Smile gives a fly-on-the-wall insight into one of Australia's most beloved athletes as she attempts to overcome some of the biggest hurdles of her burgeoning career in pursuit of that all-encompassing goal, a surfing world title. A Red Bull Media House production realized by Milkmoney, Sally: Behind the Smile is a definitive compilation of all things Sally Fitzgibbons that every aspiring and professional athlete can take something away from. Samir has given much of his time and money developing ski equipments for a Swedish Olympic athlete. When the contract fails, his business partner and closest friend plans to save their company by sending Samir to represent Algeria at the Winter Olympics! Already broke, and expecting his second child, Samir trains to become the first Algerian cross-country skiing male athlete to participate in the winter games. Samir, the eldest son of an Algerian emigrant must first go back to his father's homeland in order to achieve this goal. Meet Jack Foley, a smooth criminal who bends the law and is determined to make one last heist. Karen Sisco is a federal marshal who chooses all the right moves ... and all the wrong guys. Now they're willing to risk it all to find out if there's more between them than just the law. Out of sight will take you on a journey from an unusual perspective, the forest of fontainebleau as you have never seen it. World class climbers like Nalle Hukkataival, Jan Hojer, Jimmy Webb, Guillaume Glairon-Mondet, Ashima Shiraishi and lisa Chulich, take on the hardest blocs in the forest as well as some of the more known problems, The locals Charles, Caroline Sinno make you see thats its not only hard boulders but having fun and climbing easier problems for the pleasure, And Jacky Godoffe, the true bleausard takes you to the areas that are true to his hart. Interviews from each of the climbers are in English ADRENALIN brings the exciting and successful BMW touring car story to the big screen. 50 years of a spectacular sport played out at race circuits around the world. Charismatic drivers and evocative racing cars from five decades plot the growth of the sport and the technology. From the drifting touring cars of the 60's to the first victory of the BMW M4 in the highly sophisticated new DTM. The legends behind the wheel tell their exciting stories and bring the golden era of touring car racing alive again. A small town ice hockey team fights through their first season in an upper division. The players' dreams might have changed from childhood but their love for the sport does not fade. Unfulfilled dreams, expectations and competition in the closely interwoven relationships between a mother and her two daughters. Observations of a fragile triangular relationship in an icy microcosm. An Amazon princess comes to the world of Man in the grips of the First World War to confront the forces of evil and bring an end to human conflict. A feature length, theatrical documentary on the life of Paul Gascoigne, one of the greatest footballers that ever lived: delving deep into his psyche, vulnerabilities, fears and triumphs. The NCAA is the face for college athletics, and it generates billions of dollars every year for the top universities in the United States. This is the first documentary that challenges the NCAA from the perspective of former student-athletes. Director Bob DeMars, a former USC football player, interviewed former student-athletes to find the problems and potential solutions regarding players' rights. Giulia De Martino is a pilot. At seventeen she partecipates in the GT Championship, under the guidance of her father Mario. But one day everything changes and Giulia has to face alone both the track and her own life. In 1980, a teenage boy escapes the unrest in Iran only to face more hostility in America, due to the hostage crisis. Determined to fit in, he joins the school's floundering wrestling team. The first doc-movie about women's basketball world and its protagonists, touching topics as combination of sport and femininity, the economic crisis of clubs, the 'homosexuality, the professionalism sports for women. The director Silvia Gottardi meets the strongest players of the basketball scene and the champions of the past, as well as basketball star USA, coaches, presidents and main personalities of other sports, in order to give a look on women's basketball. A young girl overcomes her disadvantaged upbringing in the slums of Uganda to become a Chess master. Recap of the seven game 2014 World Series featuring the San Francisco Giants and the Kansas City Royals narrated by Colin Hanks. One of the best Bulgarian mountain runners - Kiril Nikolov, known as Disl, attempted to set a new record - to run through the longest and legendary Bulgarian mountain route - 600 km from the mountain peak of Kom on the west border to cape Emine on the Black Sea coast, in less than 5 days. Through steep mountain paths, pouring rain, and sticky mud, the glorious adventure takes him beyond the barriers of his own consciousness, facing hidden fears, pain and exhaustion. To the point where he has to make a tough choice - to quit or to push his will to the ultimate challenge, beyond his own limitations. Teddy Gloucester, one of the group of jazz age "nice people," is caught in a farmhouse during a storm with her intoxicated companion, Scotty. A stranger (Billy Wade) also seeking shelter saves her from Scotty's unwelcome attentions but not from the scandal which results from her father's discovery of her and Scotty--alone--the next morning. Hurt by the snubbing she receives from her friends, Teddy settles down and agrees to become an old-fashioned wife to Billy. In the continuation of Popoy and Basha's love story from "One More Chance," we find the couple walking down the aisle and vowing to love each other "forever and ever." "A Second Chance" explores realities and intricacies and Popoy and Basha's married life. We find Popoy as a failed achiever, struggling to keep his business and self-esteem intact, while Basha has given up so much in her life to keep their marriage together. The story of a man that earned his place as an innovator, motivator and legend in skateboarding that now creates inspiration and opportunity for a new generation. Cole's progression from humble neighborhood beginnings to the world of elite street skateboarding is revealed through recently discovered archival footage, presenting a skater that went on to achieve the highest amount of skate contest wins, a list of defining video parts, being twice selected as Thrasher magazine's Skater of the Year, back-to-back X-Games gold medals, and becoming the 2013 Street League Super Crown World Champion On May 8, 1989, Sports Illustrated ran an article about Ultimate frisbee... about a team with no name hailing from New York City that was about to change the sport forever. From its 1968 New Jersey birth to its unanimous 2015 recognition by the International Olympic Committee, FLATBALL circles the globe to showcase four decades of world-class Ultimate and goes even further: to a set of fields in the Middle East to understand and demystify the unique spirit of the game. 'Godspeed: The Story of Page Jones' is a feature-length documentary about a racecar driver's remarkable and continuing recovery from a severe traumatic brain injury (TBI). Twenty years chronicles Page Jones' redefining victory while advocating for access to long-term rehabilitation for others with similar injuries. Page is living proof that with support, quality lives are within reach. With great bawdiness and backbone, a rugby team made up of farmers strive to redeem themselves from a long run of bitter loses. In the face of the hefty demands of farming and fatherhood, the Saturday game becomes the focus of the men's passions and the ground on which their worth is proved. 'The Ground We Won' is a highly authentic, slice of life film about the challenges and joys of manhood, as seen through the rites and rituals of a rural New Zealand rugby club. Through never-been-seen-before footage and fascinating interviews with key members of the 1985 Chicago Bears -- Mike Ditka, Jim McMahon, Mike Singletary, and others -- you will hear the inside story of their historic season. The story of Abe Saperstein and the creation of the Harlem Globetrotters. In the rapidly growing world of high stakes fantasy football, we follow 5 of the industry's top players as they grind it out for championships, bragging rights and more than one MILLION dollars in cash. But when a game that was once known for its geeks and friendly basement wagers becomes a multi-billion dollar industry, and fantasy becomes reality, who wins and who loses? This is Living the Fantasy. On-ice enforcers struggle to rise through the professional ranks of the world's most prestigious hockey league, only to be confronted with a new found fight for the existence of the role itself. A ticket can get you anywhere in the world, from the chairlift at your local ski area to the top of Talgar Peak in Kazakhstan. It can put your heart in your throat as you fly over a knoll faster than you have all year, and it can put your mind at ease when you find yourself alone in a snow-covered Aspen grove with clear blue sky above and crisp cold air all around. A ticket is the end of reality and the beginning of a journey. And we've got one for you. The incredible story of the unlikely rise of The Drew League from humble beginnings in the crime and gang infested streets of South Central Los Angeles to the nation's foremost pro-am basketball league. Crossing racial, cultural and socioeconomic barriers, The Drew celebrates the value of basketball, persistence, loyalty and above all, community. A touching story of friendship, struggle and triumph, the film follows the journey of two Somali national soccer team friends chasing their dreams in the face of impossible odds. After surviving two decades of war, Saadiq, 17, and Sa'ad, 19, the team's most promising stars, enter the only televised match of the year hoping scouts will be watching. With passports of no value on the world stage, soccer may be their only shot to escape a growing terror threat, persecution and poverty. Against the backdrop of fear and shared sacrifice, they embark on separate but equally improbable journeys. In the opportunity of a lifetime, Saadiq sets off for America with dreams of an education and a soccer career. Sa'ad continues his career in Mogadishu with the hopes of someday being reunited with his friend. Their biggest dream is shared - to be symbols of hope to generations who have only known war. "Scrum might technically refer to restarting a play in order to gain control of the ball, but it's really about a group of guys packing close together in one place--in this case, gay rugby's 7th Annual Bingham Cup in Sydney, with 1,000 participants from 15 countries. The documentary zeroes in on three determined gay athletes vying for a spot on the elite Sydney Convicts team: Aki, the Japanese outsider who worked tirelessly for two years so he could travel to Sydney; Brennan, a hunky Canadian jock who was built for contact sports but rejected by his former, straight teammates after they discovered he was gay; and Pearse, the Irish backpacker bullied in school, tired of being continually put down." - Brian Bromberger The 4th in a series of action packed offroad racing Films by Severe Racing and producer Scott Tugel. Join the fun as they travel to bring you the best racing from the deserts and tracks in America and Baja. Exposure follows a rookie Detroit African-American female cop who stumbles upon corrupt officers who are murdering a drug dealer, an incident captured by her body cam. They pursue her through the night in an attempt to destroy the footage, but to make matters worse, they've tipped off a criminal gang that she's responsible for the dealer's death. For Lieutenant Pete 'Maverick' Mitchell and his friend and co-pilot Nick 'Goose' Bradshaw, being accepted into an elite training school for fighter pilots is a dream come true. But a tragedy, as well as personal demons, will threaten Pete's dreams of becoming an ace pilot. History wonks and running buffs will vie for who loves this movie the most. "Everest on the Track" is as much an historical study of Britain's psychological, if not almost physical, need for something - anything - to erase the woes of World War II as it is a fresh look at the quest for the first sub-4:00 mile, the heretofore deemed physically impossible. Before the war, Britain had bloomed best in its Sporting Tradition, but the amateur accolades leading to Olympic accomplishments were blown off the podiums in the 1952 Helsinki Games. Roger Bannister was the epitome of that disappearing scholar-athlete ideal. Can the lunchtime-trained runner immersed in his medical school studies inject the booster shot into Britain's flagging but still flickering morale?  Mercenary John Seeger is one of the best in the business. John and his crew battle some soldiers on Galmoral Island in Southern Africa as they're trying to rescue the French Ambassador -- there's a coup going on. Some of John's soldiers unload their machine guns into the Ambassador and his family, blowing the mission and getting his best friend Radio Jones killed. He heads back to the US and visits Radio's wife Shondra to tells her the news, and then promises that he'll take care of her and her son Eddie. But shortly after he makes that vow, Shondra and Eddie get kidnapped. Yaarana is a 1981 Indian film directed by Rakesh Kumar and starring Amitabh Bachchan, Amjad Khan, Neetu Singh, Tanuja and Kader Khan. This was one of the films where Amjad Khan plays a positive role. Nearly all of his other films with Amitabh Bachchan have been where he plays a villain role. This movie became a hit at the box office. One of the plus points of the film was its music by Rajesh Roshan and lyrics by Anjaan. At least three songs "Chhookar Mere Mann Ko", "Tere Jaisa Yaar Kahan", "Saara Zamana" and "Haseeno Ka Deewana" were superhit songs and still liked. We Are Blood is a modern day skate epic featuring Paul Rodriguez and other top skateboarders as they travel the globe pushing the limits of what's possible on a board and four wheels while celebrating the unconditional bond created by the simple act of skateboarding. Shot on location in Brazil, China, Dubai, and the United States. Kickstart 4 by Transword Motocross the Final Chapter returns to its roots and brings viewers to the most exclusive places in our sport, with some of the biggest stars. Spend time with Chad Reed, Robbie Maddison, Marvin Musquin, Trey Canard, Cole Seely, Wil Hahn, Eli Tomac, Justin Bogle, Jimmy Albertson, and Jeremy "Twitch" Stenberg at places like the uber-exclusive Compound 22 in Florida, the Tomac Ranch in Colorado, Trey Canard's amazing Oklahoma back yard, the Wyvern Ranch, and dream tracks like Cahuilla Creek and Zaca Station. Witness the Maddo vs. Twitch prank war first hand, and see if the power of the pickupkit is for real. When his father - who owned a circus - dies, Oscar inherits 5 million dollars - and 3 orang outangs. However there's a condition connected to the money: if he gives away the apes or just one gets sick or dies during the next 3 years, the zoologic society will get all the money. So he not only has to deal with 3 apes and an annoyed girlfriend, but also with a greedy zoologic society's president. Dennis Rodman is on a mission. After forging an unlikely friendship with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, he wants to improve relations between North Korea and the US by staging a historic basketball game between the two countries. But the North Korean team isn't the only opposition he'll face... Condemned by the NBA and The Whitehouse, and hounded every step of the way by the press, can Dennis keep it together and make the game happen? Or will it go up in a mushroom cloud of smoke? For the first time, discover the true story of what happened when Dennis Rodman took a team of former-NBA players to North Korea and staged the most controversial game of basketball the world has never seen. In 1968 the lives of a retired doorman, hotel manager, lounge singer, busboy, beautician and others intersect in the wake of Robert F. Kennedy's assassination at the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles. Lonely man Lance falls in love with his gorgeous piano teacher Priscilla. As their lessons get hotter, Lance discovers that Priscilla has another talent that she keeps secret... She is a sexy stripper by night.He's in for an erotic private lesson with Priscilla and her entourage of sexy stripper friends teach him some sexy love lessons that he'll never forget. Arrogant, self-centered movie director Guido Contini finds himself struggling to find meaning, purpose, and a script for his latest film endeavor. With only a week left before shooting begins, he desperately searches for answers and inspiration from his wife, his mistress, his muse, and his mother. Kim Su-im, the mistress of an American colonel, is arrested and charged with being a North Korean spy. While not denying the charge, Miss Kim takes the trial as an opportunity to relate her life as an explanation of why she committed treason as a spy. The coming-of-age story of Cayden Richards. Forced to hit the road after the murder of his parents, Cayden wanders lost without purpose... Until he meets a certifiable lunatic named Wild Joe who sets him on a path to the ominous town of Lupine Ridge to hunt down the truths of his history. But in the end| who's really hunting whom? Arms dealer Yolaf Peterson aims to make a sale to guerilla Mongo, but the money is locked in a bank safe, the combination known only to Professor Xantos, a prisoner of the Americans. Yolaf agrees to free Xantos, accompanied by reluctant guerilla Basco, but a former business partner of Yolaf's- John 'The Wooden Hand', has other ideas. In a neighborhood where Dominicans and Puerto Ricans live in community, they must learn to put their differences aside and work together to prevent the demolition of their basketball court. The story of legendary Hall of Fame Coach Bob Larsen, his career, success and influence at every coaching level. The road to glory is walked as a pack. When the Mexicanine Republic becomes the host for the World Canine Cup, the coach has one chance to put together the best team in history; but the new warriors will have to learn to put aside their differences and work as a team, to show their country that ultimate football glory is more than just a dream. Brazilian soccer players Socrates, Casagrande and Vladimir lead a historic movement in sports by adopting a democracy within their team, making a statement against the country's military dictatorship. The journey of a boy on his quest through all the hardships, hurdles and circumstances. All in all, the film is a gritty tale of how you can strive to make all your dreams come true Fully authorized, access-all-areas feature doc on the hugely charismatic and globally adored Usain Bolt - officially the fastest man alive. With never-before-seen archive footage of his youth in Jamaica, through to original footage that will be captured at his fourth and final Olympic Games in Rio, where he will compete for the gold in both the 100 and 200 metres races, for a third straight Games before his retirement in 2017. I AM BOLT will reveal the man and define the legacy of this incredible athlete. The Great Warrior Skanderbeg (Albanian: Skenderbeu, Russian: Velikiy voin Albanii Skanderbeg) is a 1953 Albanian-Soviet drama film directed by Sergei Yutkevich. It was entered into the 1954 Cannes Film Festival where it earned the International Prize. Yutkevich also earned the Special Mention award for his direction. The film is a biography of George Kastriot Skanderbeg (1405 - 1468), widely known as Skanderbeg, a 15th-century Albanian lord who defended his land against the Ottoman Empire for more than two decades. A structuralist film in which the filmmakers uses the capabilities of the optical printer. The processing of the image surface emphasizes the materiality of the medium, and turns the medium of film itself into a subject. This film even undermines the essential characteristic of the medium - the sequence of single images that suggests movement - by also showing the filmstrip itself. The cinematic illusion is broken, and at the same time it is shown as film. When a fit of anger leads to a serious injury, a sidelined soccer star returns to his hometown and reluctantly agrees to train the local youth. Match Day is centered on the day of the Uefa Champions League Final one of the worlds most watched events, we see that game by the eyes of Mohammed a 12 year old boy from Morocco and his friends at their day to day life, with them we learn a big lesson about team work, solidarity and the pursue of dreams. This documentary feature took approximately two years in filming and editing. Written by Nugui Brothers Set in 1901, this period epic follows Willem Morkel, a Boer family man whose wife and son are murdered during the Anglo-Boer War. Captured as a prisoner of war, Willem must survive incarceration in the notorious St. Helena concentration camp and defeat the ruthless Colonel Swannell, at his own game--Rugby  A stylish look at the growing surfing scene and counterculture of the 1960s, this documentary explores whether Hawaii's Dick Brewer or Australia's Bob McTavish deserves credit for inventing controllable shortboards to replace bulky longboards. Narrated by actor Simon Baker, this wipeout-filled sports movie features interviews with surfing royalty such as Kelly Slater, Mick Fanning, Layne Beachley and Laird Hamilton. Eric Liddell - China's first gold medalist and one of Scotland's greatest athletes - returns to war-torn China. To acquire the best physiques in the world takes relentless desire, fierce drive and unwavering discipline. The struggle is real. The well-known "Flying Dagger" Chung and his nephew Lam lived on rewards from apprehending bandits. Chung refused the love of "Great Coquette" Lady Fung. Therefore, Fung always mess up Chung's business for revenge. Flying Fox, the country's number one bandit, had stolen the millionaire Tsao's evidence of being a traitor. Hence, Tsao employed Chung to catch the bandit. Flying Fox's wife, Flying Cat seduced Chung to save her husband, which caused jealousy and a severe fight with Fung. Meanwhile Lam was kidnapped by Tsao. Chung and Fung finally realized that Tsao was the head of East Wing. They united together to beat against Tsao... Sam Schmidt lived out his boyhood dream as an IndyCar racer, winning races and earning the title of IndyCar "Rookie of the Year" along the way. That dream came to an abrupt end when Sam crashed into a wall at 200 miles per hour, leaving him a quadriplegic. Reengineering SAM pulls the curtain back and shows up close the serious implications of a life of paralysis on Sam and everyone around him. Sam's accident rendered him physically helpless, never being able to brush his teeth, much less drive again, until a dedicated group of some of the brightest minds today stepped up to build him a car that he could drive, using only his head. Through groundbreaking adaptive technologies, Reengineering SAM chronicles Sam Schmidt's inspirational road back to the Indianapolis Motor Speedway and shows the promise of freedom and mobility for almost anyone confined to a wheelchair. In the Swiss Alps of the early 19th century, a couple forced into loveless marriages struggle to find happiness with one another. After two decades away, a devoted Cheesehead returns to the place of his youth to discover if Wisconsin is still as amazing as he remembered it to be, and to search out the deeper meaning of what it means to be a Cheesehead. Legendary baseball coach, Don, gets inexperienced Michael as his new assistant coach. As their lives dramatically change, the coaches must come together to help their team win. Homeless since the age of nine, South African skateboarder Thalente Biyela travels to the US to pursue his dream of becoming a professional skateboarder. Through his eyes, we experience what it takes to rise up out of circumstance and escape a lifetime on the streets. A young man chases his dream of becoming a pro cyclist and is met with challenges. When star high school quarterback AJ Montoya breaks his hand his only hope is to team up with his longtime rivals, the cross country team--a group of nerds and misfits with potential for high school glory. Donald Crowhurst competes in an around the world boat race. His lack of experience and mental state soon lead to tragedy.  This film finds Angelique in a North African Muslim kingdom where she is now part of the Sultan's harem. The first part of the film consist of her angrily refusing to be bedded as well as their trying to literally beat some sense into her. It all seems to go on too long and I was surprised that the Sultan simply didn't have her killed. Late in the film, she finally decides to escape with the help of two Christian prisoners. Logan Chandler, a young MMA fighter seeks to overcome a troubled past and build a new life based on a new faith and a new found love, but is forced back into the fighting world by Hayden Dressler, a local MMA professional. Female Mongolian wrestler, Na Ren, was invited to participate in a women's wrestling show in Japan. The show host, Boss, instantaneously changed the competition to mud wrestling and Na Ren was forced to compete.  Later on, Na Ren discovered that Boss was actually her childhood playmate, Chi Na Si, who was banned from Sumo wrestling five years ago. Knowing that Boss had deceived her, Na Ren was nonetheless determined to awaken his consciousness and good heart through love. In April 2013, unfamiliar faces appear at the Jamsil Baseball Stadium during the opening matches between Doosan and SK. The nervous middle-aged men throwing and batting the first ball are, in fact, Korean-Japanese former team members that played on that same spot in the 1982 finals of the Bong-hwang-dae-ki games. the time is now. is a film portrait of the Japanese shamanic improvisation duo IRO. The couple Shizuko and Toshio Orimo have worked together since 1981. Their music, their activism in the peace and anti-nuclear movement, and their free-spirited way of life reflect an animist and pantheistic worldview that rejects commercialism in all its forms. A rebellious youth, sentenced to a boy's reformatory for robbing a bakery, rises through the ranks of the institution through his prowess as a long distance runner. During his solitary runs, reveries of his life and times before his incarceration lead him to re-evaluate his privileged status as the Governor's prize runner. In the third installment of the hit Nazi Zombie action horror movie, Outpost: Rise Of The Spetnaz, we discover the horrifying origins of these supernatural soldiers and see them in ferocious gladiatorial battle against the most ruthless and notorious of all military special forces: the Russian Spetsnaz. Nanak Shah Fakir is a biographical film on the life and teachings of the first Sikh guru, Guru Nanak Dev. Addicted to breaking records, this former world champion puts his mind and body on the line one last time. 20 years after his last world record he is in the American desert looking for purpose and salvation on a speed machine he built in his Scottish kitchen. Will his ageing body and fragile psyche cope with the pressure he will find on Nevada's State Route 305? In the town of Copper Canyon, people are cashing in on an economic housing boom, and the local country club is buzzing about the investment opportunity. Once vivacious couple, Roger (Vincent D'Onofrio) and Georgie  (Kyra Sedgwick), have settled into a complacent lifestyle of mediocrity where their marriage is falling apart and their children are turning away from them. Nonetheless, the desperately discontent Georgie pushes Roger into finding a way to invest in the market bubble in the hopes that their family can be saved with the money they are sure to make. When local tennis pro and part-time drug dealer, Pat (Rhys Coiro), comes to Roger for investment advice, Roger sees his opportunity.  Torn by the reality that his family could be saved by this dirty money, Roger finds himself staring down the barrel of a moral conundrum. Indian biographical sports film directed by Tony D'Souza based on the life of the former Indian international cricketer, Mohammad Azharuddin. It will star emraan hashmi in the lead role alongside Prachi Desai , Nargis Fakhri and Huma Qureshi  An insight into the origins and stories of Pacific Island rugby teams such as Tonga, Samoa and Fiji. This documentary explores the backgrounds of a wide variety of players, past and present. The life and career of the power lifter. While fulfilling her community service hours at a horse rescue ranch, Emma forms an unlikely bond with an abused show horse who won't let anyone ride him. A family moves back to Miami to take care of its widowed abuela. After moving into a haunted house, the family learns the intentions of the ghosts that inhabit it. Robbie Knievel, 52 and the owner of 20 world records and 350 jumps worldwide, life is uncovered through his personal pursuit of sobriety and the need of continuing his father's legacy by jumping once again. The Israeli-Palestinian conflict has lasted 100 years. 100 years of war, bloodshed, bitterness, suffering. 100 years of stalemate, intransigence and failed peace deals. And now, it's all over! They've finally found the solution: A game of soccer. The winner gets to stay. The loser leaves forever. And no whining. In the third installment of the hit Nazi Zombie action horror movie, Outpost: Rise Of The Spetnaz, we discover the horrifying origins of these supernatural soldiers and see them in ferocious gladiatorial battle against the most ruthless and notorious of all military special forces: the Russian Spetsnaz. 'Hitting the Apex' is the inside story of six fighters - six of the fastest motorcycle racers of all time - and of the fates that awaited them at the peak of the sport. It's the story of what is at stake for all of them: all that can be won, and all that can be lost, when you go chasing glory at over two hundred miles an hour - on a motorcycle. In the third installment of the hit Nazi Zombie action horror movie, Outpost: Rise Of The Spetnaz, we discover the horrifying origins of these supernatural soldiers and see them in ferocious gladiatorial battle against the most ruthless and notorious of all military special forces: the Russian Spetsnaz. In the third installment of the hit Nazi Zombie action horror movie, Outpost: Rise Of The Spetnaz, we discover the horrifying origins of these supernatural soldiers and see them in ferocious gladiatorial battle against the most ruthless and notorious of all military special forces: the Russian Spetsnaz. In the third installment of the hit Nazi Zombie action horror movie, Outpost: Rise Of The Spetnaz, we discover the horrifying origins of these supernatural soldiers and see them in ferocious gladiatorial battle against the most ruthless and notorious of all military special forces: the Russian Spetsnaz. In the third installment of the hit Nazi Zombie action horror movie, Outpost: Rise Of The Spetnaz, we discover the horrifying origins of these supernatural soldiers and see them in ferocious gladiatorial battle against the most ruthless and notorious of all military special forces: the Russian Spetsnaz. In the third installment of the hit Nazi Zombie action horror movie, Outpost: Rise Of The Spetnaz, we discover the horrifying origins of these supernatural soldiers and see them in ferocious gladiatorial battle against the most ruthless and notorious of all military special forces: the Russian Spetsnaz. In the third installment of the hit Nazi Zombie action horror movie, Outpost: Rise Of The Spetnaz, we discover the horrifying origins of these supernatural soldiers and see them in ferocious gladiatorial battle against the most ruthless and notorious of all military special forces: the Russian Spetsnaz. The History of the 1950-56 Pebble Beach Road Races as told by those who were there. Legendary drivers such as Fred Knoop, Carroll Shelby, Phil Hill, Bill Pollack, Jim Hall and Phil Remington, give first-hand accounts of the excitement and dangers of Racing Through the Forest. In the third installment of the hit Nazi Zombie action horror movie, Outpost: Rise Of The Spetnaz, we discover the horrifying origins of these supernatural soldiers and see them in ferocious gladiatorial battle against the most ruthless and notorious of all military special forces: the Russian Spetsnaz. In the third installment of the hit Nazi Zombie action horror movie, Outpost: Rise Of The Spetnaz, we discover the horrifying origins of these supernatural soldiers and see them in ferocious gladiatorial battle against the most ruthless and notorious of all military special forces: the Russian Spetsnaz. Inspired by the true story of Siseko Ntondini and Piers Cruickshanks, who together won gold in the 2014 Dusi, Beyond the River delivers a nail-biting adventure story about the triumph of the human spirit. After six weeks of gruelling competition, England battle reigning champions Australia. The two teams are inseparable after eighty minutes. Deep into extra time, there are just two minutes left on the clock.  England rumble to within 40 yards of the posts. The ball is sent spiralling back to Jonny Wilkinson, the golden boy of English rugby, in a split second he drop kicks for goal and a chance for sporting immortality.  It is an astonishing story of pressure, expectation and courage, tracing the roots of success back to the professionalization of the game in the 90s and culminating in that glorious World Cup campaign of 2003 that turned Woodward's poisoned chalice into a golden cup. Fascinating chronicle of the ascendancy of FC Barcelona - possibly the top team in the world and powerful emblem of Catalan identity - 'Barca: More than a Club'. Director Jordi Llompart charts the team's inexorable rise from its origins with founder Joan Gamper more than 100 years ago to a Champion's League-winning side that boasts striker Lionel Messi and prestigious coach Pep Guardiola. Vladica lost the only thing that mattered to him - an amateur karate championship. Now he's back in his home town looking for a job, love and redemption. In the third installment of the hit Nazi Zombie action horror movie, Outpost: Rise Of The Spetnaz, we discover the horrifying origins of these supernatural soldiers and see them in ferocious gladiatorial battle against the most ruthless and notorious of all military special forces: the Russian Spetsnaz. In the third installment of the hit Nazi Zombie action horror movie, Outpost: Rise Of The Spetnaz, we discover the horrifying origins of these supernatural soldiers and see them in ferocious gladiatorial battle against the most ruthless and notorious of all military special forces: the Russian Spetsnaz. In the third installment of the hit Nazi Zombie action horror movie, Outpost: Rise Of The Spetnaz, we discover the horrifying origins of these supernatural soldiers and see them in ferocious gladiatorial battle against the most ruthless and notorious of all military special forces: the Russian Spetsnaz. In the third installment of the hit Nazi Zombie action horror movie, Outpost: Rise Of The Spetnaz, we discover the horrifying origins of these supernatural soldiers and see them in ferocious gladiatorial battle against the most ruthless and notorious of all military special forces: the Russian Spetsnaz. In the third installment of the hit Nazi Zombie action horror movie, Outpost: Rise Of The Spetnaz, we discover the horrifying origins of these supernatural soldiers and see them in ferocious gladiatorial battle against the most ruthless and notorious of all military special forces: the Russian Spetsnaz. A music-mad 16-year-old outcast at a rugby-mad boarding school forms an unlikely friendship with his dashing new roommate. Examines the implementation and ineffectiveness of anti-doping policies in sports. It was planned as a journey to one of the most beautiful and most fascinating islands in the world! It turns out as their most dangerous and toughest adventure ever! the professional Freeskiers Phil Meier, Matthias Haunholder and Matthias Mayr try to reach the Island Onekotan far out in stormy seas to ski the most unique Peak in the World. Harry Doyle (Lancaster) and Archie Lang (Douglas) are two old-time train robbers, who held up a train in 1956 and have been incarcerated for thirty years. After serving their time, they are released from jail and have to adjust to a new life of freedom. Harry and Archie realize that they still have the pizzazz when, picking up their prison checks at a bank, they foil a robbery attempt. Archie, who spent his prison time pumping himself up, easily picks up a 20-year-old aerobics instructor. Harry, on the other hand, has to waste away his days in a nursing home. They both have festering resentments -- Archie for having to endure a humiliating job as a busboy; Harry for having to endure patronizing attitudes toward senior citizens. The two old pals finally go back to what they know best. After successfully robbing an armored car, they decide to rob the same train that they robbed thirty years ago. Filmed over 14 months with unprecedented access into the inner circle of the man and the sport, this is the first official and fully authorised film of one of the most celebrated figures in football.  For the first time ever, the world gets vividly candid and un-paralleled, behind-closed-doors access to the footballer, father, family-man and friend in this moving & fascinating documentary. Through in-depth conversations, state of the art football footage and never before seen archival footage, the film gives an astonishing insight into the sporting and personal life of triple Ballon D'Or winner Cristiano Ronaldo at the peak of his career.  From the makers of 'Senna' and 'Amy', Ronaldo takes audiences on an intimate and revealing journey of what it's like to live as an iconic athlete in the eye of the storm. The all new unrated, unapologetic and uncensored Crusty Demons film! Get an all access pass to never before seen crashes, parties and jumps. Brand new footage & interviews from legendary riders Travis Pastrana, Robbie Maddison, Larry Linkogle, Seth Enslow and more. From big walls to big moves, REEL ROCK 10 features athletes Tommy Caldwell, Kevin Jorgeson, Alex Honnold, Jimmy Webb, Daniel Woods and a special tribute to the late Dean Potter. This year's tour boasts an eclectic program that will get you psyched! The beautiful daughter of a murdered scientist determines to apprehend her father's brutal killer at a nuclear waste site they're both inspecting as part of a team of international delegates. But the visiting scientists soon realize that ruthless terrorists intend to blow up the complex. JC (Alexander Polli) is a B.A.S.E. Jumper, a global playboy who lives his life quite literally on the edge, pursuing man's greatest dream - to fly. When a jump goes wrong, that dream is violently shattered. Haunted by the event, JC is drawn to his best friend's lover, ASH (Julie Dray), as he pushes himself harder than ever before - flying lower, closer, faster and recording every moment on film. Soon JC's dark descent threatens not only his own life but the lives of all those around him. BASE follows a man over the edge and watches him fall. An unscrupulous boxer fights his way to the top, but eventually alienates all of the people who helped him on the way up. The story of Eero Ettala, a professional snowboarder from Finland. The documentary tells about his career and includes his friends' and colleagues' comments. A man involved in a horrific car crash is pronounced dead, only to come back to life an hour and a half later, claiming to have seen Heaven. Music has been integral in WWE history, especially anthems for all the greatest WWE Superstars. Since Sgt. Slaughter first made his entrance to the Marine Corp hymn in the early 80's music themes have become synonymous with the Superstars themselves.  Just hearing the first few notes brings the crowd to their feet. They are the songs that let the WWE Universe know that business is about to pick up. Now, get behind the music and learn the inside story behind the timeless anthems of WWE and the superstars. Documentary following the history making Nottingham Forest football team led by Brian Clough and Peter Taylor that won back to back European cups. Based a on a true story about two sisters who came out on top of a man's sport. The story is based on Erica and Courtney Enders, two sisters who get in to junior drag racing and make it all the way to the top. The two sisters fight a battle of fellow racers who are against having girls race with them therefore it pushes them harder to compete against their competition. Erica becomes stressed when her racing life becomes mixed with her social life and academic goals, and decided to quit racing, until she realizes racing is what she truly wants to do. Finally towards the end of their teen years the Enders sisters come out on top to win the junior drag racing national title. They continue to race throughout high school and college, and still do so today. Upon discovering her husband's infidelity, Sandy leaves the suburbs and moves into the city. There, she befriends Aram, a guy whose wife only married him so she could get a green card. Sandy hires Aram to be her nanny, and  it isn't long until Aram and Sandy find out they get along wonderfully and start to date. But is their relationship real or is it, in fact, just a rebound for both of them? As the days turn into weeks and the weeks roll into months, it's the moments when everything seems to come together in perfect harmony that resonate the loudest. For those who anticipate winter's arrival with frothing mouths and the dreams of what may come,this past year came with an unfamiliar set of struggles as these perfect moments became more and more elusive. But for the TGR team, this only hardened their pursuit of winter's rewards. Through the highs and lows of a curious season, they come to find that the moments found on the other side of adversity are the greatest moments of all.  From the award-winning filmmaking crew that brought you 2014's Almost Ablaze, comes the story of one weird winter and the people who celebrate it... Paradise Waits - a ski and snowboard film. After losing his best friend Charlie on Christmas Eve, Bobby Whiteside ventures out onto the lake where they played games of winter hockey. Upon shoveling the ice surface he discovers a magic, perfectly groomed hockey rink that appears only at night in his presence. When a development company starts purchasing lake frontage, Bobby joins forces with his high school crush to rally the town to play one last game on the night pond. An underdog basketball team under the helm of an idealist school teacher from hard scrabble Diyarbakir in Southeastern Turkey goes beyond winning games in their mission to rise above prejudice, poverty and political turmoil created by the decades long conflict between the Turkish state and Kurdish rebels who are fighting for local autonomy and cultural rights. The black power salute by Tommie Smith and John Carlos at the 1968 Mexico Olympics was an iconic moment in the US civil rights struggle. Far less known is the part in that episode in history played by Peter Norman, the white Australian on the podium who had run second -- and the price paid afterward by all three athletes. Minor league stock car racer Mitch Camponella gets closer to his NASCAR dreams when he's hired as private mechanic to a millionaire importer. But Mitch's ambition comes with a heavy price when he realizes that his new boss is a smuggler who's using Mitch as a pawn in a deadly illegal arms trade. For over a decade, Russ "Rock Bottom" Byars and Kurt "Mountain Man" Steiner have endured a rivalry that lifted competitive stone skipping to unthinkable heights. Tested by physical ailments, emotional hardships and the rise of young talent, these obscure legends fight to cement their place in the record books. A masochistic cop, who hides her predilection from her cop husband, gets involved in pursuing a kidnapper nicknamed Harry for Harry Houdini unReal is for those of us who escape. A film that celebrates breaking free from the confines of reality and venturing into a boundless world. This place isn't remote or hard to find, and yet many never see it. Here, glacial walls transform into mountain bike trails, rain and snow aren't the only elements to fall from the sky and thousand pound mammals become riding partners. Breathtaking visuals conjure feelings of awe and pure joy; feelings that only those of us who venture outside can truly understand. This film is dedicated to you -- the dreamers, the rule-breakers, the ones who never grow up, the ones who know the secret -- the ones who know the way into the unReal world. Set against the lush backdrop of rural Laos, this spirited drama tells the story of scrappy ten-year-old Ahlo, who yearns to break free from his ill-fated destiny. After his village is displaced to make way for a massive dam, Ahlo escapes with his father and grandmother through the Laotian outback in search of a new home. Along the way, they come across a rocket festival that offers Ahlo a lucrative but dangerous chance to prove his worth. The film follows the story of a guy who wants to be a professional football player  The story of three Russian Olympic champions. Ordinary people, who have become the pride of their family and country, and made history of world sports.  The propaganda film of the 1934 Nazi Party rally in Nuremberg, Germany Vicky (Prabhas) believes that one should be oneself in a relationship and one shouldn't change one's orientation for the sake of the partner. Vicky and Priya (Kajal Agarwal) are childhood friends and they like each other. Their parents want to marry them off. But Vicky feels that Priya is a not choice for him as she is willing to sacrifice all her comforts for him. Meanwhile, Vicky meets Maggy who has the same taste and lifestyle orientation. Both of them fall in love. The rest of the story is all about how Vicky realises that adjustment is the essence of any blissful relationship. A pioneer family is caught in a storm on the path to Salt Lake City. The mother asks her older boy to ensure his younger brother stays with him and that he gets him to the next camp area. The older brother entertains him, tells him stories, and cares for him, eventually carrying him the whole way. He keeps his promise. Off-Road Racing. It's a form of racing that tests man and machine against the unknown. The terrain, the trails, the courses and everything around it is constantly evolving. Off-road racers must be incredibly versatile and able to excel in any type of terrain. See what things are like, From The Other Side.... A behind the scenes look at the sport of rugby with the 2015 Rugby World Cup as a backdrop, featuring interviews from players, coaches, referees and fans. Soul On Ice: Past, Present, and Future is a film that presents and retells the unknown contributions of black athletes in ice hockey. For untold decades, hockey was seen as a homogeneous sport, exciting to watch but played by one kind of player. But people deserve to now know of the exploits of athletes who dared to stand out, and dared to make the sport their own. These Black athletes dared to give their sport soul. Documentary chronicling Victor Cruz's improbable rise to football stardom, the life shattering injury that derailed his career and his dramatic attempt at a comeback, revealing the man behind the mask, as he faces the biggest challenge of his life. The story of the basketball players that represented Puerto Rico at the San Juan's 1979 Pan Am Games. Freedom is defined as the power of self-determination attributed to the will; the quality of being independent of fate or necessity. To reach that level of liberty is a physical and mental endeavor that many will risk their life to obtain. Is life worth risking for the feeling of conquering fear and becoming free?  Olympic Freestyle skier, Jossi Wells, meets extreme sports performing artists, The Flying Frenchies, to find out what it really means to be free and what drives individuals to chase such a powerful right.  Directed by Toa Fraser, this is the story of men who push themselves to the point of no return. There is no going back when death is at your door and you realize that this is the most important moment of your life because it could be your very last. 16-year-old Kelly quits an elite gymnastics program and moves to Australia. To help out a new friend and show up an old rival she re-enters competitive gymnastics, she'll have to find a way to move forward while making amends with her past. A film that rewrites the moto playbook, with the biggest jumps, the gnarliest tracks, and some of the most remote locations a motorcycle has ever touched. A brotherhood of downhill skateboarders battle negative public perception and a recent ban on the sport, while pushing their limits on the dramatic and dangerous mountain roads above Santa Barbara, California. The decisive years of Swedish soccer player Zlatan Ibrahimovic, told through rare archive footage in which a young Zlatan speaks openly about his life and challenges. The film closely follows him, from his debut with the Malmo FF team in 1999 through his conflict-ridden years with Ajax Amsterdam, and up to his final breakthrough with Juventus in 2005. For $3.99 a minute, Sam can talk privately to the most beautiful woman he has ever seen. It's the most personal interaction a fan can get with a cam girl. But though everyone's seen her nude, he's the first to see her naked. When it's that intimate, how can you keep it impersonal? An under-fire boxing coach, Prabhu is transferred from Hisar in Haryana to Chennai as his bosses at the Boxing Council do not like his disrespectful rule-breaking unconventional ways. In Chennai, he chances upon the raw fighting talent of Madhi, the sibling of aspiring boxer Lakshmi. He decides to put all his effort to tame Madhi and get her to shine but he is repeatedly put off by her playfulness & distrust. A boxer suffers a serious head injury during a fight, and must deal with the consequences. Col. Guile and various other martial arts heroes fight against the tyranny of Dictator M. Bison and his cohorts. Wrongfully accused and sent to prison, a former basketball star prepares for the national slam dunk competition while finding redemption in himself and in those he loves. For the first time ever, WWE Home Video chronicles the career of arguably the greatest tag team in sports-entertainment history, The Dudley Boyz. Hear never before heard stories from Bubba Ray and D-Von as they go through their formation in ECW, their rise to stardom in WWE, and their return after a ten-year hiatus. Get to know the Superstars behind the taped up glasses and see how The Dudleyz turned the tables on tag team wrestling. On the Wave is the first Russian surfing documentary that illustrates the beauty of surfing, both as a sport and as a life philosophy. This stunning documentary demonstrates how a person can fight their doubts and fears, unleashing their desire to break free and reconnect with nature and with the ocean. UK cage fighter and mixed martial artist Rob 'C4' Sinclair, battles to overcome a career-threatening injury in order to fulfill his dream of fighting in the USA. The Cholurpalya Strikers team dream of winning the galli cricket tournament, which they've consistently lost in the finals to the Malleswaram Rockers. Will they be able to do it when the winning stakes are at an all time high?  Based on the soccer manga of the same name by Masaya Tsunamoto and Motoki Yoshihara. Tin Soldiers is a fascinating perspective film into the world of amputees, people who have spina bifida, paralysis, and cerebral palsy, all doing adaptive sports. This film features double amputee Zach Ruhl, who is a professional crossit coach and soon to be paralympic powerlifter, WCMX rider Quinn Waitley, 3 year old adaptive athlete Abel Rose, and 4 time paralympian medalist Alana Nichols. Alana is the first person to win gold in the summer and winter Olympic games for the USA. Time is unraveling, paradoxes are everywhere, and strangers with terrifying technologies are on the hunt. A thrilling, original, ultra indie full-length sci-fi movie that is the story of Sally Biggs, an FBI agent who has the power to rewind time. Her scientist husband has disappeared mysteriously, and the closer she gets to finding him, the more dangerous her life becomes. To save the future and her loved ones, Sally must enter a battlefield she never knew existed. Fortunately, she's a 95er. Surrounded by bizarre timespace paradoxes and hunted by terrifying forces from the future, Sally must discover the earth-shattering truth behind it all before her very being fades out of reality. The short documentary 'The Odd Couple: A Story of Two Triathletes' is an inspirational tale of two triathletes, each with their own set of challenges. Jeff is a below the leg amputee and is a mentor to Parvin, who thinks that adhering to the appearance of his Sikh faith is inherently disadvantageous and holds him from competing as a triathlete. Ironically both chose their challenges - Jeff is an amputee by choice and Parvin is Sikh by choice. The movie is an attempt to bring to light Jeff and Parvin's inspiring friendship and their positive attitude to achieve their dream of being a triathlete despite their daily struggles. The film transcends cultural and demographic barriers and has a universal appeal in how we all can overcome our own challenges. Set in the 1970s, a multicultural team of Malaysian football players struggle to overcome personal and collective hardships as a team. Together they create the most triumphant zero to hero story and gain a place at the Asian Games. After the tragic death of star volleyball player Caroline "Line" Found, a team of dispirited high school girls must band together under the guidance of their tough-love coach in hopes of winning the state championship! On December 13, 1977, the plane carrying the University of Evansville men's basketball team to its game at Middle Tennessee State University crashed 90 seconds after takeoff, killing all 29 people on board. From the Ashes tells the story of the team Evansville lost that night - from its start as the university's first Division I basketball team through the school's effort to rebuild its program from the ashes of tragedy. Since 1912, baseball has been a game obsessed with statistics and speed. Thrown at upwards of 100 miles per hour, a fastball moves too quickly for human cognition and accelerates into the realm of intuition. Fastball is a look at how the game at its highest levels of achievement transcends logic and even skill, becoming the primal struggle for man to control the uncontrollable. Second Haikyuu!! recap movie.  Narrated by David Wenham (Blinky Bill, 300, Lord of the Rings, SeaChange), Holding On recounts the journey of 6 young men from Cronulla, who were united in the late 1980's by the exciting new sport of bodyboarding. From humble beginnings and overcoming much adversity, they were labelled the Skid Kids and would gain worldwide attention for their reckless, no-holds-barred approach to surfing Shark Island, a wave previously deemed unrideable. Driven by the desire to push the limits in both wave-riding and life, the Skid Kids revolutionised board design, created innovative competitions and became infamous for their wild antics both in and out of the water. A classic Australian coming of age story, Holding On features never-before-seen footage and a killer soundtrack supervised by Parkway Drive's Winston McCall. Mt. Akina's new downhill racing hero Fujiwara Takumi prepares for the final showdown against Red Sun's unbeaten leader and Akagi's fastest driver, Takahashi Ryosuke. The origin and rise of the most famous Dominican wrestler of all time, Rafael Sanchez aka Jack Veneno, and his arch-nemesis, Jose Manuel Guzman aka Relampago Hernandez. Two backyard wrestlers decide to go pro. Unfortunately for them - they suck. In 2017, the fittest athletes on Earth took on the unknown and unknowable during four of the most intense days of competition in CrossFit Games history.  "The Redeemed and the Dominant: Fittest on Earth" captures all the drama as the top athletes resembling chiseled Grecian gods descend on Madison, Wisconsin, to face a series of trials.  Hercules faced 12; they take on 13.  Emotions run high as a throng of Australian athletes rise to the top.  By the end of the competition, some learn tough lessons - that all that glitters isn't gold, or even bronze - and some learn that they're even stronger than they realized.  The best among them enter the pantheon of the CrossFit giants and earn the right to call themselves the "Fittest on Earth" This 60-minute documentary chronicles the unforgettable journey of the 2014-2015 King's Knights boys basketball team. A mid-season accident threatened to derail the Knights' quest for a state championship, but players and coaches soon found themselves intertwined in an inspiring story about more than a game.   A documentary film following the life and times of former #1 overall national basketball prospect Estaban Weaver. Competitive athletes over age 80 barnstorm the US in pursuit of a National Championship title in tennis. After serving 28 years in prison for accidentally killing the son of a crime boss, newly paroled gangster Val reunites with his former partners in crime, Doc and Hirsch, for a night on the town. As the three men revisit old haunts, reflect on their glory days and try to make up for lost time, one wrestles with a terrible quandary: Doc has orders to kill Val, and time is running out for him to figure out a way out of his dilemma. Vaapsi is New punjabi Drama Film directed By Rakesh mehta,The star cast of the Film Gulshan Grover, Asish Duggal, Dhiriti Saharan, Lakhvinder & Mandeep Kaur in pivotal roles,The film is released on 27 May 2016. The Wedge, located at the end of the Balboa Peninsula in Newport Beach, California, is a world famous, man-made beast of a wave. Awarded "Film Of The Year" at the 2014 International Freeski Film Festival, TGR's Almost Ablaze is a global odyssey combining state-of-the-art cinematography and the most progressive riding on The Planet. Experience a new level of sensory overload as each athlete is wired for sound, immersing the audience completely in the moment. Watch as athletes push the edge to realize a heightened state. "A to B Rollerski" is a documentary that covers the journey of Raimonds Dombrovskis as he rollerskis 4200 miles in 90 days across North America in 1988. This is a story about a man full of passion for the adventure that strives to reach goals despite hardship and barriers. It's about each one of us, our aspiration for freedom and adventure. At the age of 12, Janny, Lisa, Debby and Michelle leave their home for a sports school in the East German province to become wrestlers. A documentary about coming-of-age between boarding school corridors, wrestling gyms and boy band posters. A team building goes wrong. A window into the broken soul of Bruce, battling long-term depression and the culmination of events leading up to the tipping point of his bottled up shame, guilt, and self-destruction. 14-year-old basketball phenom Terron Forte has to navigate the under-the-table world of amateur athletics when he is recruited to an elite NCAA prep school. A college professor who moonlights as a forensic psychiatrist for the FBI, receives a death threat claiming he has only 88 minutes to live. Two brothers, one a popular race car driver that all the women love and the other a brilliant mechanic who makes the winning possible, become enemies when one messes with the other's girlfriend This 1979 documentary chronicles the first 64 years in the life of Arthur Miller (b. 1915), an important 20th-century American playwright, novelist and all-around man of letters. Miller also wrote several screenplays, notably for The Misfits and The Crucible. The last was based on his award-winning Broadway play. Featuring extensive interviews with Miller and clips from films based on his work, the documentary also explores his courageous stand against Senator Joseph McCarthy in the 1950s. In one of the interviews, he explains that he had developed an interest in the Salem witch trials long before the anti-communist crusader began making headlines, and he based The Crucible on the insights he gained at that time. He recalls his brief marriage to Marilyn Monroe and modestly expresses the wish to "do something really good" someday. ~ Clarke Fountain, Rovi  Joon-ho, a 11-year-old swimmer who hopes to become an Olympic medalist, has a problem; he always records 4th place at all the swimming contests that he participates in. His mom who is more enthusiastic than himself in winning is frustrated. Hearing a rumor about a competent swim coach that other moms hush about, she stalks one of the moms for his contact and manages to hire him as Joon-ho's personal coach. His records soon start to improve. But the badass coach who once was the most promising athlete on the national team before he had quit trains Joon-ho the only way he knows how; to use violence. Snub plays a rich guy who wants to impress the ladies with his virility. So he pays a tough boxer to take a dive in a staged fight, though the fight definitely does not go anything like expected. A documentary surf film that explores the lives of female surfers who have chosen to paddle head first into the male dominated sport of surfing and along the way found a place of their own. Joe Dirt is a janitor with a mullet hairdo, acid-washed jeans and a dream to find the parents that he lost at the Grand Canyon when he was a belligerent, trailer park-raised eight-year-old. Now, blasting Van Halen in his jacked-up economy car, the irrepressibly optimistic Joe hits the road alone in search of his folks. Peter Karena, his wife Colleen, their six children and many horses live almost wild in the stunning beauty of New Zealand's rugged Ruahine Mountains. Until, that is, Peter's escalating battle with his own father has profound consequences for the whole clan. Female students, including Hikari Tomonaga, from a high school cheerdance club follow strict instructions from their teacher Kaoruko Saotome. They compete at the USA Cheerdance Championship. Nineteen-year-old Danny Flynn is imprisoned for his involvement with the I.R.A. in Belfast. He leaves behind his family and his sixteen-year-old girlfriend, Maggie Hamill. Fourteen years later, Danny is released from prison and returns to his old working class neighborhood to resume his life as a boxer. The Swedish Bjorn Borg and the American John McEnroe, the best tennis players in the world, maintain a legendary duel during the 1980 Wimbledon tournament. At the Yuri!!! on Ice Concert held on Sunday, it was announced that the previously announced movie will be titled Ice Adolescence and will premiere in 2019. Plot is currently unknown. North Carolina mountains at the end of the 1920s - George and Serena Pemberton, love-struck newly-weds, begin to build a timber empire. Serena soon proves herself to be equal to any man: overseeing loggers, hunting rattle-snakes, even saving a man's life in the wilderness. With power and influence now in their hands, the Pembertons refuse to let anyone stand in the way of their inflated love and ambitions. However, once Serena discovers George's hidden past and faces an unchangeable fate of her own, the Pemberton's passionate marriage begins to unravel leading toward a dramatic reckoning. A bright, talented and lonely long-distance runner twists her ankle as she prepares for the Olympic Trials and must do something she's never done before: take a day off. College student Beca knows she does not want to be part of a clique, but that's exactly where she finds herself after arriving at her new school. Thrust in among mean gals, nice gals and just plain weird gals, Beca finds that the only thing they have in common is how well they sing together. She takes the women of the group out of their comfort zone of traditional arrangements and into a world of amazing harmonic combinations in a fight to the top of college music competitions. Forced to play a dangerous game of cat-and-mouse in the chaos of war, an elite Army bomb squad unit must come together in a city where everyone is a potential enemy and every object could be a deadly bomb. The inspiring account on international bodyboarding star Luz 'Loly' Grande - a young woman on a personal mission to make bodyboarding a means to improve the lives of disadvantaged children in Puerto Rico, Argentina, Brazil, and Peru. "On The Map" tells the story of '77 team, the one that brought the first European Cup to Israel and became "The Team of the Nation" Still demoralized after the 1973 Yom Kippur War, Israel was hungry for a collective uplifting event. "On The Map", a fast-moving, emotional and awe-inspiring documentary, recounts the story of how one Tel Aviv team no one thought could win toppled the four-time defending European Champions and put Israel firmly on the map. Featuring interviews with the Jewish American athletes who made history, "On the Map" combines the pulsepounding action of a high-stakes game with an incendiary political situation at the height of the Cold War to deliver a film that honors Israeli heroes, mesmerizes fans of the game and captures the spirit of a nation triumphant and victorious against all odds.  Yukina Toriyama (Tao Tsuchiya) enters a university of science after prepping for one year for her entrance exam. At first, she is shocked by the atmosphere at her school. She becomes attracted to senior student Kei (Mahiro Takasugi). Due to Kei, Yukina joins the "human powered flight" club. The club targets the "Tori Ningen Contest." Yukina wants to partner with Kei to fly in the sky, but she is partnered with Sakaba (Shotaro Mamiya) whom she does not like. MATTHEWS tells the incredible true story of the life and career of a man considered by many to be the greatest soccer player of all time, Sir Stanley Matthews.  At a time of round-the-clock curfews, government surveillance and streets littered with the bodies of "anti-revolutionaries," Adugna struggles to maintain some normality and train his football team. When the team's rising stars are put under surveillance, Adugna's wife pleads with him to quit his passion and conform, but he knows this would mean forcible recruitment into the government-approved security force. Based on the book by sports journalist Genene Mekuria, the film depicts one of Ethiopia's darkest moments and uses football as a beacon of hope and distraction from the impounding fear of the Qey Shibir (Red Terror) of 1977-78. Budhia Singh - Born To Run is an upcoming 2016 Indian biographical sports film directed by Soumendra Padhi. It is based on Budhia Singh, who ran 48 marathons -- one of which was from Bhubaneshwar to Puri, when he was a five-year-old. Adventure. Challenge. The simple joy of riding the wind. The best kiteboard riders each have their own reasons for pursuing their sport to its uttermost limits, but they're united in revealing its breathtaking beauty to the world. In 1975 Dynamo Kiev became the first Soviet team to win a major European trophy. The team's rapid rise was remarkable and attributed to one man: Valeri Vasilievich Lobanovskyi. His technique as a manager is now the stuff of folklore - not least for his imposing a fitness regime so brutal that his players looked upon the matches themselves as relaxing. Tim is a bit of a loner. At school he gravitates towards another shy boy and they become friends. But the verbal and physical bullying by a gang of kids, as well as an aggressive use of social media, unsettle Tim's new mate and he backs away from him - an act of cowardice which will have serious repercussions. As a result of Tim's unwillingness to snitch, the bullies appear to get away with their actions, none more so than the gang's leader Jeff. He's one of the school's star athletes, who seems guaranteed a place in the national championships with an 800m time of 1.54 minutes. When Tim decides to start training in order to go up against Jeff, even having a girlfriend as cover, his enemies seem willing to go to any lengths to stop him. In 1983 two young racing drivers where fighting for supremacy in the British Formula 3 series. Winning the championship would guarantee them a place in Formula 1 for the next year. It was a time when junior formula racing was still simple and raw; a time when the driver was in charge of winning. Action Figures is the directorial debut of Travis Pastrana, Nitro Circus founder and 17-time X Game medalist, a film he wrote, directed, and produced alongside his best friends from the world of action sports and in association with Nitro Circus. "The Girl on the Mat" is a sports drama about Hayden, a high school female wrestler poised to be the champion of her state as she struggles with her Mother's health and her team-mate's abusive behavior. Uncharted Waters is a feature-length documentary about Australian surfing legend, Wayne Lynch. It traces his upbringing in the seaside town of Lorne on Victoria's South-Western coast and his turbulent experiences as a 'conscientious objector' on the run from conscription and the Vietnam war. Ultimately it is about an extremely gifted individual with an intense connection to the Southern Ocean, whose approach to surfing has been a spiritual journey, often putting him at odds with the surfing sub-culture and society in general. College student Beca knows she does not want to be part of a clique, but that's exactly where she finds herself after arriving at her new school. Thrust in among mean gals, nice gals and just plain weird gals, Beca finds that the only thing they have in common is how well they sing together. She takes the women of the group out of their comfort zone of traditional arrangements and into a world of amazing harmonic combinations in a fight to the top of college music competitions. Five men go for the gold as members of Korea national ski jumping team. In a hospital on the outskirts of 1920s Los Angeles, an injured stuntman begins to tell a fellow patient, a little girl with a broken arm, a fantastic story about 5 mythical heroes. Thanks to his fractured state of mind and her vivid imagination, the line between fiction and reality starts to blur as the tale advances.  The story of Guido Mancini. Sprinter tells the story of Akeem Sharp who is set to be Jamaica's next big track-and-field sensation. Akeem hopes to rise in the track and field world will take him to the U.S. to reunite him with his mother who has supported the family while living as an illegal resident for over a decade. But Akeem's rising star is weighed down by turmoil at home: a volatile father, and an unruly older brother who insinuates himself into Akeem's career as a means of escaping - or perhaps enhancing - his scam artist hustle. Not only does Akeem have to prove to himself and everyone that he can succeed, but also overcome the struggles that may ultimately bring him down. Documentary about the punk began in Rio de Janeiro, the first punk band: Coquetel Molotov.  The band Coquetel Molotov came in 1981 in Rio de Janeiro, in the suburbs, in the neighborhood of Meier, most of the members were students and skaters the Campo Grande rink and Tatu and Lucio Flavio as members, some time later, both conquer the national and international championships skate. Two other components were Cesar and Omar Nine.  The Brazil was at that time a critical political situation and undefined, with many social changes; Punk came as a cry for freedom among young people with no future prospects, the periphery, the suburbs, the megalopolis, against a crushing system with huge social differences, the motto of the youth of that time was the "Do It Yourself". The Young Bucks, Nick and Matt Jackson, are quite possibly the best tag team in the world today. Wrestling fans have seen them in big marquee matches around the world. Now for the first time ever you will get a glimpse into the Young Bucks physical and emotional journey to one of those marquee match ups as the Film Maker, James Franck, follows them to New York to wrestle The Hardy Boys.  This documentary explores how personally important this match is to Nick and Matt because The Hardy Boys were the tag team that inspired them to be who they are today. Also, in this piece you will get to see the less than glamorous side of independent pro wrestling and how deeply committed Nick and Matt are to their craft but more importantly their family.  So, sit back and enjoy this very rare in depth look into The Young Bucks physical and emotional journey to one of the biggest matches of their lives. A journey that was, 2 Sweet!  Documentary run-time approx 90-minutes. Award-winning Canadian documentarian Hubert Davis chronicles the inspirational work of Giants of Africa, a program founded by Toronto Raptors GM Masai Ujiri that uses basketball to educate and enrich the lives of underprivileged African youth. A debt collector becomes a major sensation when he takes on the rich man's sport of golfing. American Ultra is a fast-paced action comedy about Mike, a seemingly hapless and unmotivated stoner whose small-town life with his live-in girlfriend, Phoebe, is suddenly turned upside down.  Unbeknownst to him, Mike is actually a highly trained, lethal sleeper agent. In the blink of an eye, as his secret past comes back to haunt him, Mike is thrust into the middle of a deadly government operation and is forced to summon his inner action-hero in order to survive. Indonesia 1988. The world prepares for the 24th Olympics in Seoul. Indonesian archery is in a critical point. It needs a coach who can prepare women archery team in a short time. The only thing that can be relied upon to is Donald Pandiangan (Reza Rahardian), but Donald had long disappeared. In 1980 while trying to follow the Moscow Olympics, he was canceled for political reasons. Now he lives far from archery. Besides the coach, the team must also be filled from the three best female athletes. They are Nurfitriyana (Bunga Citra Lestari), Lilies (Chelsea Islan) and Kusuma (Tara Basro). While everyone knows the migration of wildebeest in east Africa, few have paid attention to their predecessors in this long journey: the zebras. Hundreds of thousands of zebras mark the vanguard of the greater movement of ungulates of the African continent, crossing the legendary Mara and  facing terrible dangers. Through two adventures we will know the lights and shadows of this extraordinary journey. The dangers they will face will be just the preamble to major threats, threats that face all species in an ecosystem with a very fragile balance that year after year is dangerously close to destruction When Nick is fired from his high-powered investment firm at Christmastime, he takes a job at a Christmas tree lot. There, he meets Julie, an astronomy teacher who's always looked to the stars for hope. As the Christmas spirit washes over him--and he begins falling for Julie--the once self-centered Nick discovers the joy of helping others. A documentary about normal people addressing global problems of hunger and poverty. Trainer Oronzo Cana is called to manage Longobarda, the team of a small town of Northern Italy, when it's promoted to the First Division. His only task is not to go back to the Second Division, but even the team's owner plays against Longobarda since the First Division is too expensive, and the young Brazilian player bought for the team is affected by deep 'saudade'. Written by Alessio F. Bragadini 'Rise of the Sufferfests' is the first feature documentary about the global obstacle race phenomenon. A documentary on the Brazilian volleyball program. Four brave women set out to row across the Pacific Ocean from America to Australia. Bored with Bollywood movies but fascinated with their Hollywood counterparts from his youth, Ram dreams to become a singer and actor in America, the country where dreams are made. He is encouraged when his American-based close friend, Vijay Rao, comes for visit, and brags about driving a Mercedes and living in a penthouse. A sheriff tries to save unsuspecting townspeople, including his estranged wife and young daughter, from a deadly swarm. Story follows high school student Saki Miyanaga and her classmates as they become absorbed in the game of mahjong. They target an upcoming national competition. Carter never left his sleepy, suburban, NYC commuter-community after finishing High School. When his friends finish college and return home for a brief visit before starting their adult lives, he is spurred to action. He cashes in his unused college fund, packs a suitcase, and leaves home determined but without direction. Ronnie Peterson nicknamed "Superswede" was the fastest formula 1-driver in the 70s who never became a world champion. Life for the residents of a tower block begins to run out of control. Hardened by years in foster care, a teenage girl from Brooklyn's Brownsville neighborhood decides that wrestling boys is the only way back to her estranged father. Two parallel tales of redemption, a century apart. In the New York storyline, Edge hunts for Angela's gold to pay back a debt, and gradually grows closer to her. In the Macedonian story, the brothers end up fighting for opposite sides of a revolution, with the religious Elijah taking up sides with the Ottoman sultan and gunslinger Luke joining "the Teacher" , a Macedonian rebel. A Shot in the Dark is the second and more successful film from the Pink Panther film series where both animated and real life sequences are mixed. A cult classic from Blake Edwards based on the play L'Idiot by Marcel Achard and Harry Kurnitz. The film Supervention addresses all aspects of modern free-skiing. The company behind the film has previously won numerous awards within the genre and we meet amazing riders usually not on film, Aksel Lund Svindal and Terje Haakonsen. A professional wrestler, Chace "Cauliflower" Brown brings a new perspective to the art and craft of wrestling. His musings about this oft-derided sport embrace interesting narratives that unfold between opponents in the ring and not on a page, elevating this sport to art. The NPF, a women's professional softball league that few know exists, has spent decades struggling for survival in a male-dominated sports world. Its players are forced to choose between their livelihood and their dreams, and this year they've been given another chance. In 1971 Salford fish-and-chip shop owner George Khan expects his family to follow his strict Pakistani Muslim ways. But his children, with an English mother and having been born and brought up in Britain, increasingly see themselves as British and start to reject their father's rules on dress, food, religion, and living in general.  When loser Marvin Mange is involved in a horrible car accident, he's brought back to life by a deranged scientist as half man and half animal. His newfound powers are awesome -- but their adverse side effects could take over his life. Now, Marvin must fight to control his crazy primal urges around his new squeeze, Rianna, and his rival, Sgt. Sisk, who both think he's one cool cat. The inspiring story of a young Indian Muslim woman who trades her burka for dreams of playing on the Mumbai Senior Women's Cricket Team and how the harsh realities for women in her country creates an unexpected outcome for her own family, ultimately shattering and fueling aspirations. "Palmeiras - Champion of the Century" brings memories of the club since its founding in 1914, through the first title, the Campeonato Paulista 1920, until the conquest of Brazil's Cup in 2015. In addition to the moments of glory of the eternal "Champion of the Twentieth Century", the production also recalls the events that further strengthened the "Alviverde Majestic". Harry J. Lennix stars as trailblazing and controversial African-American congressman and Civil Rights activist Adam Clayton Powell Jr., who started out as a preacher in Harlem and then went on to deal with such issues as the integration of schools in the 1940s and '50s. Vanessa Williams portrays his second wife, jazz singer Hazel Scott. Two nine-year-old boys from sunny Venice California set off on a mission to cross Los Angeles on skateboards at night in an attempt to reach the Staples Center by 8am the next morning for a survival contest. Harry J. Lennix stars as trailblazing and controversial African-American congressman and Civil Rights activist Adam Clayton Powell Jr., who started out as a preacher in Harlem and then went on to deal with such issues as the integration of schools in the 1940s and '50s. Vanessa Williams portrays his second wife, jazz singer Hazel Scott.  Though Kevin has evidenced 23 personalities to his trusted psychiatrist, Dr. Fletcher, there remains one still submerged who is set to materialize and dominate all the others. Compelled to abduct three teenage girls led by the willful, observant Casey, Kevin reaches a war for survival among all of those contained within him -- as well as everyone around him -- as the walls between his compartments shatter apart. In 1962, a U.S. soldier sent to guard the peace in South Korea deserted his unit, walked across the most heavily fortified area on earth and defected to the Cold War enemy, the communist state of North Korea. He became a star of the North Korean propaganda machine, but then disappeared from the face of the earth. Now, after 45 years, the story of James Dresnok, the last American defector in North Korea, is being told for the first time. Crossing the Line follows Dresnok as he recalls his childhood, desertion, and life in the DPRK. When undercover FBI agent Kevin Hawkins agrees to infiltrate the ruthless underground world of choppers, he is quickly thrown into a world of fast cars and high stakes. Pitted between a ruthless crime boss and cutthroat gangsters with a penchant for murder Hawkins must risk everything in the most deadly race of his life. Staring down into the depths of the mighty Zambezi River from atop the world's largest waterfall, the Victoria Falls, world-class divers Orlando Duque and Jonathan Paredes prepare for the most challenging dive of their lives. Against the backdrop of Ireland's stunning west coast, this film digs deep into the day to day lives of the surf community, taking the audience beyond the bluster of the typical adrenaline fueled film to create a very real portrait of those who choose the surf lifestyle. Kenny Wells, a modern-day prospector, hustler, and dreamer, is desperate for a lucky break. Left with few options, Wells teams up with an equally luckless geologist to execute a grandiose, last-ditch effort: to find gold deep in the uncharted jungle of Indonesia. The human city of Zion defends itself against the massive invasion of the machines as Neo fights to end the war at another front while also opposing the rogue Agent Smith. In the valleys of the Triqui region lives a group of indigenous kids that have been winning basketball championships all over the world occupying minutes in the TV news and becoming the hope for their people. It was after an unexpected meeting with the triqui children, when Professor Sergio felt the need of helping such a marginalized and forgotten society. After 4 years, he came back to the region as head coach and the ideologist of this development program. A visceral journey through the unseen and unknown world of big wave surf adventurer Frank James Solomon, an intercontinental clandestine investigation blurring the lines between myth, legend and reality. In a rustic village in Kerala, a group of old wrestling aficionados led by "Captain" Das is at odds with the youth of the village who are more into cricket. Though a former wrestler himself,  the Captain's son Anjaneya is also part of the cricketer gang. Anjaneya is forced to go to college in Punjab by his father and there his paths cross with a Punjabi girl Aditi  who's coincidentally also a wrestler. Due to unforeseen circumstances both of them end up returning to Anjaneya's village in Kerala. REEL ROCK cranks it up to 11 with our latest collection of electrifying climbing films showcasing the sport's biggest stories and athletes. Featuring Ashima Shiraishi, Will Stanhope, Matt Segal, Brette Harrington, Kai Lightner, Mike Libecki and the Wild Bunch. The incredible journey of an Argentinean tennis player, going from the humility of their country, reaching the top of the world. The world's favorite dirtbike film series returns in 2016 with MOTO 8. Once again bringing the greatest riders in the game to the most epic locations, MOTO 8 gives viewers the most badass visual moto experience ever seen. From the biggest tracks in the world, to going 100+mph through the Australian outback, MOTO 8 continues the progression of filmmaking in the two-wheel world. It's the roots of motocross, portrayed in the modern era:  wide open throttles and massive jumps combined with helicopters and 4K cameras.  A high school graduate, Yusuf could not pass the university entrance exam. Writing poetry is his greatest passion and some of his poems are being printed in various obscure literary journals. But neither these poems, nor the rapidly falling price of the milk they sell, are being of any benefit to Yusuf and Zehra's lives. When Yusuf finds out about Zehra's secret affair with the town's stationmaster he gets disconcerted. Will he find the way to cope with his anxiety for the unknown future, the rapid change that he is going through and the pain of taking a step into adulthood and leaving his youth behind A man who has a body almost completely covered in tattoos is searching for the woman who cursed him with the "skin illustrations". Each tattoo reveals a bizarre story, which is experienced by staring at the scene depicted. When the illustrated man meets a fellow tramp on the road a strange voyage begins. The popular rise of darts is charted in this pin-sharp documentary that follows the trajectory of arrows from local pub to beer-soaked arena. Featuring archive footage, behind-the-scenes access and interviews with current darting personalities such as Michael van Gerwen, Gary Anderson and Raymond van Barneveld, the film traces the sport's evolution from humble beginnings through to the glamorous heyday of the 1980s and on into the lucrative professional era. Telling the incredible life story of one of Britain's most successful athletes and arguably our country's greatest ever Olympian, Mo Farah opens the doors to his home and gives us a personal insight into his life, enabling us to see a side of him never seen before. Join Mo, his family, and his team in the build up to and throughout the Rio Olympic Games, looking back over his career and remarkable personal journey from Somalia to four-time GB Olympic Champion. Mo reflects on the most memorable, emotional and impactful moments of his life, with contributions from his closest family, friends and sporting peers including Usain Bolt, Thierry Henry, Lord Sebastian Coe, Halie Gebreselassie, Alberto Salazar and Tania Farrah. This documentary takes a raw and introspective look into the world of Functional Fitness, illustrating what this growing trend is all about. Functional Fitness follows the stories of gym owners, athletes, and those just beginning their fitness journey. An inspiring film that explores how this fitness phenomenon has enhanced the lives of so many people. The Chennai Sharks XI team goes to Theni for the marriage of their teammate Ragu, and get into a tiff with the local team that becomes a threat to the wedding. Young Felix grows up as an inside spectator at cycling races, a bizarre environment where violence and drugs seem to reign. Following his father's footsteps, Felix discovers that his body is not made for the game. Pro wrestling legend Steve Austin stars as a man with no name, no memory and absolutely nothing left to lose. But when he finds himself hunted by both the FBI and the Russian mob, this amnesiac decides to fight back. Pursuit cannot stop him. Torture will not break him. And with every beating, bullet and betrayal, he'll remember another piece of the horror that took away his career, his family and his identity. Now the puzzle is nearly complete, and one man is about to take back his past...by ending a whole lot of futures. Erica Cerra ("Eureka") and Adam Beach (Flags of Our Fathers) star in this explosive action-thriller about collateral damage, stone cold vengeance, and a double-crossed killing machine known only as The Stranger While investigating the furtive world of illegal doping in sports, director Bryan Fogel connects with renegade Russian scientist Dr. Grigory Rodchenkov--a pillar of his country's "anti-doping" program. Over dozens of Skype calls, urine samples, and badly administered hormone injections, Fogel and Rodchenkov grow closer despite shocking allegations that place Rodchenkov at the center of Russia's state-sponsored Olympic doping program. Inside Qatar's labor camps, African and Asian migrant workers building the facilities of the 2022 World Cup compete in a football tournament of their own. This is the remarkable story of an American icon who changed the sport of big wave surfing forever. Transcending the surf genre, this in-depth portrait of a hard-charging athlete explores the fear, courage and ambition that push a man to greatness--and the cost that comes with it. Between personal obligations and training for his next big fight against an opponent with ties to his family's past, Adonis Creed is up against the challenge of his life. There are few places on earth as intimately tied to historic feats of strength as the Highlands of Scotland. Lifting stones, formed over centuries by wind and river erosion, can be found all over Scotland - each with its own history and local lore. Documentary about a young soccer team skilled in Shaolin kung fu. Tian Dong visits its young members at their sports school, and talks to them about their everyday lives and dreams. In doing so he paints an unsettling picture of China's political situation. Planet Earth is a devastated wasteland, and what's left of humanity has colonized the Moon in domed cities. Humanity's continued survival depends on an anti-radiation drug only available on planet Delta Three, which has been taken over by Omus, a brilliant but mad mechanic who places no value on human life. Omus wants to come to the Moon to rule and intends to attack it by ramming robot-controlled spaceships into the domes. Dr. John Caball, his son Jason, Jason's friend, Kim, and a robot named Sparks embark on Caball's space battlecruiser on an unauthorized mission to Delta Three to stop Omus. Gnothi Seauton (know thyself) is a feature documentary about a Croatian brother and sister skiers who, in spite of coming from poverty in a country with no snow, set out to become Olympic skiing champions. Together have won 10 Olympic medals. Their struggle to win and overcome injuries makes this story full of sacrifice, courage and fantastic success.  Matvey: a simple guy from a small province. What differentiates him from others are his physical attributes such as his strong legs, powerful lungs and an incredible endurance. He uses these talents to help his team win football matches but also takes advantage of his skills when it comes to small criminal adventures. This worries Dasha, his girlfriend, who tries to endlessly protect Matvey, whilst her friends are hopelessly attempting to persuade her to leave. After all, there are better options out there... Especially Vadim. Suddenly, Matvey receives an incredible offer:  to go audition for a Premier League football club in Moscow. Not wanting to leave Dasha behind, he realizes he needs to obtain money for them to travel together. One of the most fearless and accomplished athletes of her generation, Bethany Hamilton became a surfing wunderkind when she returned to the sport following a devastating shark attack at age 13. As she continues to chase waves she also now tackles motherhood. Small-town boy Shawn MacArthur has come to New York City with nothing. Barely earning a living selling counterfeit goods on the streets, his luck changes when scam artist Harvey Boarden sees that he has a natural talent for streetfighting. When Harvey offers Shawn help at making the real cash, the two form an uneasy partnership. The team members of the near-bankrupt Chinese Football Victory Club try anything to raise money they need in order to save their club. MSP is proud to bring you the most eagerly awaited ski film of the last two decades. "SUPERHEROES OF STOKE" celebrates MSP's heritage and 20 years of skiing progression, showcasing icons of the sport and honoring the moments that helped define modern freeskiing. This awe-inspiring new film takes a captivating look at the past, present, and future of freeskiing through comprehensive storytelling and engaging first-person perspectives from those who helped change the game. Throughout the film, MSP honors the heroes who have emerged over the years and pays tribute to the heroes who have been lost. "SUPERHEROES OF STOKE" showcases incredible new action from all corners of the globe, encompassing overhead powder at Chatter Creek, massive spine walls in Alaska's Tordrillo Mountains, pillow lines and tree jibs in Japan, and massive man-made features at Whistler and Alyeska. A returning missionary recounts his experiences of sharing the gospel. Portrays what it is like to be a missionary. Excellent tool for encouraging young men to prepare themselves for missionary service. Stephane and Alizee, two rock-climbers looking for a breakthrough, spend their winter in Catalonia--the perfect place for climbing hard. Their projects lie in the sector called "El Pati" (the playground). Success, more than a physical achievement, seems to be a state of mind. A group of patients coming from many mental health departments throughout Italy, a psychiatrist (Dr. Santo Rullo) as sports director, a former five-a-side football player (Enrico Zanchini) as coach and a world boxing champion (Vincenzo Cantatore) as athletic trainer. These are the protagonists of Crazy for Football, a documentary by Volfango De Biasi on the first Italian national five-a-side team participating the world cup for psychiatric patients in Osaka, a trip from Italy to Japan. Two Italians are on holiday in Aspen in Colorado. The first one is Lorenzo whose daughter is crazy about Luke Perry (Beverly Hills 90210 actor) and wants to meet him at all costs. The second one wants to win back his wife who has left him because of his gambling problem. Professional yo-yoer Jonathan Best (AKA Doctor B) returns to one of the largest yo-yo championships in America, meeting and competing against a younger generation. Henry Butler (Steve Guttenberg) is a professional athlete with a little Pete Rose in him. His athletic interests go beyond the playing field and into the gambling dens. Convicted for his addiction, the soccer player is assigned to community service at a children's home as a condition of his parole. The home attempts to exploit his soccer skills by forming a team. Butler takes no interest, though, until the home burns down and the team begins playing for their homes instead of personal pride or a payoff. Bored with his sex life, a man tries to convince his wife to swap partners. It is the story of a boxer names shibaji. Who was a hero and inspiration for every indian but suddenly he falls down and everyone forgets him. The film is about how he rises up again. 15-year-old Mike takes a job at the local swimming baths, where he becomes obsessed with an attractive young woman, Susan, who works there as an attendant. Although Susan has a fiance, Mike does his best to sabotage the relationship, to the extent of stalking both her and her fiance. Pro skier Fabian Lentsch is a wanderer, through and through. In a customized fire truck, he sets off on an expedition to explore the peaks of the Middle East. With a rotating group of wildly different skiers, they wind up on the tour of a lifetime. Northern Ireland's legendary star remains one of the most naturally gifted footballers there has ever been. Asahi Tojima (Nanase Nishino) is a first grade high school student. She is small and weak physically. Asahi Tojima decides to change herself. She enrolls in the naginata (Japanese blade) club at her school. She works hard with the other club members and targets the national competition. In the world of Arabian horse racing, there's a one name that everyone knows, "Amer" the desert bred stallion who almost single handedly placed Qatar as the top of the sport. First of three compilation films of Kuroko no Basket. Documentary focusing on the wales national football team and their first Major Tournament since 1958 at the Euro's 2016 in France. going beyond expectations and reaching the Semi Final, Making a Country Proud The vice president is dead, and as the president makes his choice for a replacement, a secret contest of wills is being waged by a formidable rival. When Senator Laine Hanson is nominated as the first woman in history to hold the office, hidden agendas explode into a battle for power. The untold story of the summer of 2003 at Baylor University that exposes the attempted cover-up, and the corruption that became the most bizarre scandal in college sports history. Documentary revisiting the '76 Hoosiers and renowned coach Bobby Knight, who led his Indiana team to a perfect 32-0 season and a national championship. This isn't a hero's journey. Chicago's resident comedy-practicing jerk, Joe, is unexpectedly transferred to small town Triumph, IL, home of the world's oldest curling club - and not much else. Thanks to a little tough love, the end of a bad relationship, strange encounters with Illinois' eccentrics and plenty of cheap beer, Joe becomes slightly more tolerable.  A small-time thief and a car driver collude with an artist to steal the gold hoarded by a jeweller, taking advantage of the curfew implemented in their village. A one-sided examination of the rise, fall and return of the wrestler who had been known as the "Babe Ruth of wrestling." In 2010, Hulk Hogan made what was perhaps the hardest decision of his life: should he return to the wrestling ring? All-time racing legend Dave Molyneux goes head to head with 7x World Champion Tim Reeves in this unique fly-on-the-wall cinematic documentary exploring the human story behind the world's deadliest race. When it`s cold outside, it gets hot at the skicenter. When Dustin's girlfriend, Alexis, breaks up with him, he employs his best buddy, Tank, to take her out on the worst rebound date imaginable in the hopes that it will send her running back into his arms. But when Tank begins to really fall for Alexis, he finds himself in an impossible position. The documentary centers around four young, ambitious women living a highly disciplined and structured life to achieve the desired Bikini Fitness competition body. For these women their body is a subject of constant observation and reflection. It is to be controlled, changed, modified and constructed. And finally, the gaze of an external observer - that of a coach and a judge - will determine when that well-crafted figure is complete and whose is the best. Shortly after the Inter-High of Kagami and Kuroko's second-year, a street basketball team from the USA called Team Jabberwock came to Japan to play a friendly match against a Japanese college-level street basketball team, Team Strky. Despite their best efforts, Strky is brutally crushed by Jabberwock. After the match, the Jabberwock players insult the players from Strky and all of Japanese basketball, claiming Strky's basketball was at the same level as monkeys and telling the players and crowds to quit playing basketball and kill themselves.  As a revenge match, Kagetora assembles a dream team of all members of Generation of Miracles plus Kuroko Tetsuya and Kagami Taiga, along with bench players Hyuga Junpei, Takao Kazunari, and Wakamatsu Kosuke, forming Team Vorpal Swords, with the hopes of reclaiming the pride of Japanese basketball. Every summer, when the major football teams fly their star athletes to training grounds in expensive and sunny locations, some other players meet on a football field in Duisburg. Even though there are professional footballers, they are all unemployed. And they look desperately for a job. "The Other Fields" sheds a new and completely different light on the mythologies of contemporary football. While some may think that "bling-bling" and "glitz" is all there is to modern football, Marco Kugel's and Simon Quack's film shows the intricate economic and moral complexities behind the facade of entertainment. Dreams only last a season or two. Hero Steps is a heartrending drama about triumph in the face of seemingly insurmountable adversity. If little Eduardo can follow his dreams, then surely there's hope for all of us. Based on true events. In 1980s Poland, Jerzy Gorski is a young man who finds the determination to struggle against his drug addiction through athletic training, with the aim of competing in the US Ironman Triathlon. A high school teacher who is wrestling with a financial crisis dreams up a get-rich-quick scheme involving streakers and illegal sports betting. The story follows Carol Danvers as she becomes one of the universe's most powerful heroes when Earth is caught in the middle of a galactic war between two alien races. Set in the 1990s, Captain Marvel is an all-new adventure from a previously unseen period in the history of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. In 1955, when racial segregation defined the South, two groups of twelve-year-old boys stepped onto a baseball field in a non-violent act of cultural defiance that would change the course of history. The story of Calichin Delgado, a football player who showed true talent in the start of his carrera, but due to a poor lifestyle and been close to retirement, is summoned to play in a second division team in the deep roots of Peru. A teacher plays a mental game with some of his students. Based on a true story. William Rockman, a champion "Terminal Combat" fighter who retired from the sport after accidentally killing a young man while training. Five years after his retirement, Terminal Combat has been banned by the government and has gone underground. The "new" Terminal Combat is just that; one combatant in each match usually does not live to tell about the experience. When Rockman's younger brother is killed in one of the underground matches by his old rival, the King, Rockman enters the tournament to exact revenge on the King, not knowing that the King and his wife, Daria, have been enslaved by Max Brito, the tournament's greedy promoter. First part of Free!: Timeless Medley Second part of Free!: Timeless Medley The story of real life Costa Rican goalkeeper Keylor Navas, from his humble beginnings in his home town to his rise to greatness as an elite soccer player. Siddarth is a college drop-out struggling to find a proper job. Though he has a passion in running, he has lost the will to live his life. The twisted hand of destiny has filled his journey with hardships and surprises. In order to improve his lifestyle, he works hard to overcome his misery and lead a better life. Documentary about a famous Brazilian footballer who never touched a ball. Sakura Genesis 2017 was a professional wrestling event promoted by New Japan Pro Wrestling (NJPW), which took place on April 9, 2017, in Tokyo at Ryogoku Kokugikan. The event featured nine matches (in addition to one dark match), main evented by 2017 New Japan Cup winner Katsuyori Shibata challenging Kazuchika Okada for the IWGP Heavyweight Championship. In this sword and sandal fantasy, Poseidon must battle a gladiator quartet in ancient Rome. If he wins, the son of Hercules will have his life and anything else he wants. Sure enough, he wins and asks that the life of a Christian girl be spared. But the girl refuses her liberty until all of her fellow believers are also released. King Arthur, accompanied by his squire, recruits his Knights of the Round Table, including Sir Bedevere the Wise, Sir Lancelot the Brave, Sir Robin the Not-Quite-So-Brave-As-Sir-Lancelot and Sir Galahad the Pure. On the way, Arthur battles the Black Knight who, despite having had all his limbs chopped off, insists he can still fight. They reach Camelot, but Arthur decides not  to enter, as "it is a silly place". 01. Intro Alicia's Prayer (A Capella) [1:11]  02. Karma [2:10]  03. Heartburn [3:03]  04. A Woman's Worth [3:30]  05. Unbreakable [4:34]  06. How Come You Don't Call Me [5:23]  07. If I Was Your Woman [4:04]  08. If I Ain't Got You [4:06]  09. Every Little Bit Hurts [4:01]  10. Streets Of New York (City Life) [7:35]  11. Wild Horses (Featuring Adam Levine) [6:04]  12. Diary [5:33]  13. You Don't Know My Name [3:35]  14. Stolen Moments [5:14]  15. Fallin' [5:10]  16. Love It Or Leave It Alone (Featuring Mos Def and Common)/Welcome To Jamrock (Featuring Damian Marley, Mos Def, Common and friends) [9:20] The definitive portrait of one of sport's most inspirational, influential figures - whose legacy lives on far beyond the football field. What is it like to witness a virtuosic riding performance by rising stars Eli Tomac or Ken Roczen? When Ricky Carmichael or Andrew Short rip apart their private tracks, what are the rest of us missing? What continues to feed the competitive fires inside multi-time champions like Chad Reed or Ryan Dungey? How is it that Kurt Caselli is comfortable going over 100mph on two wheels through the unchartered desert? Is it competitive drive or pure natural talent that allows Taddy Blazusiak to decimate his competition? How does Taylor Robert navigate his way through a dream-like, Jurrasic-sized motocross track built within a vineyard? This year we dug deep to find what pushes the top riders to keep elevating this amazing sport we love. Welcome to the next level of evolution of the most progressive motocross film series of all time, Moto 4: The Movie. When the little haberdasher Arras discovers she's won 18 million in the lottery and can now afford anything she wants, she has only one fear: losing the small joys of life made simple it cherishes above all. But fate is obstinate, and this is giving too long this good fortune will trigger it, despite herself, a hurricane that will change everything. Everything except her. Blood Road follows the journey of ultra-endurance mountain bike athlete Rebecca Rusch and her Vietnamese riding partner, Huyen Nguyen, as they pedal 1,200 miles along the infamous Ho Chi Minh Trail through the dense jungles of Vietnam, Laos, and Cambodia. Their goal: to reach the site where Rebecca's father, a U.S. Air Force pilot, was shot down in Laos more than 40 years earlier.  Every player in the NHL dreams of winning a championship and having the honor of their name engraved on hockey's most prestigious trophy. Here are the stories of those, legends and the lesser known, who achieved the ultimate goal in the sport. As the head coach of the Michigan Warriors AAU basketball team, Dylan Baxter, finds himself at a perpetual cross-roads as he strives to take his team to the national championship. This sports documentary tells the  story of the Williams Formula 1 team founded by the legendary Sir Frank Williams An unscrupulous boxer fights his way to the top, but eventually alienates all of the people who helped him on the way up. Mario and Luigi, plumbers from Brooklyn, find themselves in an alternate universe where evolved dinosaurs live in hi-tech squalor. They're the only hope to save our universe from invasion by the dino dictator, Koopa. Flin Flon is located nearly 1000 kilometers north of the US border in Northern Manitoba. The small, Canadian mining community is also the only city in the world to be named after a science fiction character: Josiah Flintabbatey Flonatin from 'The Sunless City.' 'Flin Flon: A Hockey Town' explores the town's eccentric obsession with its legendary junior hockey team, The Flin Flon Bombers and how the team and the community support one another. Dominion 6.11 in Osaka-jo Hall was a professional wrestling event promoted by New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW). The event took place on June 11, 2017, in Osaka, Osaka, at the Osaka-jo Hall and was the ninth event under the Dominion name and third in a row to take place at the Osaka-jo Hall. When Destiny, captain of three-time national champions "The Rebels," is challenged to a global cheer showdown by an edgy new team called "The Truth," the Cheer Goddess organizes a virtual battle for squads from all around the world. It seems like the whole world wants to take down Destiny and her team, and they just might succeed, unless Destiny can rise to the challenge, set her ego aside and figure out who her real friends are. In a race against time and all odds, the revolutionary F1 racing car Ferrari 312B will get back on the Monaco circuit, 46 years later, under the wing of it's creator, the genius engineer Mauro Forghieri. United by their renegade spirit and a determination to win against substantial odds, these riders take on the international circuit. The film offers unique insights into the first five years of their journey, bearing witness to the ethos of the team as embodied by all - from the strongest to most embattled members. Out of a culture that embraces a deeply human approach to sport, unlikely champions are born, and seemingly improbable team and personal goals are achieved. For the last two years, Fairclough and Porter have traveled to every inhabited continent on the planet with a simple goal: to show the world a new vision of mountain biking. Joined on this quest by a collection of the most progressive and influential riders that this generation of mountain biking has to offer, Fairclough and Porter have embarked on an all-out assault on the bleeding edge of the sport's limits. DEATHGRIP is a relentless mission to challenge the limits of creativity, technology, and the human potential. DEATHGRIP is a creative oasis for Fairclough and Porter - a place where the raw expression of Fairclough's riding ability is captured with the most progressive filmmaking technology against the backdrop of the most visually engaging locations in the world. The future is now. #DEATHGRIPMOVIE  Seventeen year old, Emma joins a high school cheerleading team when she moves to Australia with her dad who is a former Air Force Officer. A victim of the Boston Marathon bombing in 2013 helps the police track down the killers while struggling to recover from devastating trauma. Francisco and his closest friends play on a soccer team that has reached its lowest point. They've got to win one of the next three games to keep the school from cutting their team altogether. A series of strange events take place in the first two games. Coincidence? Conspiracy? Francisco and his friends decide to create The Footballest, an investigative team that will get them into all kinds of adventures, where their ingenuity and their friendships will be put to the test. Jean-Francois, Ronald, Alexis, Cedric, Benoit and Maxim are gladiators of modern times. From the strongman to the top-class bodybuilder, to the veteran who has become a trainer, they all share the same definition and obsession with overcoming their limitations. They are waiting for the next competition, working hard in the gym and following extreme diets. What snowboarding was. What snowboarding is. Where snowboarding must go. Snowboarding: For Me brings the OAKLEY Snowboarding story to life through the perspectives and experiences of the athletes. Their moving testimonials coupled with archival and never-before-seen action footage convey a unique position on the past, present and future of the sport that is both inspirational and thought-provoking. Filmed using state-of-the-art techniques and technologies, Snowboarding: For Me takes the viewer from the streets of Helsinki to the backcountry of British Columbia, from Hemsedal to Hokkaido. See, hear and understand the story of snowboarding in a way it's never been told before. In the world of football, there seems only two camps when it comes to the greatest player. If you ask 100 soccer fans who that person is, chances are 50 of them will say Cristiano Ronaldo and 50 will say Lionel Messi. In this unique documentary, we examine these two superstars' moves, talent and ability. We hear from the rabid fans, interview the experts and debate which player is the best in modern football. Team 5 revolves around a gang of bikers who are into racing and stunts. Akhil (S.Sreesant) who is the back bone of this gang participates in racing tournaments all around the city along with his gang mates.Team 5 provide tough competition to their rival gang Road Rollers which is headed by Alby (Sumesh Krishnan). Akhil's life takes a dramatic turn when he falls in love with an event manager "Irene"(Nikki Galrani). Pearle Maaney and Makarand DeshPande also play important roles in this film. In an effort to prevent family history from repeating itself, meddlesome mom Daphne Wilder attempts to set up her youngest daughter, Milly, with Mr. Right. Meanwhile, her other daughters try to keep their mom's good intentions under control. Khido Khundi is an inspiring story of 2 brothers and narrates the love for hockey in Punjab. The true story of underdog boxer, Chuck Wepner, who gets a shot to fight the champ, Muhammed Ali. Steve Landry, an aging boxer with more losses than wins, accepts to become a sparring partner for an emerging champion in a last-ditch attempt to stay relevant. Ivo is a former pro footballer and jailbird with nothing to lose. He is a betting natural and his talent and background attract the interest of Dejan, the leader of a dangerous underworld family. The storied high school football rivalry between two Akron, Ohio parochial powerhouses and the city that embraces them. Newly restored and assembled by the International Olympic Committee - the earliest comprehensive moving-image record of the modern Olympic Games that survives today.  Monster truck fans of all ages will love this one-of-a-kind collection of THE VERY FIRST MONSTER TRUCK PROGRAMS ever to be released on National Television and Home Video. Even before cable TV, these history making shows introduced television audiences from coast-to-coast to the phenomenon known as MONSTER TRUCK RACING and EXHIBITIONS! Hosted by nationally recognized motorsports personality, Jan Gabriel, with Co-host, Claude Akins!! See the famous Monster Trucks that started it all including: the Original Bigfoot and Bigfoot IV plus favorites like, USA-1, the Frankenstein Monster Machine, Monster Vette, Cyclops, Monster Mash, Rollin Thunder, Orange Blossom Special, Psycho, Magnum, Jr., The Green Monster, Tennessee Thunder, The Wheelie King, Warlord, The Red Baron, the Chi-Town Hustler, Michigan Ice Monster, Blue Thunder, Awesome Kong, The All American, Taurus, Bearfoot, Virginia Beast, First Blood, Hercules, Krimson Krusher, Master of Disaster, the Aussie Battler and many more! After a hilarious run-in with the law, Madea is sentenced to community service. Determined to do good for the 'hood, Madea enlists Aunt Bam and Uncle Joe to try and save the Moms Mabley Youth Center from being shut down. With her irresistible sass and wisdom, Madea rallies the local kids to make a stand-and proves that behind her tough exterior is a whole lot of love! In his latest documentary, Sean Menard gives viewers an unprecedented look at Vince Carter: the six-foot-six, eight-time NBA All-Star from Daytona Beach who made waves in the Canadian basketball scene when he joined the Raptors in 1998. In the middle of Yosemite National Park towers El Capitan, a huge block of granite whose smoothest side, the Dawn Wall, is said to be the most difficult rock climb in the world. Tommy Caldwell didn't see inhospitable terrain, but rather a puzzle almost a kilometer tall. In The Dawn Wall, we follow him and Kevin Jorgeson in their historic ascent to the summit. Takashi Omura (Hiroshi Tanahashi) was once a popular professional wrestler, but he isn't popular anymore. He now wears a cockroach mask and wrestles as a villain. He is married to Shiori (Yoshino Kimura) and they have an elementary school aged son named Shota (Kokoro Terada). Takashi and Shiori have not yet told their son what Takashi does for a living. One day, Shota finds out that Takashi is a professional wrestler and a villain with a cockroach mask. Shota is shocked and tells a lie to his classmate that his dad is a popular professional wrestler. Cast as America's Villain in the famed Rumble in the Jungle against Muhammad Ali, George Foreman lost one of the greatest fights in sports history. Immediately after the defeat, "Big George" fell into a spiral that made him abandon boxing and spend 10 years becoming an ordained minister following a near death experience. 20 years later on and into his 40's, Foreman began an improbable climb back to the summit of world boxing becoming the heroic figure he'd always been destined to be, and writing one of the greatest underdog stories ever told. Uncle Drew recruits a squad of older basketball players to return to the court to compete in a tournament. Mariana is a woman who has dedicated her entire life to equine therapy that goes over the history of how she came to that. In her youth she lived a happy and prosperous life until a particular episode leads her to have to face millionaires debts. This situation can lead to being left homeless and especially without their horses, among which stands out Artax, the only being with which his son Bruno with Asperger's syndrome manages to have a special bond that helps him to cope with his life with harmony. Mariana must fight against wind and tide in this story of struggle and resilience sustained by the love of a mother and her son.  When Johnny is released from prison following a forgery charge, he quickly lands a job as a short-order cook at a New York diner. Following a brief fling with waitress Cora, Frankie develops an attraction for Cora's friend and fellow waitress Frankie. While Frankie resists Johnny's charms initially, she eventually relents when her best friend, Tim, persuades her to give Johnny a chance. Maine-Endwell didn't just win the 2016 Little League World Series. By beating the favored team from Seoul, South Korea (2-1) in the championship game, they completed a perfect season, ended Asia's string of four straight titles and put the "Little" back in an event that began in Williamsport in 1947 with regional teams and now attracts a worldwide audience of more than two million viewers. How did they do it? In the words of the Seoul Little League team coach, "They brought their dreams with them." "Roll With It" is a documentary following the Australian Men's Wheelchair Basketball team, the Rollers, on their two year journey to the 2014 World Championships held in South Korea.  After losing the Gold medal at the London 2012 Paralympics the Rollers are out for revenge.  We follow the inspiring players that make up one of Australia's greatest ever sporting teams as they overcome their own daily battles and strive for the ultimate glory. Washed-up pitcher, Jeff "The Heater" Sanderson, returns to his home town when he is released from the big leagues. After a failed attempt to reconnect with the family he once left behind, Jeff joins forces with an old friend to rebuild his childhood hardball team to relive the glory days. When the opportunity arises to gain custody of his son by challenging a local baseball team, Jeff eagerly wrangles his old acquaintances to whip them into shape and compete in one final game. A documentary on the lives of three sisters from the small town of Semirom in Iran who leave a life of poverty to become Wushu fighters, a form of Chinese martial arts. An examination of the story of the infamous 1983 George Brett pine tar incident.  This documentary is a behind the scenes making of a fictional film, "Tar Wars," the little known tale of the aftermath of George Brett's unforgettable blow-up. The heroes from the hard-hitting MORTAL KOMBAT video game explode onto the screen in this pulse-pounding animated action-adventure video. Discover the origin of your favorite character as Sonya Blade, Johnny Cage and Liu Kang travel to a mystical land to fight Shang Tsung and Goro for their honor, their lives and for the whole human race in a tournament called Mortal Kombat !  Loaded with wall-to-wall action, this revolutionary video features sensational never-before-seen special effects and awesome computer animation so real you won't believe your eyes. On behalf of "oppressed bugs everywhere," an inventive ant named Flik hires a troupe of warrior bugs to defend his bustling colony from a horde of freeloading grasshoppers led by the evil-minded Hopper. The peaceful existence of boat repairman Blake (Frank Zagarino) is destroyed when the Reverend James (Billy Drago) shows up with his disciples. Back in the days when Blake had been a member of an elite commando force, James had been his friend. But things have changed. Worried that Reverend James has fostered a cult and is planning on a mass suicide, the government sends spies to investigate. The government is also concerned because a prominent general's daughter is among the cultists. When the spies are killed, Blake is forced to reveal his true identity and join the fray to stop James and save the general's daughter. Between 1971 and 2005 on a small sicilian island in the Mediterrean sea, north of Palermo, an extraordinary phenomenon developed. In just over 30 years, a surprising parabola of the locally known "Hit and Run" game took place, which is more widely known as baseball. In the peak of this event, during the 90s, the small island of about a thousand inhabitants hosted two sport teams: Ustica Baseball Club and Ustica Softball Club, both at their respective national levels. A sporting and social ferment that led, among the ranks of the Italian softball national team, a Ustica's athlete at the Sydney 2000 Olympics. Throughout the years, this phenomenon attracted the interest of journalists, baseball professionals and enthusiasts, which made Ustica famous as the Island of the Baseball. When William Conroy (Rob Lowe), a former college professor, is sentenced to life in prison for vehicular manslaughter it seems his life is over. But when a fellow inmate tells him that in the past two years fourteen inmates have died at the prison, and then turns up dead the next day, Conroy realizes he is in more danger than he ever imagined. Conroy's suspicions are confirmed when the van carrying the inmates crashes. Seizing the opportunity, Conroy flees the scene and elicits the help of his lawyer. What the two discover is a grisly murder ring set up within the prison walls that incriminates those at the highest levels of the correctional system. Chaplin plays a handyman at a hotel. His love interest in the village is the girl played by Edna Purviance. A young man from the city arrives and appears to have an eye for Edna too. Chaplin tries to win her back. A Taiwan movie about first love. Through a series of twenty six short stories, a girl describes the childhood events that shaped her ideas about fatherhood, family relations, work and play. As the stories unfold, a dual portrait emerges: that of a father who cared more for his career than for his family, and of a daughter who was deeply affected by his behavior. Working in counterpoint to the forceful text are sensual black and white images that depict both the extraordinary and ordinary events of daily life. Together, they create a formally complex and emotionally intense film. An intimate and revealing portrait of Kenny Dalglish - the player, the man, the truth. Raghav, a professional boxer, finds himself in a fix when an unexpected turn of events gets him tangled in a battle between his passion, family and the love of his life. They're called water carriers, domestics, 'gregarios', 'Sancho Panzas' of professional cycling. Always at the back of the group, with no right for a personal victory. These wonderful losers are the true warriors of professional cycling. Tina lives in a quiet seaside town but her life is anything but quiet - her mother is threatening to leave her father, her daughter is being bullied and she and her husband Mick are juggling full time jobs and three children. Determined to ditch the dysfunction and beat her inner demons, Tina puts on her fighting gloves - literally, stepping into the boxing ring to sweat out her anxieties and punch up her self-worth. But does she have what it takes to get her family off the ropes and emerge victorious?  Conor McGregor is the biggest star in the history of Mixed Martial Arts. Filmed over the course of 4 years, Notorious is the exclusive, all-access account of Conor's meteoric rise from claiming benefits and living in his parents' spare room in Dublin to claiming multiple championship UFC belts and seven figure pay-packets in Las Vegas. Taylor is a man who has no problems with women. So confident is he that he accepts a challenge from his friends: he has to secure proposals of marriage from three women of their choice. In search of transcendence through stone skipping, an idealistic drifter arrives in a quiet lakeside town. Facing resistance from unimpressed locals, and pursued by members of his former skipping crew, he is forced to consider the merit of his lifelong quest. Making Shankly is a documentary film that explores the formative years of a Liverpool FC legend and tells a story that spans the football world from past to present.  Everyone knows Bill Shankly the man, but the tiny village of Glenbuck - where he was born - has been largely forgotten. Beneath its neglect lies one of the most compelling stories in football. Through interviews with football historians and some of the few remaining Glenbuckians, Making Shankly charts the history of Glenbuck, the impact it made on football and why it became known as the 'Nursery of Footballers'.  When a local woman disappears and the police can't seem to find any leads, her father turns to a poor young woman with psychic powers. Slowly she starts having visions of the woman chained and in a pond. Her visions lead to the body and the arrest of an abusive husband, but did he really do it? Davy is a 28-year-old writer on a road trip to promote his unpublished collection of short stories. A random phone call in Davy's motel room from a mysterious, sexy woman named Nicole leads to a series of phone sex sessions that surprisingly over time become emotionally and sexually satisfying for the shy writer. Later, when he meets a former girlfriend, he must try to choose between them - but only if he can arrange a meeting with his reclusive phone mate. Laura Ludwig's and Kira Walkenhorst's journey to the 2016 Rio Olympics. Despite setbacks in their preparation the team keeps pushing themselves to reach their ultimate goal - the Beach Volleyball Goldmedal. WOMEN, WORLD-CLASS FOOTBALL AND THE BEST FEMALE PLAYER IN THE WORLD. After becoming undefeated champions of the South American Women Under-17 Championship and overcoming one of the worst social and economic environments for sports practicing, the Venezuelan team takes a chance to win the first World Cup for their country, having the chance to give a voice to women football in their country and perhaps in all of South America. In March 2005, Neil Young was diagnosed with a brain aneurysm. Four days before he was scheduled for a lifesaving operation, he headed to Nashville, where he wrote and recorded the country folk album PRAIRIE WIND with old friends and family members. After the successful operation and recovery period, he returned to Nashville that August to play at the famed Ryman Auditorium, once again gathering together friends and family for this special performance. A pastor preoccupied with writing the perfect sermon fails to realize that his wife is having an affair and his children are up to no good. Majeed Rahman, the Manager of MYC, a Sevens Football team from Malapuram, Kerala; recruits Samuel a Football player from Nigeria. unfortunately Samuel is injured, Majeed lets him stay at his house and over time, they develop a close bond. Born Strong is the story of the four strongest men on the planet. Each year, the Arnold Strongman Classic crowns the winner in the purest test of strength on the planet. This year's Arnolds are unique with each of these four weighing more than 400 pounds. Lithuanian Zydrunas Savickas, 40, is the acknowledged Strongest Man Ever, who may have passed his prime. American Brian Shaw is the defending champion, a 6'8', 425-pound giant who seems poised to take the crown. England's Eddie Hall is "the hungry wolf, " knocking on the door. "I'll do anything, " he says. "I'll die, if I have to. " Finally, there's Icelander Hafthor Bjornsson, who plays the Mountain on Game of Thrones. He's the youngest of the group, but with perhaps the greatest potential. "It's great to see these Monsters, " says Arnold Schwarzenegger, the host of the competition and a former bodybuilding champion. Born Strong revels in the drama when these remarkable giants clash. Africa, Europe - Europe and Africa: Surfers live differently on each continent and Africa marks a special place - as surfing is in many places at its very beginnings. 'Beyond - An African Surf Documentary' follows locals along the coast of Morocco, Western Sahara, Mauritania, Senegal and Gambia into their homes, visits their home surf spots and takes a look into their surfing lives. Three months of shooting culminated in a 111 minute long episodic journey on a continent, that has the potential to be the next big thing in surfing. Grant Fuhr was the first black superstar in hockey. He won 403 regular season NHL games and is a member of the 2003 class of the Hockey Hall of Fame. Making Coco is the story of Fuhr's life, on and off the ice. 89 tells the incredible story of one of football's greatest triumphs: when against all odds Arsenal snatched the Championship title from Liverpool at Anfield in the last minute of the last game of the 1988/89 season. It's a universal tale of a band of brothers who, led by a charismatic and deeply respected manager, came together to defy the odds and create history. A man from a small place has become a coach of the biggest club in the country. He's coming back to his home town to buy a talented striker from a local club. A new striker immediately becomes a star in the big club. But a conflict between coach on one side and striker and manager of the club on the other occurs and results in coach leaving the club. He then becomes a coach of a big German club and in international competition has a match against his former club. In first game in Munich his former club wins which puts him in danger of losing position of coach in new club. But in the second game his team wins in Belgrade and goes trough. He once again goes to his home town and in the graveyard, at the tomb of his father, who died in war fighting Germans, asks himself what happened so he's now fighting for the Germans against a club from his own country. Fly-on-the-wall documentary about professional boxer Amir Khan. Filmed over two years, it follows Amir and his team in their quest to fight the best boxer on the planet, the unbeaten Floyd Mayweather Jr. Akira Tachibana is a 17-year-old high school student. She was once a promising athlete, but an injury has prevented her from taking part in track and field. One day, Akira Tachibana goes to a family restaurant and the manager talks to her in a tender voice. This makes Akira Tachibana begin working part-time at the restaurant. The manager is 45-year-old Masami Kondo and he is divorced with a child. Akira Tachibana falls in love with him. --asianwiki When his son dies while hiking the famed Camino de Santiago pilgrimage route in the Pyrenees, Tom flies to France to claim the remains. Looking for insights into his estranged child's life, he decides to complete the 500-mile mountain trek to Spain. Tom soon joins up with other travelers and realizes they're all searching for something. A beautifully affecting love story that has rightly earned comparisons to Brokeback Mountain, Haim Tabakman's potent yet impeccably restrained tale has won awards and accolades at film festivals the world over. Aaron, a pillar in Jerusalem's Orthodox community is respected by friends and family. However, when he hires handsome runaway student Ezri to assist with his business, sexual tensions bristle and the pair cautiously embark on a love affair. Meanwhile, a neighbouring shopkeeper persists in seeing a man of her own choosing, even though she's been promised by her father to another. As forbidden truths come to the fore, these lovers are forced to either confront or relent in the face of a centuries-old religious community, with startling results. Filipino-American high school student Ben (Dante Mercado) works in a comic book shop to earn money to pay his way into Cal Arts. His father, a postman, is determined that his son--who has won a pre-med scholarship to UCLA--will become a doctor. The eighteenth birthday party of Ben's sister, Rose, sets off a comedic and touching series of events and family struggles that will in turn determine young Ben's future. This fresh independent production from Gene Cajayon presents a lighthearted and warm coming-of-age tale filtered through the eyes of an American subculture rarely seen on film. When two poor greasers, Johnny, and Ponyboy are assaulted by a vicious gang, the socs, and Johnny kills one of the attackers, tension begins to mount between the two rival gangs, setting off a turbulent chain of events. Bari, summer 2013. In a city still in shock from the 2011 match-fixing scandal in football, the local team is preparing for a new Serie B season in a hugely precarious economic situation. The owners, the Matarrese family, have pulled back, yet the team will qualify for the playoffs matches despite the declared bankruptcy. In the feature documentary FROM THE GROUND UP, former meat-eating college football player Santino Panico goes on a journey to rediscover the athlete within--this time, as a vegan. As he meets with vegetarian and vegan elite competitors, this story about food and sport expands to confront the social norms and far-reaching impacts of food choices. Short documentary about 50 years of history of Czechoslovakia, with archive images. A documentary about a football veteran who must fight the unthinkable fight against the club of his heart, Rosenborg. Houston Strong. The first championship for any franchise always delivers a satisfying celebration. But when it happens during the recovery from a natural disaster, it generously serves as a welcome and exhilarating distraction for its fans and city. Fresh on the heels of devastating flooding from Hurricane Harvey, the Houston Astros thrilled fans by winning the 2017 World Series championship.  Reel Rock Tour 12 - 2017 - brings you four new nail-biting, hair-raising, and awe-inspiring stories of real rock climbers from around the world. Chris Sharma climbs cliffs solo over deep, churning ocean waters. Margo Hayes, at the age of 19, becomes the first female rock climber to complete a 5.15 route - the top of the difficulty scale. Brad Gobright, an up-and-coming climber, attempts reckless solo routes with a care-free attitude. Maureen Beck challenges herself while defying expectations others set for her and all adaptive climbers. Sofia. A hot July Friday pits two old rivals against each other. Twenty-five years later they are still boxers, albeit this time they are not wearing gloves. What happens when you take a Young Gun, a veteran, some chick and this other guy and drop them off in the middle of the snow-coated Canadian wilderness with a few boards and enough lenses to make even Marilyn Monroe blush? We wanted to find out. And so we did all that. Then we made Depth Perception.  The film invites you to join Austen Sweetin, Travis Rice, Robin Van Gyn and Bryan Fox on an expedition. It'n to learn about nature. An expedition to ride some of the best backcountry on the planet. And, occasionally, an expedition to violently fall down a mountain to the peaceful hum of a violin. Mmm. Yeah. Depth Perception is somehow as earnest as it is tongue-in-cheek. Four telecom employees begrudgingly join the company's dragon boat team to help keep them immune from encroaching layoffs only to discover themselves. Follow Alex Honnold as he attempts to become the first person to ever free solo climb Yosemite's 3,000 foot high El Capitan wall. With no ropes or safety gear, this would arguably be the greatest feat in rock climbing history. The development of professional soccer worldwide owes a great debt to the soccer - or "football" - that is played on the streets of France. Inspired by somewhat true events, "Get Big" follows the misadventures of two friends as they reconnect to attend a high school classmate's wedding. Alec is the charming troublemaker, while Nate provides the neurotic and awkward foil to his friend's unpredictable antics. "Get Big" takes place over the course of a crazy 24-hour period during which Alec and Nate cross paths with oddball cops, curmudgeonly neighbors, drug dealers, psychopaths, escorts and pretty girls, all while the clock ticks down their classmate's big moment. The story of the East St. Louis High Flyers' surprising run to the 2016 state football title isn't just a local narrative. It's a national story about a community in crisis and a football team reaching unpredictable heights. High School All American Jeff Thomas nearly gets tossed off the team and Rey Estes, the quarterback, seeks redemption after his junior season is cancelled by a teacher strike Others seek a college offer as a way out of their situation. A country football coach who has a plan to rebuild the local football team by recruiting recently settled asylum seekers. During the Korean War, Joe Moran, is convicted for striking a colonel. Imprisoned in Germany he encounters his former company commander Captain Ross, jailed for black marketeering. Together with Ross' cohorts Joe agrees to escape with them, but things go wrong and a policeman is killed. An appalled Joe escapes by himself, abandoning the others, who are recaptured. Years later Joe has a boat rental business where he is found by Ross. Now a wanted drug smuggler he wants the use of Joe's boats and to ensure his cooperation, they kidnap his wife and daughter. Invicta FC 2: Baszler vs. McMann was a mixed martial arts event held on July 28, 2012 at the Memorial Hall in Kansas City, Kansas. Like the first event, it was made available as a free stream on the promotion's official website. The event was headlined by 2004 Summer Olympics women's freestyle wrestling silver medalist Sara McMann and Shayna Baszler. It will be the second event of the promotion.  Jessica Phillipus missed weight for her bout and forfeited 25% of her fight purse. After the event, fight of the night (US$1,500 bonus to each fighter) went to Sara McMann and Shayna Baszler who competed in the main event. Two submission of the night bonuses (US$1,000 bonus) were awarded to Sarah D'Alelio and Alexis Davis. This fascinating series features Max himself, filmed in live action, sitting at a drawing board and concocting adventures for his star performer Ko-Ko the Clown. Max is supposedly the guy in charge, and he takes sadistic glee in putting Ko-Ko through various forms of hell, but the clown usually fights back and sometimes gets the best of his Uncle Max. FADEAWAY elevates this charged relationship to new heights (or depths?) of nightmarish surrealism; it's also one of the most enjoyable Inkwell cartoons I've seen to date, packing lots of imaginative, unpredictable twists and turns into an eight minute running time. Kirdar-E-Sardar is a Punjabi action film starring Nav Bajwa and Neha Pawar. This is a movie about the life of Israel's king David. Follow the Faction Collective as they return to their homes around the world to show us how they get it done on home turf. From Europe to the US and back again - via old playgrounds, new challenges, secret spots and favourite lines - This Is Home chronicles what it means to be a freeskier today: where the conditions are what you make of them, and the search for that perfect ride starts in your own backyard. A young girl is institutionalized by her abusive stepfather. Retreating to an alternative reality as a coping strategy, she envisions a plan which will help her escape from the mental facility. An immersive film essay on tennis legend John McEnroe at the height of his career  as the world champion, documenting his strive for perfection, frustrations, and the hardest loss of his career at the 1984 Roland-Garros French Open. Film is about game dandi biyo, popular in Nepal. Nossa Chape tracks the rebuilding of the Chapecoense football club in Brazil after an airplane carrying the team crashed on November 28th, 2016, and left all but three of the players dead. While working in the Gaea Japan promotion in mid-90s, Ozaki formed the villainous Oz Academy stable with Chikayo Nagashima, Rieko Amano and Sugar Sato, eventually opening a training school under the same name. Oz Academy eventually started promoting sporadic independent events, featuring members of the stable and Ozaki's trainees, with the first event held on June 21, 1998 Written The story of the five Russian hockey stars who helped propel the Detroit Red Wings to two Stanley Cup championships and created one of the most memorable chapters in Motor City sports history. Moroccan paralympic gold medalist Azzedine Nouiri is no longer looking for the longest throw, but to overthrow the system that keeps athletes with different abilities marginalized as destitute second-class citizens. Officially labeled 'The greatest driver Formula One has ever seen', Schumacher has redefined this elite sport through his ability, dedication, media presence and appeal. The first German to ever win the Formula One World Championship, Michael Schumacher is revered and single-handedly credited with popularizing this sport in his country and beyond.This is an objective look at Schumacher's journey, and the ongoing impact of his contribution to Formula One. Ric from Chicago and Keith from Newfoundland participate in a 2-week-long rickshaw rally across Cambodia. Matchstick Productions - the powerhouse that brought you award-winning classics like CLAIM, THE WAY I SEE IT, and DAYS OF MY YOUTH - is proud to introduce the funniest, most action-packed ski movie of 2017: DROP EVERYTHING, presented by Under Armour. Following an artful, narrative-driven 2016 film release, the team at Matchstick took a decidedly more lighthearted approach that returns the focus to the featured athletes and world-class action. DROP EVERYTHING features the world's preeminent freeskiers along with quick-hitting comedy, stunning locations, a potent soundtrack, and stellar cinematography.  DROP EVERYTHING is an unexpected, fun-filled adventure through the world of freeskiing - join Matchstick Productions for the ride along with Mark Abma, Markus Eder, Eric Hjorleifson, Michelle Parker, Sammy Carlson, Cody Townsend, Elyse Saugstad, Tanner Rainville, Chris Rubens, Aaron Blunck, Sander Hadley, Connery Lundin, and more! A special sequel anime for Free! to screen in Fall 2017. Part of BFI collection "Design for Today." In the winter of 2017, the magnitude of winter's force was on full display. Telephone pole-snapping storms pounded the Wyoming landscape. Regions to the west, recently left arid and forgotten, were gifted with unprecedented accumulation. Blizzards in Europe buried towns in an instant before disappearing just as fast, leaving the lucky few who were there to wonder if it even happened. A Bolivian expedition found grace above 18,000 feet before the elements went rogue and the humans reluctantly heeded warnings from above.  From India to Alaska, come join us as we discover unridden spine walls, massive airs, and full throttle riding in some of the wildest and most spectacular places on earth. Witness the 21-year athlete roster as they come together for a reunion-style massive group shred of the Palisades at Squaw Valley. Tight Loose is living to the fullest! Alexander, the King of Macedonia, leads his legions against the giant Persian Empire. After defeating the Persians, he leads his army across the then known world, venturing farther than any westerner had ever gone, all the way to India. Life Cycles tells a spectacular story of the bike, from its creation to its eventual demise. A visually stunning journey, with thought provoking narration, Life Cycles uses Ultra HD to document the many stories surrounding the mountain bike and its culture. Ride along into breath taking natural settings, as we battle the elements, showcase the progression of riding, take a road trip, fix the bike, and show the destruction and eventual creation of trails. Semenuk, Hopkins, Schwartz, McIntosh, McCaul Agassiz, Hunter and Vanderham guide you through this wonderful story. Life Cycles is a celebration of the bicycle, and is sure to entertain anyone who has ever ridden one. John Cena takes on the polarizing purveyor of "People Power", John Laurinaitis. Plus, both World Championships are on the line! The Superstars of Raw and SmackDown dial up the intensity as WWE goes Over The Limit!  Over the Limit was a PPV which took place at the PNC Arena in Raleigh, North Carolina on May 20, 2012. It was the third and final event under the Over the Limit chronology. In a main event from the Raw brand, John Laurinaitis challenged John Cena. Another main event from the Raw brand featured CM Punk defending against Daniel Bryan for the WWE Championship. In the main event from the SmackDown brand, Sheamus defended against  Alberto Del Rio, Randy Orton, and Chris Jericho in a Fatal Four-way match for the World Heavyweight Championship.    A young man is bogged down by his family, farm and school life, but after the baseball coach convinces him to play, he finds a bit of comfort in the sport--which he also excels in  The first and only Taiwanese player for the New York Yankees, Chien-Ming Wang held many titles: American League Wins Leader, World Series Champion, Olympian, Time 100 Most Influential, and The Pride of Taiwan. He had it all - until a 2008 injury forever altered the course of his career. Late Life: The Chien-Ming Wang Story - named after the late sinking action on his signature pitch - follows the rise and fall of the international icon as he fights his way back into the Major Leagues through endless rehab programs and lengthy stints away from home, carrying the weight of the world on his battered shoulder. A poignant and intimate account of Wang's steadfast quest, Late Life tells the story of a man who is unwilling to give up and unable to let go. Millions tuned in to see KSI beat Joe Weller in the biggest amateur boxing match of all time. But what didn't they see? The blood, sweat and determination underpinning KSI's intense training regime and a revealing look at his world off camera. This is the exclusive and never before seen story of Knowledge, Strength and Integrity, and how JJ, with 18m YouTube subscribers, went from actor to athlete.  Shot at a sold-out show in London's famed Brixton Academy, Steel Panther brings back the '80s in full force with a blistering set of their greatest hits. This DVD also includes a hysterical behind the scenes documentary; total running time is over two hours.  The British Invasion tracklisting:  'Eyes Of A Panther'  'Eatin' Ain't Cheatin'  'Fat Girl'  Hair Solo  'Party All Day'  'Hell's On Fire'  'Stripper Girl'  Guitar Solo  'Asian Hooker'  'Turn Out The Lights'  'Girl From Oklahoma'  'We Want Pussy'  'Community Property'  'The Shocker'  'Death To All But Metal' After 70 years Hungary is back to A pool hockey. The Hungarian 'miracle on ice'. HARJEETA, is based on the remarkable true story of Harjeet Singh, an Indian professional field hockey player, who captained the Indian squad at the 2016 Men's Hockey Junior World Cup. His family, like so many families in this country was struggling with the biggest problem of our nation, poverty. How he comes a humble background, from being dumped by his love interest, just because he didn't have a cup at home to serve her tea, to winning the world cup for India. The Indian Hockey team that year went unbeaten throughout the tournament, eventually winning the Gold medal after 15 years and giving birth to a true sports legend. It's summer. The Tour de France is coming and senior fans arrive in their camper vans in this endearing documentary that revels in its visual humour. An unscrupulous boxer fights his way to the top, but eventually alienates all of the people who helped him on the way up. Jamario, Jaquan, Jailen, and Teague are teammates on the J.O. Johnson High School wrestling team in Huntsville, Alabama. Led by their passionate coach, they are trying to qualify for the State Championships but the pressures outside of the ring - emotional breakdowns, racial profiling by the police, teenage pregnancy - are mounting for each of the young men. Barry Reckord adapted his stage play for TV and his brother Lloyd plays the central character - a Jamaican new to London. When he begins a relationship with a white woman, he finds himself in conflict with his mother, who has great expectations for him. The very early intimate portrayal of this interracial relationship broke new ground, and is believed to feature one of the world's first examples of an interracial kiss on TV.  Actually, Popeye and Bluto are already there. They visit a nightclub, where the featured singer/dancer is, of course, Olive Oyl. Mitsuki is shy and rather isolated at school. Towa is on the basketball team and Mitsuki's class-mate. Due to circumstances, Mitsuki soon begins to socialize with four jocks of the basketball team, which affects her self-esteem, her social status, her loneliness and her life. She finds a new lease in her school life. A disgraced basketball coach is given the chance to coach Los Amigos, a team of players who are intellectually disabled, and soon realizes they just might have what it takes to make it to the national championships. Like millions of kids around the world, Santiago harbors the dream of being a professional footballer...However, living in the Barrios section of Los Angeles, he thinks it is only that--a dream. Until one day an extraordinary turn of events has him trying out for Premiership club Newcastle United. Documentary that chronicles the challenges and triumphs of LGBT athletes in sports today. On the Edge is about suicidal patients discovering their true selves while going through therapy in a treatment center. Two chicken is born in the second material. It will continue efforts to find a picturesque expression, which is free to form as described in the film. Business and shape, the execution is so picturesque and cinematic, as the limit is lost. Painted film color effect to increase many times the film projector spotlight A former pro-baseball player finds his passion again in Keirin, a professional bicycle racing sport. An unscrupulous boxer fights his way to the top, but eventually alienates all of the people who helped him on the way up. Larry Donner, an author with a cruel ex-wife, teaches a writing workshop in which one of his students, Owen, is fed up with his domineering mother. When Owen watches a Hitchcock classic that seems to mirror his own life, he decides to put the movie's plot into action and offers to kill Larry's ex-wife, if Larry promises to murder his mom. Before Larry gets a chance to react to the plan, it seems that Owen has already set things in motion. Archer champion Lauren Pierce escapes a corrupt juvenile correctional facility with Rebecca, a fierce but alluring inmate. Together they must survive a desperate warden who is bow-hunting his prey to make sure his secret stays buried coming soon.. Bilqis Abdul-Qaadir broke records and barriers on her way to become the first Division I athlete to play basketball while wearing hijab. When a controversial ruling ends her chances at playing professionally, she re-examines her faith and identity as a Muslim American. A documentary following the success of Egyptian footballer Mohammed Salah who enjoyed a fruitful first season on Merseyside with Liverpool F.C., featuring interviews with professionals, .. Inspired by Arthur Schnitzler's classic La Ronde, screenwriter Peter Morgan and director Fernando Meirelles' 360 combines a modern and dynamic roundelay of stories into one, linking characters from different cities and countries in a vivid, suspenseful and deeply moving tale of love in the 21st century. Starting in Vienna, the film beautifully weaves through Paris, London, Bratislava, Rio, Denver and Phoenix into a single, mesmerizing narrative. For the second time in franchise history - the Pittsburgh Penguins are back-to-back Stanley Cup Champions!  NHL Original Productions provides an in-depth all-access narrative of Pittsburgh's fifth Stanley Cup Championship.  Follow the Penguins on the ice, behind the bench and into the locker room from the regular season through the Stanley Cup Playoffs as they successfully defend their title. Scottish highlander Jamie Durie (Errol Flynn) falls into a life of piracy after joining the failed rebellion of Bonnie Prince Charlie against the British crown in this swashbuckling adventure adapted from the Robert Louis Stevenson novel. MARCH WITH THE DEVIL is the true story of Dominiquie Vandenberg who became a martial arts champion at a very early age until a tragic accident took everything he loved and drove him into the French Foreign Legion Special Forces.  Vandenberg signed on for a five-year stint and saw engagement in Africa and Bosnia.  But his inner torment from his Legion days fueled his desire to become an advisor/soldier-for-hire. The lineage of mountain lifestyle continues in Warren Miller Entertainment's 68th full-length feature film, Line of Descent, presented by Volkswagen. In this year's film, WME travels the globe, by land, air, and sea, exploring the ties that bind ski culture. The film follows the life of famous 1970s runner Steve Prefontaine from his youth days in Oregon to the University of Oregon where he worked with the legendary coach Bill Bowerman, later to Olympics in Munich and his early death at 24 in a car crash. The film intertwines Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal's lives with their famed 2008 Wimbledon championship - an epic match so close and so reflective of their competitive balance that, in the end, the true winner was the sport itself. A film about fear; its paralysing grip on humans and how it affects our decision-making. Olympian and X Games Slopestyle champion Anna Segal and her Freeride World Tour, big mountain skiing sister, Nat Segal, use their skiing to understand fear and how it manifests in the two siblings' lives. In a small and conservative Scottish village, a woman's paralytic husband convinces her to have extramarital intercourse so she can tell him about it and give him a reason for living. The main characters of the film are Zinedine Zidane and Marco Materazzi, participants in the most scandalous episode in the history of football. During extra time of the final match of the 2006 World Cup, pitting France against Italy, the French leader, superstar Zidane, for some unknown reason took a running start and head-butted Materazzi in the chest. Zidane was sent off the field and, as a result, the French lost the match on penalties. This head-butt and the unexpected loss were now bound together in the minds of sports fans forever. But the burning question - why did it happen? - has never been properly answered. After thoroughly studying the lives of the participants in this match, the filmmakers reveal an amazing story: The 2006 World Cup appears to us in the form of a play "directed by the Creator". Croatian War of Independence narrated trough the experiences of the players of the National Soccer Team who won the third place during the 1998 FIFA World Cup, in France. Their victory delivered joy to a wartorn population and it is the highest achievement of a postYugoslavian nation in soccer competitions. Dubbed Mission 8, this documentary will follow the production process, the hiccups the engineers had to overcome as well as the way drivers and other parties involved in its making had to work together to bring out a car worthy of the M stripes.  Since the day Idan was born, his mother Iris promised him that by the time he celebrated age 13, he would meet his African father, Toni Toklomati, for the very first time. "17 Seconds" provides an all-access pass inside the Blackhawks locker room party in Boston and the airplane ride home with the Cup following Game 6, in addition to insight from the players on the Stanley Cup-winning team and members of the organization. Fans can ride along on the players' buses during the championship parade and follow the Blackhawks as they spend their Cup days with family and friends, sharing the greatest trophy in sports with their communities. It also includes footage from the opening night banner raising ceremony. The Big Wave Project is a masterful, award-winning documentary on the art of big wave riding from veteran Australian surf filmmaker Tim Bonython. For five years, Tim followed a tight-knit crew of the world's best big wave surfers as they each attempted a personal goal - to ride the world's biggest wave. In a moving portrait of resilience, Alex Holmes chronicles the unprecedented journey of 24-year-old Tracy Edwards and the first all-female sailing crew to enter the Whitbread Round the World Race. In her striking portrait of Chippewa female mixed martial artist Ashley Nichols, Caroline Monnet eloquently demonstrates and celebrates the athlete's inner strength, fortitude, and dedication to her physical and spiritual health. Red Bull Romaniacs - The toughest Hard Enduro Rallye on earth!  This 5 day competition is infamous for being the most difficult, yet rewarding off-road experience one can imagine.  This year, the world's #1 hard enduro rider, Graham Jarvis goes for his second win in a row and a chance to join the likes of Cyril Despres as the only rider to ever claim three wins at Romaniacs. But it's a tall order as former champions Andreas Lettenbichler of Germany and New Zealand's Chris Birch are out to dethrone the king. But newcomer Jonny Walker from the UK arrives to Sibiu with one goal in mind... to win his first time out against the world's best. Red Bull Romaniacs - The toughest Hard Enduro Rallye on earth!  This 5 day competition is infamous for being the most difficult, yet rewarding off-road experience one can imagine.  This year, the world's #1 hard enduro rider, Graham Jarvis goes for his second win in a row and a chance to join the likes of Cyril Despres as the only rider to ever claim three wins at Romaniacs. But it's a tall order as former champions Andreas Lettenbichler of Germany and New Zealand's Chris Birch are out to dethrone the king. But newcomer Jonny Walker from the UK arrives to Sibiu with one goal in mind... to win his first time out against the world's best. A single father pushes his cricket-obsessed son to buckle down and focus on his education. The lifelong friendship between Rafe McCawley and Danny Walker is put to the ultimate test when the two ace fighter pilots become entangled in a love triangle with beautiful Naval nurse Evelyn Johnson. But the rivalry between the friends-turned-foes is immediately put on hold when they find themselves at the center of Japan's devastating attack on Pearl Harbor on Dec. 7, 1941. En route to an international competition, Closing The Gap follows the North Korean men's hockey team as they strive to bring home gold for Marshal Kim Jong Un. While their commitment and dedication to their training is unmatched, they're hard pressed to catch a break. Whether it be the UN sanctions on North Korea, or the flurry of injuries and rumours that plague the DPRK team, this film is a window into the lives of a group of underdog athletes. Friends, family, co-stars and admirers of actor Steve McQueen talk about his life and his movie career. Watch the world's best skiers and riders cover ground in some of the most legendary destinations to honor a face that launched a thousand quips and got us all started on this long, crazy ride. Visit some of Warren's favorite locations from Switzerland to Chamonix, British Columbia to Alaska, Chile, Iceland, New Zealand, and more.  Achilles '29 from Groesbeek has been a top club in amateur football for years. In recent years they even surpass De Treffers, their bigger brother and competitor in the construction worker's village. When the club can promote to professional football via a pilot project, it takes on the challenge. It becomes a huge risk for the people who love the club. A young man struggles to access sublimated childhood memories. He finds a technique that allows him to travel back into the past, to occupy his childhood body and change history. However, he soon finds that every change he makes has unexpected consequences. An unscrupulous boxer fights his way to the top, but eventually alienates all of the people who helped him on the way up. The movie revolves around Anandha, a middle aged man, who tries to achieve his lifelong dream through a girl named Udumbara. A group of youngsters in a villagers who are crazy about cricket learn about the history of kabadi and take up the sport, but a rivalry with a neighbouring village poses a life-threatening challenge. Take the Ball, Pass the Ball is the definitive story of the greatest football team ever assembled. For four explosive years, Pep Guardiola's Barca produced the greatest football in history, seducing fans around the world. In this exclusive, first-hand account of events between 2008 and 2012, the players themselves reveal the tension of the bitter Guardiola-Mourinho rivalry, the emotion of Abidal's fight back from cancer to lift the European Cup and how Messi, the best footballer the world's ever seen, was almost rejected by Barca as a 13-year-old. The next 30 for 30 documentary, "Seau," directed by Kirby Bradley, recaptures the glory days of NFL great Junior Seau while foreshadowing a tragedy that would rock the league. Celebrated as supersleuth, Mr. Moto comes out fighting when a brutal boxing match turns into cold-blooded murder! Assisted by detective-in-training Lee Chan, Moto sets out to track down the killer based on a single ominous clue: a poisoned boxing glove! But when Moto's hunch points to a corrupt gambling syndicate, he's forced to wager his very life to unmask the culprit--or go down for the count...permanently! The story of the Southwest Detroit community that saved a rink, helped stabilize a neighborhood and gave inner city youth the opportunity to play hockey. Steven Gerrard became perhaps the greatest player in the history of Liverpool FC, but did so when success and trophies were declining. It became his personal mission to lift the famous club back to the top. That loyalty raised him to God-like status with Liverpool fans, but was an unbearable burden, bringing with it a profound sense of responsibility to live up to their and his own expectations. A documentary film that takes the viewer to the great stages of the sport of cycling. Estonians Tanel Kangert and Rein Taaramae are the same age and both from the small village of Vandra. They are under the microscope as they both cycle in the top-level Astana Pro Team. Ninjas are enduring, iconic figures of Japan. They were active about 500 years ago during the country's Warring States period. And these days, they're thought to be long gone. But centuries later, one ninja is still with us. 84-year-old Masaaki Hatsumi is a successor of the Togakure school. He teaches a supreme form of self-defense to more than 100,000 students around the world, including FBI agents and army personnel. Hatsumi can easily fend off attacks from these tough disciples and make them unmovable using just one finger. What is the essence of his astonishing art? This program investigates the hidden power of this ninja master. The Official Wimbledon Film 2018 delivers an engaging insight into the very best action, on and off the court, at the most famous and revered tennis tournament in the world.  Documenting the progress of former champions, challengers and eventual winners as they progress through the fortnight, witnessing the shock results unfold and delving into Wimbledon's unique attributes across the grounds. In terms of rivalries in world sport, there is arguably none as fierce as that between the Australia and Indian cricket. The team at Dickson Films have traveled far and wide on both continents to explore this fascinating sporting rivalry - from its inception until the present day.  2 Nations 1 Obsession isn't just an epic Cricket story - it's a tale of how two countries with such different DNA - can be brought together for the love of a game. A documentary that chronicles the recent years of the famous C.D. Guadalajara, a Mexican football club commonly known as 'Chivas', their ups and downs, victories and struggles. Ex con turned private investigator Bradford Galt suspects someone is following him and maybe even trying to kill him. With the assistance of his spunky secretary, Kathleen Stewart, he dives deep into a mystery in search of answers. An aging hippie sets out on a trip across America to find his family. Bikes vs Cars depicts a global crisis that we all deep down know we need to talk about: Climate, earth's resources, cities where the entire surface is consumed by the car. An ever-growing, dirty, noisy traffic chaos. The bike is a great tool for change, but the powerful interests who gain from the private car invest billions each year on lobbying and advertising to protect their business. In the film we meet activists and thinkers who are fighting for better cities, who refuse to stop riding despite the increasing number killed in traffic.  Set in Manipur, India, this is a unique story of girls and horses empowering each other. It is a story about saving an endangered breed of pony and empowering women in the sport of polo at the same time. REEL ROCK 13 delivers jaw-dropping action, soulful journeys and rollicking humor in a brand new collection of the year's best climbing films. Hop on a wild ride to the frigid Antarctic, get the feel of the world's hardest route, explore surreal Bedouin lands and take a run at speed. Four new films feature the world's best climbers, including Adam Ondra, Madaleine Sorkin, Alex Honnold, Conrad Anker and many more. A triumph of human spirit, a rendition of guts and blood, a tale of good Samaritans of Faridabad, story of a small town girl winning against odds, both personal and external. Tale of a girl tennis player who dares to liberate herself from the chains of her tennis obsessed Coach cum father , only to get trapped in the male dominated society of Haryana.Victim of her father's long standing animosity with the antagonist she emerges unscathed , accomplishing her stated goal of fetching redemption for her father. A father daughter relationship in midst of a savage gender disparity and depicted among the settings of the glorious game of tennis. A DEA agent investigates the disappearance of a legendary Army ranger drill sergeant and several of his cadets during a training exercise gone severely awry. The extraordinary journey of an ordinary girl who became a Heroine. Since it started, Lakai has constantly given amazing things to skateboarding. Between great shoes and epic videos, we're always expecting a lot from them. With a whole bunch of new faces, the newest Lakai full length proved that they're still crushing it as hard as ever. With some amazing parts from Sebo Walker, Jon Sciano, Stevie Perez, Riley Hawk, and the rest of the crew along with a great soundtrack - this will be a video you watch more than once. His teachers, coaches, childhood friends and Barca teammates, together with journalists, writers and prominent figures from the history of football, come together in a restaurant to analyze and pick apart Messi's personality both on and off the field, and to look back at some of the most significant moments in his life. Viewed from Alex de la Iglesia's unique perspective, Messi recreates the player's childhood and teenage years, from his very first steps, with a football always at his feet, through to the decision to leave Rosario for Barcelona, the separation from his family, and the role played in his career by individuals such as Ronaldinho, Rijkaard, Rexach and Guardiola. 